controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police had dropped the investigation . victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to the herald sun . scroll down for video . belle gibson : doubt has been cast on the whole pantry founder 's stories as people demand answers from the health guru . however , victoria police told daily mail australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation , spearheaded by consumer affairs victoria , had not changed . ' i know other things have been said this morning , but our approach is the same as it was yesterday and the day before that , ' a victoria police spokeswoman said . consumer affairs victoria said the investigation is continuing . ' as far as we 're aware , nothing has changed , ' a spokeswoman told daily mail australia . the decision comes after ms gibson has expressed concern over her family 's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been ' misdiagnosed ' . doting young mum : ms gibson has expressed concern about her family 's safety after her son 's childcare details were allegedly placed online . in an interview with daily mail australia , ms gibson claimed her son 's childcare details , her home address and floor plan had been posted online amidst the fierce backlash against her . she said that was the reason ' police came to our home checking in on my safety ' last week . ms gibson also hit out at some of her critics , saying that while she understood ' everyone 's anger and confusion ' , some people had responded ' maliciously ' . ms gibson 's remarks came during a devastating 24 hours for her business , with local publisher penguin books and a u.s. publishing house dumping ms gibson 's whole pantry recipe book . the whole pantry , a popular app , gained media attention because of ms gibson 's remarkable story about cancer survival . ' our address being posted online to a website ... is not ok , ' she said , providing daily mail australia with screenshots of her address posted on facebook . the instagram star did not address questions concerning her cancer diagnosis , saying she would ' have a statement live this week ' where she would address medical questions . ' our address being posted online to a website ... is not ok , ' she said , providing daily mail australia with screenshots of her address posted on facebook . ' i do think it 's important for myself and the company to recognise everyone 's anger and confusion surrounding this last week , though this does n't justify how others have perpetuated this or responded so maliciously . ' she has not provided evidence of her childcare or floor plan claims at time of publication . her remarks came during a devastating 24 hours for her business , with local publisher penguin books and a u.s. publishing house dumping ms gibson 's whole pantry recipe book . the book had been written in conjunction with her hugely successful app of the same name , which is set to feature on the apple watch . the app gained popularity after ms gibson claimed she warded off a terminal brain cancer diagnosis through diet and a holistic approach to life . but after close friends last week cast doubt on these claims , ms gibson herself admitted in an interview with the australian that an announcement last year that her cancer had spread to her liver , spleen , blood and uterus was a ' misdiagnosis ' . ms gibson explained why she today wiped all her remaining photos from her instagram account - some had already been removed - and had the whole pantry facebook page deleted . ' at the end of the day , i am a human being on the receiving end of comments , questions and emails and even if the public are used to a digital interaction with me , it does not warrant some of the recent responses , ' she said . the whole pantry was voted apple 's best food and drink app of 2013 and will feature on the apple watch . the technology giant did not respond to daily mail australia 's requests for comment on tuesday . she said the social media accounts were ' further encouraging interactions between those who were angry and encouraging personal data , information or other security-sensitive content to be shared or made light of . ' my son 's childcare details were posted online in the midst of this , so i 'm sure you can understand how unnecessary , concerning and threatening that is . ' ms gibson said the statement she was writing was taking ' longer than anticipated ' because of media requests and ' constantly arising issues ' , ' with the paramount focus being protecting the safety of myself and my son ' . victoria police told daily mail australia they visited an elwood home last tuesday evening ' as part of a welfare check . they left shortly after with nil concerns . ' some of ms gibson 's former followers have taken to social media to try to ' expose ' her - posting images of her drinking alcohol before she became a clean-living star and old claims about her battle with cancer . the belle gibson uncovered facebook page has been sharing images of her sipping beer . clean-living belle gibson , seen here with a pint in her hand , told the friends who have spoken out about her to ' make yourself invisible to me , and my life ' . the administrators of the belle gibson uncovered facebook page , which has been sharing images of her sipping beer and champagne and eating vegan doughnuts , said they are doing so because ms gibson ' fiercely censors the whole pantry facebook page ' . ' the reason is simple , to educate and inform the many people who have already commented on this page feeling betrayed , deceived and let down by someone who they trusted , ' they wrote . ' many people followed this person , they believed in her and some even abandoned conventional medicine in favour of embracing her lifestyle in desperate hope they could cure their illnesses . on monday afternoon , australian publisher penguin said it had been left with ' no other option ' but to stop supplying her book in australia . ' despite our best endeavours , penguin books has not received sufficient explanation from ms gibson , author of the whole pantry recipe book , in response to recent allegations , ' the comapny said in a statement . ' we remain hopeful that we will receive the formal assurances we have requested in the coming days . ms gibson has deleted thousands of photos and social media posts which directly reference her multiple cancer diagnoses , but an example of them - seen by daily mail australia - can be found below : back in july 2013 , ms gibson posted on the whole pantry facebook page : ' it 's unfortunate that there is someone on my instagram trying to discredit the natural healing path i am on . ' she went on to say : ' as always , with everything , this is my journey and i encourage you to do what is best for your body and situation with love and an open mind . ' i have been healing a severe and malignant brain cancer for the past few years with natural medicine , gerson therapy and foods . ' it 's working for me and i am grateful to be here sharing this journey with over 70,000 people worldwide . thank you for being here - xx belle . ' in a reference to her liver cancer , she posted on instagram under her account @ healing_belle , a photo of a pink smoothie enriched with ' extra support ' . ' this one is for my rash ( thanks , liver cancer ) , inflammation ( thanks flying ) and for general immunity . ' in another instagram post she wrote : ' going from 6 weeks to live , to celebrating my fourth year with brain cancer , i know now that respecting your own journey and intuitively healing , listening and living as your body , mind and path intended is staple . ' in july 2014 , she broke the news of further illness to her followers through an impassioned post to her personal instagram page . it read in part : ' with frustration and ache in my heart // my beautiful , gamechanging community , it hurts me to find space tonight to let you all know with love and strength that i 've been diagnosed with a third and fourth cancer . ' one is secondary and the other is primary . i have cancer in my blood , spleen , brain , uterus , and liver . i am hurting , ' ms gibson wrote . about 12 weeks after the initial post she followed up , revealing she was undergoing ' german integrative oncology protocol ' . the whole pantry ( pictured above , in cookbook form ) is also a popular app , which costs $ 3.79 to download . the app is slated to appear on the new apple watch .