roman abramovich has bought tel aviv’s varsano hotel for 100million israeli shekels ( £17.1m ) . the chelsea owner , who frequently visits tel aviv on business , is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home . covering 1,500 square metres , the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building . it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens . roman abramovich has bought tel aviv’s varsano hotel for £17.1million as he splashes out on the property . the chelsea owner frequently visits tel aviv on business and has splashed out on the luxury £17.1m property . the hotel complex , which abramovich bought , is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square meters . chelsea owner abramovich is buying the varsano hotel from local businessmen guy and yaron varsano . abramovich finally got his wish after trying to buy a home in the neve tzedek quarter of tel aviv since 2008 . the purchase includes an adjacent car park , which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building , and will enable abramovich to expand the premises . abramovich is buying the varsano hotel from local businessmen guy and yaron varsano - the latter is married to israeli and hollywood actress gal gadot ( superwoman ) . abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the fashionable neve tzedek quarter of tel aviv since 2008 when he had a $ 30m ( £20.5m ) bid for chelouche house , formerly the neighbourhood school , turned down . neve tzedek was built in the late 19th century north of jaffa , and links the ancient port to tel aviv’s financial district , which was built in 1906 . chelsea 's billionaire owner abramovich ( right ) pictured with his partner dasha zhukova previously . russian billionaire and owner of chelsea abramovich pictured with his girlfriend zhukova in may 2013 . abramovich owns five luxury homes and a mega-yacht as he continues to grow his impressive empire . until the 1980s the area was full of slum properties but in recent decades gentrification , together with the israeli high-tech start-up boom , have seen neve tzedek become one of israel’s most expensive quarters . businessman eyal kamir and real estate agent oren katz are understood to have brokered the deal , and tel aviv law firm yigal arnon & co acted on behalf of abramovich . journalists who phoned the varsano hotel were told that it is not taking any more bookings . abramovich and his wife dasha zhukova , who are both jewish , are frequent visitors to israel . only last year , abramovich made headlines by booking all 111 rooms in an israeli hotel in the negev desert to entertain his guests during the passover holiday , and over the past year he has invested in four israeli companies . now abramovich can host guests in his own hotel . what does the man who has everything get himself ? roman abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion ( £6.1bn ) but the russian tycoon is seemingly trying his best to get rid of it ... abramovich lives the luxury lifestyle , with a football club , mega-yachts and five mansions among his prized assets . here , sportsmail run through some of the billionaire 's best toys . chelsea football club . abramovich paid £140m for chelsea 12 years ago , and since then they have won 12 major honours including three barclays premier league titles and the champions league in 2012 . during his time at stamford bridge , abramovich has spent north of £840m on player transfers . his contribution has not gone unnoticed , and manager jose mourinho even thinks he has helped the sport : ' he has been good for chelsea , good for english football , good for european football . ' chelsea 's 1-0 win against queens park rangers last week was abramovich 's 700th game . chelsea owner abramovich is a regular at stamford bridge to see his team play in the premier league . abramovich is worth more than $ 9billion ( £6.1bn ) and has splashed out on a new luxury israeli home . a £1.5billion mega-yacht ... twice the length of a football pitch ! bigger is most definitely always better - when it comes to mega-yachts , that is . abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins , two helicopter pads , a missile defence system , a cinema - and it is the second-largest in the world . the boat named eclipse was recently docked in germany to undergo renovations in february . pictured at hamburg 's blohm voss shipbuilders where it was originally built in 2010 and 2011 , the ship was placed into a dry dock for work , though it 's difficult to imagine what it is lacking ! abramovich 's boat named eclipse was recently docked in germany to undergo renovations in february . abramovich 's 557ft luxury yacht features a mini-submarine , two swimming pools , 30 cabins and a cinema . abramovich 's yacht was at hamburg 's blohm voss shipbuilders where it was once built in 2010 and 2011 . not one , not two , but five luxury homes ! abramovich owns five mansions . one each in kensington , st. barts , colorado , moscow or israel , so he is always just a private jet ride away from a luxury weekend somewhere new . and not only that , each home is as luxurious as the last . take his home in kensington palace garden in west london , for example . this property was bought in 2011 , and is understood to be worth more than £90m . he turned his attention to adding to it immediately after , requesting permission to transform the property and extend its garden . it was reported he wanted to create two new underground storeys - which would have been used so he and partner dasha zhukova could store part of their fabulous art collection there . it has been labelled as among the most expensive residences on britain 's most expensive street , and is everything an eccentric billionaire needs . chelsea owner abramovich owns five mansions in kensington , st. barts , colorado , moscow or israel .