a football fan has triggered a furious row after posting a picture of two muslim men praying at a premier league stadium and labelling it a ‘disgrace’ . stephen dodd tweeted a picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula worshipping on their knees in a stairwell of liverpool’s anfield ground . he added the caption : ‘ muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday # disgrace . ’ fury : stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month . mr dodd’s post , made after liverpool took on blackburn rovers in the fa cup last month , was met with widespread condemnation on social media , with users branding him a ‘bigot’ and ‘ disgrace to humanity’ . the tweet was reported to police , who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place . they have referred the matter back to the club . last night , liverpool promised to take ‘ appropriate action’ against the supporter . it is not known if mr dodd is a season ticket holder , but he could have this revoked or be banned from future matches . yesterday mr bodi , 46 , a solicitor from preston , told the daily mail that it was not the first time he had prayed at a match . backlash : dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of liverpool . ‘ it only takes a few minutes and this time it was during half-time that we needed to pray , ’ the lawyer said . ‘ we have a small window in which to pray . that day , the time came for prayer and the window would have closed before the game finished so we did it at half-time . campaigners have called for football clubs to install prayer rooms so muslim fans can pray in peace and avoid the possibility of anti-islamic abuse . fiyaz mughal , who runs islamophobia hotline tell mama , suggested that stadiums should have a 'multi-faith prayer room ' in their stadiums . he told mailonline : ' we are aware of incidents where practising muslims have been abused since they have decided to quietly pray in public areas during half-time breaks . ' given that people want to peacefully pray , we would suggest that clubs consider making a prayer room available for those fans who want to do so . ' the prayer room just has to be a space that is clean and where people can spend about 10 minutes praying and which is available through the match . ' it also can be listed as a multi-faith prayer room so that other faiths who want to use it , can do so . ' currently both blackburn rovers and bolton wanderers have prayer rooms at their stadiums for the use of fans . the rooms are non-demoninational and can be used by fans of any religion , but are more likely to be used by muslims because they must pray at fixed times during the day . newcastle united has also built a prayer room at its training ground because there are a number of muslim footballers playing at the club . ' most people are absolutely fine with it and the stewards at anfield are wonderful , but it only takes one or two people to react in the wrong way and you could have a nasty situation . ’ muslims are required to pray five times each day – between dawn and sunrise ; at midday when the sun passes its highest point ; in the late afternoon ; just after sunset ; and around nightfall . because prayer times are based on the movements of the sun they differ from place to place . liverpool’s fa cup quarter-final against blackburn kicked off at 4pm , meaning mr bodi and mr bhula had to say their afternoon prayers at half-time , as the window of opportunity closed before the end of the game . mr bodi , whose eight-year-old son ayman can also be seen in mr dodd’s photo , added : ‘ my little boy said at the time “ someone is taking a picture of us” and i thought maybe it was someone who hadn’t seen prayers before . i certainly didn’t expect to be called a disgrace for doing it . ‘ but this guy wasn’t abusive to us and the support since has been very nice , i’m thankful . ‘i’ve supported liverpool for 40 years and i used to be a season ticket holder . from what i understand this guy doesn’t live too far from the ground and is probably a boyhood fan , so i wouldn’t want him excluded from the ground or anything . ‘ he should be given a talking to and made to go on an awareness course or educating . ’ mr bhula , 37 , who is also a solicitor , said he would happily meet with mr dodd to explain the importance of prayers in islam . he added : ‘ education is key to stopping things like this from happening . maybe the man who took the photo has not come across muslims before who have explained the significance of prayer . i would be quite happy to meet with him to explain why we pray and when it needs to be done . ’ in a statement , liverpool said discrimination would not be tolerated at the club and it would ‘ take appropriate action against the individual involved’ . in 2013 , a group of west ham supporters were abused by onlooking fans because they were praying behind the main stand at upton park during a match . match : the incident took place when liverpool were playing blackburn rovers at anfield in march .