argentina beat ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight copa america warm-up victory without lionel messi at a freezing metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday . gerardo martino 's argentina , with captain messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury , had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington on saturday . they went in front after eight minutes on tuesday when midfielder javier pastore glanced an angel di maria corner towards the far post where striker sergio aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since argentina beat germany 4-2 in a friendly last september . manchester city forward sergio aguero celebrates his goal in argentina 's 2-1 win on tuesday night . javier pastore celebrates after scoring argentina 's winner in tuesday night 's 2-1 success over ecuador . pastore celebrates with manchester united defender marcos rojo after scoring the winning goal . manchester city forward sergio aguero had opened the scoring for argentina at the metlife stadium . fans celebrate aguero 's opener during the first-half as argentina continued their copa america preparations . argentina : romero , otamendi , rojo , roncaglia , garay , di maria ( lavezzi 79 ) , pastore ( banega 79 ) , biglia , mascherano , mancuello ( pereyra 46 ) , aguero ( tevez 75 ) . substitutes not used : rulli , guzman , orban , musacchio , zabaleta , ramiro funes mori , rodriguez , messi , higuain . scorers : aguero 8 ; pastore 58 . ecuador : dominguez , erazo , w. ayovi , paredes , achiller , mena , lastra ( gruezo 65 ) , bolanos , noboa , ibarra ( martinez 85 ) , caicedo ( j. ayovi 70 ) . substitutes not used : azcona , dreer , pineida , bagui , arboleda , mina , larrea , valencia , montrero , rojas . scorer : bolanos 24 . booked : bolanos . referee : s. petrescu . ecuador equalised midway through the first half when a mistake in the centre of the argentina defence allowed left back walter ayovi to square to miller bolanos in the box and the striker shot low past sergio romero . pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to tap the ball under goalkeeper alexander dominguez . ' i thought this was a pretty good argentina in general terms though we have a lot to work on with our coordination , ' martino told reporters . ' messi is having trouble getting his boot on because of the pain , there 's no way he could play . ' the match , which began in a sleet storm and was played in temperatures barely above freezing , was gustavo quinteros 's second in charge of ecuador while defender ayovi won his 100th cap . mexico , who beat ecuador on friday , also had their second consecutive win by beating paraguay with a goal from eduardo herrera in the third minute at the arrowhead in kansas city . sergio aguero ( left ) , sergio romero ( centre ) and angel di maria stand in the snow during the warm-up . javier mascherano almost kicks ecuador 's miller bolanos in the face as he goes for the ball . nicolas otamendi tries to control a bouncing ball ahead of ecuador 's renato ibarra . javier pastore is challenged by osbaldo lastra during the friendly international in new jersey . marcos rojo ( no 16 ) and ecuador duo gabriel achiller ( no 21 ) and osbaldo lastra protest a decision . sergio aguero carries the ball forward as he tries to instigate another attack for argentina . it was paraguay coach ramon diaz 's second match in charge . peru , playing under new coach ricardo gareca for the first time , went down 1-0 to venezuela at lockhart stadium in florida , josef martinez scoring the winner . venezuela had lost 2-1 to jamaica on friday . 