there at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy – and now nasa officials claim we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . during a talk in washington today , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , said . scroll down for video . during a talk today , nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , ( pictured ) at a washington panel discussion . ' we know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' jeffery newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ' it 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ' we are not talking about little green men , ' stofan said . ' we are talking about little microbes . ' the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places . jim green , director of planetary science at nasa , noted that a recent study of the martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . scientists using the hubble recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter 's moon ganymede ( pictured ) has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . the same study found that water had been present on the red planet for up to 1.2 billion year . ' we think that long period of time is necessary for life to get more complex , ' stofan said . nasa associate administrator john grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond earth may take . in their hunt for alien life , astronomers have so far focused on looking for earth-like planets around smaller , cooler suns . but these exoplanets - despite having a chance of holding water - are believed to be locked in a rotation around their sun which causes only one side of their surface face the star . now astronomers claim that such exoplanets actually rotate around their stars , and spin at such a speed that they exhibit a day-night cycle similar to earth – increasing the chance of finding alien life . planets with potential oceans could have a climate that is much more similar to earth 's than previously expected , ' said jérémy leconte , a postdoctoral fellow at the canadian institute for theoretical astrophysics ( cita ) at the university of toronto . ' if we are correct , there is no permanent , cold night side on exoplanets causing water to remain trapped in a gigantic ice sheet , ' he said . ' whether this new understanding of exoplanets ' climate increases the ability of these planets to develop life remains an open question . ' ' once we get beyond mars , which formed from the same stuff as earth , the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low , ' he said . ' i think we 're one generation away in our solar system , whether it 's on an icy moon or on mars , and one generation [ away ] on a planet around a nearby star . scientists using the hubble recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter 's moon ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . jupiter 's moon europa and saturn 's satellite enceladus are also thought to have an ocean of liquid water beneath their surface in contact with mineral-rich rock . this , according to nasa , means they may have the three ingredients needed for life as we know it . ' the science community is making enormous progress , ' said green . ' and i 've told my team i 'm planning to be the director of planetary science when we discover life in the solar system . at the same conference last year , nasa administrator charles bolden made a more conservative estimate . he claimed that we will find life within the next 20 years - with a high chance it will be outside our solar system . nasa next mars rover , scheduled to launch in 2020 , will search for signs of past life and bring samples for a possible return to earth for analysis . new horizons took this image of the icy moon europa rising above jupiter 's cloud tops . the space agency is planning a mission to europa , which may launch as early as 2022 , to find out whether the moon is habitable . nasa also hopes to land astronauts on mars in the 2030s , which stofan says is crucial key to the search for mars life . ' i 'm a field geologist ; i go out and break open rocks and look for fossils , ' stofan said . ' those are hard to find . ' so i have a bias that it 's eventually going to take humans on the surface of mars — field geologists , astrobiologists , chemists — actually out there looking for that good evidence of life that we can bring back to earth for all the scientists to argue about . ' the space agency is also planning a mission to europa , which may launch as early as 2022 . it hopes to find out whether the icy moon is habitable . meanwhile , the agency 's james webb space telescope ( jwst ) , will launch in 2018 to scope out the atmospheres of nearby 'super-earth ' alien planets .