liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign , with new balance taking over in supplying the merseyside club . it ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by warrior where , despite a string of smart home strips , away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre . so as reds fans give verdict on the new liverpool kit , sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years . of course there are many to choose from so let us know your favourite strips from the merseyside club in the comments section at the bottom . liverpool stars unveiled the club 's new kit to fans at anfield on friday with new balance supplying the strip . home kit ( 1983-1985 ) liverpool 's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against roma in the 1984 european cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status . liverpool 's stars ( left-to-right ) michael robinson , graeme souness , david hodgson , phil neal , mark lawrenson , sammy lee and craig johnston celebrate with the european cup after beating roma in 1984 . liverpool 's graeme souness scores the winning goal , as everton 's kevin ratcliffe can only watch on in a 1984 league cup final replay . crown paints did not feature on the shirt in that year 's european cup final . home kit ( 1995-1996 ) a 1996 title fight just was n't quite in reach for liverpool in the end , but their adidas strip from that year has found its place in history after being involved in of the premier league 's greatest ever games in the 4-3 win over newcastle . or as tv commentator martin tyler might say : ' barnes , rush , barnes , still john barnes , collymore closing in ! ' stan collymore sees a shot saved by manchester united keeper peter schmeichel ( left ) but was on target later on in the season against newcastle united in a thrilling premier league match . liverpool 's neil ruddock ( left ) makes a challenge on newcastle united 's faustino asprilla as jamie redknapp jumps in to help his reds team-mate during a 1996 premier league clash . away kit ( 2000-2001 ) it was the year liverpool were up for the cup ... three of them in fact . sure enough liverpool looked smart on all fronts in their yellow strip when they came from behind to defeat arsenal in the 2001 fa cup final , with the season also seeing the reds win the league cup and uefa cup . jamie redknapp lifts the 2001 fa cup for liverpool after the reds ' 2-1 victory over arsenal as michael owen ( left-to-right ) sami hyypia , robbie fowler and sander westerveld celebrate . liverpool 's steven gerrard attempts to steal possession off arsenal 's sylvain wiltord during the 2001 fa cup final at the millennium stadium which the reds won 2-1 . owen ( 10 ) celebrates scoring the winning goal in the final along with emile heskey ( left ) , gerrard and fowler . home kit ( 2004-2005 ) a winning kit is always memorable , and there wo n't be many liverpool triumphs more memorable than the 2005 champions league final , where steven gerrard inspired the reds to a famous win over ac milan in istanbul . a good day for the reds ... and kit manufactures reebok . steven gerrard and liverpool manager rafael benitez lift the trophy after winning the 2005 champions league . liverpool defenders jamie carragher ( left ) and john arne riise celebrate the 3-2 penalty shoot-out victory over ac milan in the 2005 champions league final . liverpool drew 3-3 with milan in istanbul but triumphed on spot-kicks to win their fifth european cup . carragher ( left-to-right ) , luis garcia , hyypia , riise , gerrard , djibril cisse and xabi alonso celebrate the win . away kit ( 2008-2009 ) for the first time in a long time liverpool liked they could win their first premier league title during 2008-09 but although their challenge melted away , they did record a stunning 4-1 win at eventual champions manchester united wearing a grey kit inspired from the late 1980s . rolling back the years ... fernando torres shrugs off the attention of manchester united defender nemanja vidic before equalising for liverpool at old trafford in a march 2009 premier league clash . albert reira , torres , gerrard and dirk kuyt celebrate as the liverpool captain 's penalty gave them the lead at old trafford before going on to record an emphatic 4-1 triumph .