the saviour of english football turns out to be a long-haired argentinian who tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals . mauricio pochettino , 43 , who has long since lost the flowing locks in favour of something a little more in keeping with his managerial status , has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . it is not just his coaching which is admired . he is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play , as exclusive research by the mail on sunday proves . mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent . the argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . andros townsend ( second left ) celebrates his goal for england alongside his young tottenham team-mates . in the week in which four of his young tottenham players — harry kane , andros townsend , ryan mason and kyle walker — all played for england , mason has paid tribute to the impact the argentine has had on the english game . a year ago an england debut was the last thing on mason’s mind . after spending the previous season on loan at swindon and unused by tottenham , he feared he would have to leave the club . ‘ i was in the last two years of my contract and getting to that age when if it didn’t happen this season , i probably would look to leave , ’ said mason . but , when tim sherwood was replaced by pochettino , 23-year-old mason had reasons to be cheerful . ‘ at the start of the season i was looking forward to it because of what the gaffer did at southampton and his record of bringing young players through , ’ he said . ( left-right ) ryan mason , kyle walker , townsend and harry kane celebrate in the game against italy . mason made his debut for england against italy in midweek after breaking into the spurs team this season . which managers have the most faith in young , english talent ? the mail on sunday looked at premier league clubs in the past three years ( since the start of the 2012-13 season ) to see where homegrown talent was getting the most opportunities to play . after counting the amount of league starts handed out by each manager to english players aged under 23 , the percentage of each manager’s total starting selections shows that mauricio pochettino ( below ) , of active bosses , backs young talent most . this table shows the top 10 and bottom six managers ( out of 42 ) , showing their total player selections and games , and the percentage of all starters who fit our ‘ young and english’ criteria . and three chelsea managers make up the bottom three . pochettino’s record of sticking by english players such as rickie lambert , adam lallana and jay rodriguez , and backing youngsters such as luke shaw , calum chambers and james ward-prowse in the southampton first team , struck a chord with mason and his peers . the argentine is a godsend for fa chairman greg dyke , whose commission is attempting to find ways to nudge more managers into playing their young english players rather than rely on often mediocre , imported talent . ‘ he is honest and picks the team on how you’re training , ’ said mason of his manager . ‘ and if you are in the team and doing well then you’re staying there . it’s brilliant for young players as he gives you that opportunity . ’ mason , kane and walker were quick to congratulate their team-mate townsend on scoring england’s spectacular equaliser in the 1-1 draw with italy . only walker is not from the spurs academy , having joined from sheffield united at 19 . mason’s girlfriend , rachel , has had a copy of the turin celebration photo framed for his living room . another man who enjoyed pochettino’s support may soon be joining those four in the england squad . ward-prowse , 20 , who scored the winner for england under 21s against germany on monday and who should be a key player at the european championship this summer , is likely to be promoted to the senior squad when that tournament in the czech republic is over . james ward-prowse ( right ) of southampton could be another to soon join them in the england squad . england boss roy hodgson admitted 20-year-old ward-prowse is another player currently in their thoughts . ryan mason’s parents missed his england debut as high winds caused their flight to italy to be cancelled . they made a failed last-minute dash to get to the match via germany but didn’t make it to turin in time . spurs’ mason , who plays at burnley today , said : ‘ they were devastated . ’ ‘ we like him , ’ said england manager roy hodgson . ‘we’ve kept our hands off him simply because of the under 21s but we know he’s a big prospect and the moment he comes back from the czech republic he’ll be very much in our thoughts . ’ mason believes more youngsters would come through if managers were willing to take a chance on the likes of him . ‘ the germans and spanish are not better than us technically , ’ he said . ‘ but they get given the opportunity younger in their league , so they get the chance to come and play in the premier league . i understand there is a lot of pressure on managers to get instant results . but english players know the league . and there is plenty of talent out there . if english players can start coming through it will benefit our national team . ’ it should also benefit the clubs , especially the elite . with the majority of the world’s best players emerging from south america , spain and germany , those players are likely to aspire to play for real madrid , barcelona and bayern munich . premier league clubs can not expect to match those european giants unless the english game produces a foundation of top talent . but the mail on sunday research demonstrates just which clubs and , more importantly , which managers are prepared to take a risk on young english talent . the acid test is whether a manager will start a player in a premier league game . using that criterion and then listing which managers have started with english players under the age of 23 in the past three seasons , pochettino emerges as the champion of the english among current premier league bosses . norwegian ole gunnar solskjaer did his bit during his admittedly unsuccessful time at cardiff . but two scottish managers , alan irvine and malky mackay , also feature high in our league table , as does northern irishman brendan rodgers and , perhaps surprisingly , portuguese andre villas-boas . ole gunnar solskjaer did his bit for homegrown development during his unsuccessful time at cardiff . former west brom boss alan irvine also did before his dismissal at the hawthorns . when the figures are broken down club by club , southampton , liverpool and arsenal are top of the league , with chelsea bottom . in fact , chelsea have not started an under 23 player qualified to play for england since ryan bertrand and sam hutchinson played on the last day of the 2011-12 season against blackburn , a few months before they turned 23 . because of the lack of english youngsters available to them , chelsea managers jose mourinho , rafael benitez and roberto di matteo are bottom of the managerial table . perhaps the emergence of patrick bamford , on loan at middlesbrough , or highly rated dominic solanke will change that next term . patrick bamford is currently on loan from chelsea at championship side middlesbrough . dominic solanke is another player impressing at england youth level in chelsea 's setup . the irony is that chelsea have the best youth set-up in the country , having won the fa youth cup three times in the past five years — and they are in the final again this year . manuel pellegrini is also near the bottom of the managerial table . jack rodwell , now at sunderland , is the only englishman under 23 pellegrini has ever fielded during his time at manchester city . but the issue is clearly more complex than simply pointing the finger at foreign-owned , big-spending clubs . stoke city , owned by one of england’s most passionate supporters in peter coates , are near the bottom of the table , as is hull city manager steve bruce . so quite where mason and his like would be without argentinian support is open to question . pochettino , it appears , is already doing more to change the culture of english football than any commission or directive . 