marylin stoneman , pictured leaving court , stole more than £22,000 from her vulnerable victim to fund her gambling addiction . a gambling addict stole more than £22,000 from her grandmother 's 98-year-old partner to blow on her scratchcard habit , a court heard . marylin stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at cedar house , rothley . but the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit . the 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds . the theft was discovered after the deputy manager of the care home became suspicious that stoneman 's step-grandfather , douglas woodrow , was receiving a number of letters from the bank . on august 19 , he asked a member of staff to open one of the letters which indicated the victim had no money left in his accounts . the care home alerted lloyds bank in loughborough , where they noticed unauthorised cash withdrawals had taken place from july 2013 and the police were contacted . leicester crown court heard that stoneman was ' solely responsible ' and ' had been waiting for the police . ' she had also taken an overdose as a result , the court heard . the devastated victim , who had gone into the care home in leicestershire after a number of falls , said he felt angry and betrayed by stoneman . in a statement read to the court , mr woodrow said : ' she has stole money from my bank account which is my life savings . it is what i have paid for my care . ' i am so angry she has taken everything . i am angry at everyone . it has really hurt me . ' i have worked hard all my life to be left with nothing . ' i ca n't trust anyone . ' defending stoneman , who has no previous convictions , vasanti vaitha said : ' it was a relief when the police knocked on the door . she had been waiting for it for a long time . ' she does take full responsibility - and realises the impact it has had on the family . stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's financial affairs after he went into care at cedar house , rothley . ' this offence occurred from a gambling addiction while she was looking after the victim 's finances . her gambling spiralled out of control . ' she tried to take her own life . ' judge michael fowler said : ' i know you understand the meanness and seriousness of what you have done . ' it is more serious that mr woodrow trusted you . and the fact the funds you took were funds he had accumulated over his life and depended on them to some extent to pay for his care home fees . ' i ca n't ignore the fact that addictions do exist and there is no other motivation . ' she was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work and be part of a supervision requirement for 18 months . the judge also stated that £1,350 would be confiscated for compensation and any sums recovered in the future should be paid to mr woodrow . stoneman was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work at leicester crown court .