glowing tributes were paid yesterday to cricketing legend richie benaud , after his death at 84 from skin cancer . at lord’s , mcc flags were lowered , and the australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a test series as his country’s captain , then became a commentator . david cameron said he had ‘ grown up listening to richie benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’ , while his australian counterpart tony abbott called it ‘ a sad day for australia’ . retiring as a player in 1964 , benaud’s masterful analysis was universally revered . here , we reproduce a tribute paid by the mail’s brilliant sports columnist ian wooldridge — which he wrote in 2005 after coverage of live international cricket in england switched from terrestrial to satellite tv , depriving cricket fans of benaud’s voice . . . richie benaud in the commentary box at the oval for the final test of the 2005 ashes . thereafter international cricket fans in england lost his genius when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite tv . so it is farewell , then , to the master of measured words . richie benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket’s finest commentator . that is not merely my judgment . a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes . precisely 10,128 of them nominated benaud as the best . fortunately , he does not leave us without a word or several of advice to those who seek to emulate his success , particularly retired players whose agents deem them instantly equipped to pick up a microphone and irritate us with an effluent of tower of babel verbiage . he does so in a valedictory book which is an encyclopaedia of broadcasting wisdom . he names no names . he is too polite for that . nor is there a hint of the tetchiness that occasionally afflicts icons in their pensionable years . at 74 , benaud is still as fit as a flea , the result of a lifestyle as measured as his commentating . yes , there are rare occasions when he will let down his hair with the rest of us , but when serious business is afoot he will rise from an increasingly raucous dinner party , check his watch that it is exactly 10pm and announce : ‘ thank you very much . we’re off . ’ at sunrise next morning , he and daphne , his elegant and unfailingly supportive english wife , will be striding out on their three-mile constitutional . benaud representing australia in 1961 . he led his country as captain in 28 of his 63 tests and never lost a series . he is meticulous in all things . on tv commentary days , even daphne is not allowed to iron his shirts . he presses them himself . he is a food faddist , preparing his test match lunch boxes at home to be certain of what he is eating . once , he took a week-long course in italy to learn how to cook pasta to perfection . his desks at his homes in london , south of france and sydney are polished plateaux of precision , his reference-book shelves indexed for instant reach . it is this unrelenting self-discipline , instilled by a schoolmaster and great club cricketer father and a lovely mother — there is a gorgeous picture of her celebrating her 100th birthday with richie and his test cricketer brother john in the book — that launched him into his dual career life . the first , of course , was in cricket , where to haul oneself from school , to club , to state , the australian team and then its captaincy was a classic climb . benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 tests and never lost a series . such was his cunning as a wrist-spinner that his batsmanship was often overlooked . in fact , he became the first , in an era when far fewer tests were played , to scale the double of 200 wickets and 2,000 runs . but what next ? all of seven years before he retired from cricket , benaud wondered if there could be a distant future in the communication industry . there was little doubt about that since he had been a young crime reporter on a sydney newspaper , where sub-editors ruthlessly deleted from his copy any flowery phrases which he thought rather good but were irrelevant to the story . it was an important lesson . then a curious opportunity , which couldn’t happen in today’s schedules , presented itself . at the end of australia’s 1956 tour to england , all their players were given three weeks off to enjoy such fleshpots of relaxation as they could discover in the british isles . australian captain richie benaud takes on the mcc in the first innings at brisbane on december 5 , 1958 . benaud proceeded otherwise . at his own expense he moved from the kensington palace hotel into a cramped lower ground room in the rac club in pall mall and took a bbc television training course , alongside directors , commentators , even audiences , to learn how television worked . he trailed peter o’sullevan at newbury and he studied the commentating techniques of henry longhurst on golf and dan maskell on tennis . all three had their idiosyncrasies , but one thing they had in common . o’sullevan , voice rising to overdrive at the climax of a horse race , was circumspect about collateral chatter , just as longhurst and ‘ oh i say’ maskell knew the value of golden silence . indeed , one of longhurst’s silences was so long that his director asked over the private intercom : ‘ excuse me , henry , but are you still alive ? ’ benaud now says : ‘ i didn’t know if i had a future in broadcasting . if i hadn’t done that bbc course my life would have been very different , even though i had to wait for seven years for my chance . ‘ the key feature it taught me was the economy of words . never insult the viewers by telling them what they have seen perfectly clearly themselves . only add to it if you had something pertinent to say . ’ benaud rings the bell on the pavilion balcony on the second day of the second test between england and australia at lord 's during the 2009 ashes . these days if only . has he ever made a bloomer ? of course , like all of us , he has . on one celebrated occasion , handing over from a test match for a news update from moira stuart , he called her moira shearer , the celebrated ballerina who had starred in an acclaimed film . when moira stuart handed back he said : ‘ thanks , moira , our newsreader wearing red shoes . ’ many , who had not heard his initial blunder , wondered what on earth he was on about . ‘ at the time , ’ he recalls , ‘ i thought it was a pretty clever remark , but many tuning in at that moment had no idea what it meant . it taught me never to be such a smart-arse again . ’ laconic , economic , massively instructive and with a dry impartial wit about whoever is getting the upper hand in a test match , i wonder if we shall ever hear his like again on television ? many are called and surprisingly many are given the opportunity behind the microphone . very few have served the slogging apprenticeship that makes a master cricket commentator . 