a milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the eu to scrap quotas restricting production . a milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the eu to scrap quotas restricting production . the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . the move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like ireland , germany and the netherlands , who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the uk . as a result , a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out , bringing down the price for consumers . however , british farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down , which will be particularly difficult for smaller family businesses . milk quotas were introduced in 1984 to address the oversupply during the late 1970s and early 1980s that had led to the infamous milk lakes and butter mountains . farmers who produced above their quota were hit with punishing cash penalties . the new free-for-all will promote dairy factory farms , where super-size holstein cows have been bred to produce more milk than any calf could drink in order to cut production costs . the industrialisation of dairy farming has seen the number of uk farms producing milk fall from 50,000 to 14,116 over the last 30 years . at the same time the average herd has risen from 64 cows to 134 . the average milk production from holstein dairy cows , which have been labelled ‘ udders on legs’ , has risen by 55per cent to 7,327 litres per animal per year – around 12,900 pints . in some cases this has been done through selective breeding programmes designed to create supersize cows , which are bulked up with high protein feed and kept inside for much of the year in what are known as ‘ zero grazing’ barns . dairy farmers have been under severe pressure in the past year as the result of a global glut in milk and a supermarket price war that drove down the price of a pint , making it cheaper than some bottled water . some dairy processors have starting to raise farm gate prices recently , however farmers remain concerned the end of quotas could bring enormous price swings . chairman of the dairy board at the national farmers’ union , rob harrison , has urged all eu countries to act responsibly and collectively in order to manage future volatility . mr harrison said : ‘ farmers and dairy processors here do have some concerns about how other eu countries will react to the ending of quotas . ‘ some are rapidly increasing their output without an end market for these goods . with milk prices yet to show any strong signs of recovery , this could push farmgate milk prices down further in the eu , and stall any recovery in the dairy markets . ‘it’s vital that expansion in any member state is planned in accordance with available market opportunities . ’ dairy farmers have been under severe pressure in the past year as the result of a global glut in milk and a supermarket price war that drove down the price of a pint , making it cheaper than some bottled water . mr harrison said the new freedom could allow british dairy farmers , who are particularly efficient , to win new sales in europe and around the world , particularly the far east . he said : ‘ we also need uk dairy processors to recognise and promote potential markets both at home and abroad and look to develop new products such as sports drinks . ’ the idea of milk being promoted as a sports drink has been given credence by coca-cola , which has recently launched its own brand of milk in the united states . the new fairlife milk costs more than twice as much as regular milk , but the firm believes consumers will pay more on the basis it contains 50per cent more protein and half the sugar . earlier this week , some european farmer groups mounted a protest over the changes outside the european parliament in brussels , which involved a funeral march the lighting of a warning fire . the european milk board , a federation of dairy farmers with member organisations from 13 countries , said it was likely that the market would not be able to cope with significantly expanded production in a reasonable way . its president , romuald schaber , said the changes are a particular threat to small dairy farmers , who tend to have higher costs . ‘ chronic price collapses are inevitable , the next crisis is on its way , ’ he said . ‘ prices will be rock-bottom , as europe’s farmers will have even less market power to achieve a cost-covering milk price in the future . ’ maria heubuch , an mep for the greens , warned about the loss of small farmers . ‘ europe could see more factory farms with 1,000 , 2,000 or even 5,000 cows , merely providing raw materials for the industry , ’ she said . the european dairy association , which represents milk processors , has backed the end of quotas . its secretary general , alexander anton , said : ‘ it goes without saying that the end of the quota will lower the administrative burden on all levels . this will naturally further enhance the competitiveness of the whole sector . ’ irish dairy farmers have embarked on a massive expansion plan and will be looking to make big in-roads to the british market . a study by the irish farmers association ( ifa ) estimated the ending of quotas would create 9,500 extra jobs in ireland , and at least 1.3 billion euros ( £950m ) in extra exports . while productions restrictions have been scrapped , the eu will provide a safety net for dairy farmers . brussels will have the power to buy-in butter and skimmed milk powder at a guaranteed figure if there is over-supply , which will shore up the price .