the federal government has pledged to scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits in an attempt to crackdown on parents who choose not to vaccinate their children . under the tough new ' no jab , no pay ' laws , social services minister scott morrison has announced on sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ' personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 . meanwhile , families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7,500-a-year childcare rebate , $ 200-a-week childcare benefit and the $ 726 family tax benefit part a end of year supplement . scroll down for video . the government has announced they will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids . the ' conscientious objector ' exemption on children 's vaccination has been effective since the howard government , but after meeting with religious organisations , mr morrison said payments will be cut off if parents do n't immunise their kids . ' we have had discussions with the church of christ , scientist and have formed the view that this exemption is no longer current or necessary and will therefore be removed , ' minister morrison said . ' having been informed the religion is not advising members to avoid vaccinating their children and following engagement with members , the government no longer sees that the exemption is current and the authorisation for this exemption has been withdrawn . ' having resolved this outstanding matter the government will not be receiving nor authorising any further vaccination exemption applications from religious organisations . ' the only authorised exemption from being required to have children immunised in order to receive benefits is on medical grounds . ' while parents have the right to decide to not vaccinate their children , if they are doing so as a vaccination objector , they are no longer eligible for assistance from the australian government . ' minister for social services scott morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits . parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child . the announcement comes after mr morrison said while immunising children against deadly diseases protects the wider society , it should be a prerequisite to receive tax payer money . ' we 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters , ' he said . ' and in fact , you know , those parents have taken decisions to immunise their children , and that 's obviously the sensible thing to do . we 're a free country , and we 're for free society , but that does n't mean you get to take taxpayers ' money if you do n't want to go along with the rules . ' while doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated , some immunisation experts are worried the move wo n't bolster immunisation rates . currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated . currently around 39,000 australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases . 