it looks like your typical outback fibro home , tin roof and all , but this property which is currently for sale is now at the centre of one of australia 's most chilling murder mysteries . for days now , detectives have swarmed over three bedroom leeton home where stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke . in a rare scene of frantic activity on this peaceful suburban street , home to families and pensioners , investigators clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on thursday evening . detectives had first arrived at the property on wednesday night speaking to two occupants before mr stanford arrived home and charged after investigators discovered discrepancies in his alibi . police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner 's toyota hilux , a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to ms scott inside the property itself . neighbours told daily mail australia the stanford family have lived at the property , which is on the market for $ 179,000 , for ' around 13 months ' . gail scanlan , who lives next-door , said they would regularly chat to the ' beautifully manner ' but quiet mr stanford over the backyard fence . scroll down for video . this leeton property looks like your typical outback home , tin roof and all , and now this property is now at the centre of the stephanie scott murder investigation . the back door of the stanford family home was left permanently ajar as investigators swarmed the property in a quiet leeton street on thursday . investigators lumped various items of interest next to a van in the fibro property 's backyard . clad in blue forensic services overalls , detectives were pictured hauling large bags containing items of interest into a waiting police vehicle . one of the recycling bins out the back of the home was pictured toppled over as police swarmed the property on thursday evening . on monday evening - the night after the alleged murder - neighbours said stanford told them he had waved and said he had been ' busy ' as he hung out his washing on their hills hoist , fairfax media reported . daily mail australia understands the family have been renting the property , which was constructed in 1960 . an advertisement published on the domain property website touted the positive features of purchasing the three-bedroom home , targeted at potential buyers looking to escape the rental market . ' why burn your money ? rent money is dead money & for just a small deposit & repayments close to your monthly rent we can move you into this maiden avenue home without a fuss . ' boasting three bedrooms , separate lounge , dining & tv room plus evaporative air conditioning & two wood heaters this home is sure to please . inspection anytime . ' inside the property : the stanford home 's laundry shows signs of wear-and-tear , with uneven tiling and white painted walls featuring signs of dirt and wear-and-tear . privacy and warmth : the family home allows privacy for its occupants , with flowing red drapes and two wood heaters for families to enjoy . much of the property , built in 1960 , features wooden floorboards . a second family room features yet another wood burner . this autumn , temperatures have already reached lows of 10 degrees celsius during the cold nights in recent days . large trees out the front of the home provide shade for officers as they continue to raid the property . ' this home is sure to please ' : this is the property where police arrested vincent stanford on wednesday night , accused of the murder of bride-to-be stephanie scott . one of the family bedrooms features full-length mirror wardrobe and a window for occupants to gaze outside . the modest property shows signs of age and wear-and-tear . white paint appears chipped and dirty on the walls of the laundry , where the stanford family does their washing in two large stainless steel basin . like many properties in the street , large trees cast shade on the front patio and long , flowing curtains provide a bit of privacy from passers-by . the family room features long red flowing curtains to keep the sun out . a large fireplace is the most prominent feature of the tv room , with the floor covered in drab gray carpeting lining up to wooden floorboards in the property 's kitchen . an aged lime-green counter sits atop wooden cupboards and a simple stove where the stanford family would whip up breakfast and dinner . the backyard is spacious and stretches back to a long , tin fence , over which the stanfords often make small-talk with their neighbours and relax in the sunshine . one of their bins was pictured toppled over on thursday , as police continued their investigations behind a thick white-and-blue line of police tape . on friday morning , media watched as police stationed in two paddy-wagons kept an eye on the property . an aged lime-green counter sits atop wooden cupboards and a simple stove where the stanford family would whip up breakfast and dinner . vincent stanford a . the home , built in 1960 , shows some signs of wear and tear , including flaky white paint . blue tiles on the floor with a small window for air , this is the bathroom of the stanford family property . washing site : mr stanford told neighbours over his fence he had been ' busy ' as he hung out his clothes on his hills hoist . search : police and state emergency service volunteers are scouring irrigation channels near leeton for stephanie scott 's body .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .