it is still der klassiker - but not quite as we know it . the fierce rivalry between bayern munich and borussia dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade , reaching its crescendo when the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley . for a while , der klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football . briefly , it carried as much relevance on the continental stage as el clasico between barcelona and real madrid - maybe even more . pierre-emerick aubameyang of borussia dortmund looks dejected after robert lewandowski of bayern munich scored an equaliser during der klassiker between the teams at the allianz arena in november . arjen robben eventually grabbed the winner five minutes from time as bayern defeated dortmund 2-1 . former dortmund striker lewandowski ( left ) battles with defender mats hummels during the recent bundesliga clash at the allianz arena . but as these two prepare to meet in front of an 80,000 audience at the signal iduna park on saturday evening , some of that lustre has been lost . there is something unsettling about bayern and borussia being separated by nine bundesliga places and a whopping 31 points . it just does n't seem right , they should be no 1 and no 2 . it feels very weird that nothing is riding on the outcome , at least so far as the title race is concerned . a bayern win will confirm what we already know , that they will be champions for a third successive season . bayern munich 's arjen robben scores past borussia dortmund 's goalkeeper roman weidenfeller during the 2013 champions league final at wembley stadium . bayern munich defeated borussia dortmund 2-1 at wembley to win the champions league - a period in which der klassiker was one of the highlights on the european football calendar . a dortmund win would make a little dent in bayern 's 10-point lead but is n't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield . it would , however , boost their hopes of qualifying for europe . therein lies the problem - these two have experienced contrasting seasons in the extreme , to the point where the transferable klassiker tag could soon be applied to another fixture - perhaps bayern vs wolfsburg or bayern vs monchengladbach . having been rock-bottom at the beginning of february , jurgen klopp 's dortmund embarked on a seven-match unbeaten run , winning five , and could salvage a modicum of respectability from a disastrous season - and perhaps offset a summer exodus of their best players - by finishing in the top six . mario gotze celebrates scoring for borussia dortmund with robert lewandowski in their 1-0 win at bayern munich in november 2011 - both have since joined bayern as dortmund have slipped down the table . for klopp , whose reputation around europe has taken a battering this season , insists that der klassiker is still as significant as ever . ' we 've got to try to beat bayern and where that can take us in the league is secondary , ' he said . gotze refuses to celebrate after scoring for bayern munich against dortmund in november 2013 . ' although we 're 10th , and although there 's a huge points gap between us , and although a lot is different compared to the past , it 's still a borussia dortmund home game . ' i do n't recall us gifting any of these games in the past . gladbach have shown us how it 's done . wolfsburg have also beaten them , but it 's not all that easy . ' dortmund do have positive recent memories in this fixture to draw upon . they won 3-0 at the allianz arena at the tail end of last season , for example , though it came far too late to alter the destination of the title , which bayern won by 19 points . they completed the double over their rivals en route to winning their back-to-back bundesligas in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 . but those great moments seem a long time ago now and the fixture is harder to hype without so much riding on it . another source of optimism for klopp is bayern 's mounting injury list , with winger franck ribery , who has a recurring ankle problem , joining arjen robben and david alaba on the sidelines . not that club chief executive karl-heinz rummenigge was panicking : ' we can not change it and it would be a mistake if bayern started to lament now . ' quite understandable . another thrilling climax to the season awaits for pep guardiola and his team - they are coasting to a 25th championship , travel to bayer leverkusen in the last eight of the dfb-pokal and porto in the same stage of the champions league . another treble looms for this all-conquering side . and , for a change , dortmund are in no position to affect that .