a woman is in a critical condition after falling 30 metres from the highest lookout in blue mountains when she slipped trying to retrieve her mobile phone . the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon , the abc reports . she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon . she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police , paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman . ' the paramedics were assisted by emergency services personnel to stabilise the then unconscious patient , lift her back up to the top of the cliff face , where an ambulance helicopter was then dispatched from sydney , ' an ambulance spokesman said . she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level . she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . she was airlifted to westmead hospital in sydney where she remains in a stable condition . ' it was one of those tragic accidents that could have been avoided , ' lithgow police inspector chris sammut said . ' in this case , it would appear that she 's accidently dropped her phone and in trying to retrieve it , she 's lost her footing and fallen . ' inspector sammut said parts of the lookout did n't have fencing and walkers needed to be vigilant to avoid risks . ' we have to weigh up whether a mobile phone is worth a life and obviously the answer is ' no ' , ' he said . ' the phone can be replaced . ' she was airlifted to westmead hospital in sydney where she remains in a stable condition . inspector sammut said parts of the lookout did n't have fencing and walkers needed to be vigilant to avoid risks . it took two hours for police , paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue her ( file photo ) .      