' secret stuff ' : ivana chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach , known as the ' celebrity whisperer ' . she is known as the ' celebrity whisperer ' , a woman whose astonishing skill in honing hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken . today , brad pitt is known the world over . ivana chubbuck 's client list includes eva mendes , charlize theron , gerard butler , halle berry , sharon stone and many others . so powerful are her methods , she reduced beyoncé knowles to tears within five minutes . and within months , the singer was topping the charts with single ladies . part therapist , part acting coach , and very hollywood , chubbuck , 62 , runs a hugely successful drama school in los angeles . she hosts workshops around the globe , as well as in the wood-panelled library of her £3 million home . beyoncé went to chubbuck when she was about to play legendary soul singer etta james in the movie cadillac records and was looking to be taken seriously as an artist . despite her professional success , beyoncé was also at what she termed ' a pivotal point ' in her life . ' i 'm about empowering people , ' chubbuck told the mail on sunday in a rare interview – one which goes much further into her methods , and her clients ' responses , than she usually allows . 'beyoncé is a black girl from the south , that is her world . like everyone else on the planet , she has issues . but once she faced those issues and realised she could use them in a positive way in her art , she flourished . ' apparently it 's all about the ' secret stuff ' that chubbuck 's clients tell her . certainly it is well known that beyoncé 's relationship with her domineering father has been fractured for years . ' i told her to open up , to really get in touch with her feelings and what was going on inside her , ' chubbuck said . ' she started to feel her secret stuff and we start having a dialogue about it and she became emotional . we were crying together . she tapped into that well of pain inside her . ' she rang me up after we 'd worked together on the movie and said , ' listen to my new record – it 's all the stuff you taught me . ' and that 's when she came out with single ladies and all the great female empowerment songs . the little pop star turned into a global icon . ' when we meet at chubbuck 's home , model and actress eva mendes is just leaving after a three-hour ' intensive session ' for her new movie with ricky gervais called special correspondents . clients : chubbuck works with some of the biggest names in show business including beyonce ( left ) and eva mendes ( right ) . eva 's prada dress in pale orange . shop the designer at saks fifth avenue ! visit site . esmeralda ! we love it . and we 've a feeling little esmeralda might be a little style icon in the making , just like her mum . so what that in mind , it 's time to revisit one of our favourite eva mendes looks . this woman can wear what she likes . even in bold shades of orange she still manages to look flawless , which is why we 've decided to take some autumnal inspiration from this premiere perfect look . she wore this orange prada dress back in march of 2013 , but we still ca n't quite get over it . it 's floaty , feminine and gorgeous . eva teamed this orange number with a lighter hue satin shoe , which added another texture and dimension to the look . we would definitely suggest a strappy , metallic heel with this . so , if you 're keen to update her look for the new season , check out our pick of the best colour-popping dresses ( below ) . we 'll be donning mango 's layered mini dress with a leather biker jacket to see out the summer in style . mango chiffon ruffle dress . visit site . boohoo laura curve column dress . visit site . bec & bridge isis angle dress ( now on sale for $ 178 ! ) at revolve . visit site . carven crêpe de chine dress at barneys . visit site . so what did that amount to ? mendes said : ' ivana 's technique could be boiled down to : take the pain in your life and find the most effective way to accomplish a goal with it . ' in other words , your guess is as good as mine . mendes continues : ' it helps you understand humanity – what drives someone to do what they do , good or bad . it 's not painful… it 's cathartic . ' chubbuck first met brad pitt when he was working as a promoter for a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit , and tells a story of a young man so driven by a desire to succeed that he had no life aside from acting . today , he is still a client and chubbuck worked on his most recent movie , fury . she made an icon out of brad pitt , who when she met him was working as a promoter at a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit . ' brad always had a work ethic that put others to shame , ' chubbuck said . ' he studied and worked . i would pair him up with a partner and many of those partners would ask to be changed because brad wanted to rehearse a scene three , four , five hours a day . he was dedicated to his craft . he had no social life . he had his stupid job and the rest of the time he was studying with me . ' for the major talents , fame is never the driving force . brad worked his butt off , he 's taken risks over the years and when he fails he gets back up and works harder . he makes bold choices and is n't afraid to fail . ' so what is the secret ? chubbuck says her technique is based on delving into your ' deepest , darkest past ' and then using those negative feelings to positively portray a character on screen . some of this is outlined in a best-selling book the power of the actor ( gotham books ) which has been translated into 18 languages . stars such as kate bosworth , camilla belle , elisabeth shue and mendes have given the tome glowing reviews . mendes said : ' it is my bible – i do n't leave home without it . ' chubbuck recently returned from a working trip to london and says the phenomenon of british actors dominating hollywood ( eddie redmayne , benedict cumberbatch , daniel craig ) is ' because brits have a great work ethic and are not afraid to take risks or make fun of themselves ' . do her celebrity friends such as matthew perry , james franco and jake gyllenhaal ever expect star treatment ? ' bottom line is they are with me to work , ' chubbuck says . ' celebrity goes out the window . i 'm about stripping them bare . the one thing i have learned over the years is that all of us have the same needs and wants as human beings . ' it does n't matter if you are in london or the philippines . there 's a shared human story – we all want love , we all have issues with our spouses or partners , with our parents . the key thing is taking the bad stuff and not being a victim . ' you have to use that stuff to empower yourself . ' 