a widow has accused southwest airlines of leaving her 46-year-old husband to die in the bathroom when he suffered a heart attack on board . richard ilczyszyn , a leading financial broker , could be heard ' groaning ' and ' crying ' by staff on the orange county-bound plane as it prepared to land . but rather than seeking medical help , the attendants allegedly left the father-of-three in the cubicle and , on landing , letting off all other passengers before calling paramedics . distraught , ilczyszyn 's wife kelly , who is a southwest flight attendant , is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act . scroll down for video . distraught : kelly ilczyszyn claims her husband richard ( pictured together with their daughter sydney ) could have survived his heart attack on a southwest flight if attendants sought medical attention rather than police . tragic : the leading financial broker was 46 when he lost consciousness on the orange county-bound flight . defending their actions , a southwest spokesman said staff are trained to treat such behavior - screaming and crying in the bathroom - as a security risk . a sheriff 's report stated that ilczyszyn 's foot was wedged in the door as he ' groaned ' and ' cried ' at the end of the flight heading home to orange county , california , after a business trip . staff described him to colleagues as ' an unruly passenger , ' records reveal . kelly told cbs news : ' he should have been helped on the aircraft . if they just would have gotten help . ' one flight attendant said she opened the door and she saw the top of my husband 's head and his head was down and he was just whimpering , and [ she ] left him there . ' the paramedics should have met the aircraft . absolutely . absolutely . and he would be here today . ' baffled : kelly , a southwest flight attendant , said the sequence of events goes against what she would do . father : she described the pain of having to tell their daughter sydney that richard had died . justice ? kelly has filed a wrongful death suit against southwest airlines . as a flight attendant for the same airline , kelly explained , the sequence of events baffled her . ' i know if a passenger is in distress ... we need to help them , ' she said . ' we need to figure out , is he okay , does he need medical attention , what 's going on . and so i was very confused why they did n't help my husband . ' ilczyszyn 's passing was mourned by the financial community . the founder of independent brokerage firm iitrader , he spent 10 years as a floor trader in chicago , and often appeared as a commentator on television . beyond the lawsuit , kelly said her focus is now on their young daughter sydney . breaking the news , she explained , was terrible . ' that was the worst . my daughter and her father were so close . i just said , `` daddy 's not coming home . daddy went to heaven '' . '