a six-year-old boy showed maturity beyond his years when he helped deliver his baby brother at home . ruben blundell 's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby at home - and ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe . ruben blundell , 6 , helped deliver his little brother theo , who was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . michelle madden , 30 , of rhos on sea , conwy , wales , said : ' we had tried to prepare ruben in the weeks leading up to the birth , in case something unexpected happened . ' we told him it was something natural and not to be scared . ' the original plan had been for my mum to look after ruben while i went to hospital . but , when theo decided he was coming quickly , ruben was brilliant . he ran to get the phone , brought towels - whatever we needed . ' we called the paramedics because i knew that the baby was coming really quickly . ruben was so mature it was unbelievable . he just kept calm and told me to breathe , while my partner ben was helping to deliver the baby . ' left with no time to get to the hospital , michelle madden , 30 , went into labour at home - and ruben assisted his father ben with helping the birth go as smoothly as possible . michelle said that ruben was so mature it was ' unbelievable ' , saying he just kept calm and told her to breathe , while her partner ben was helping to deliver the baby . paramedics arrived to assist michelle with the last part of labour , and the family were soon cuddling baby theo , who weighed in at a healthy 6lbs 15oz . proud michelle , an nvq assessor in health and social care for north wales training , praised her elder son , a year one pupil . she said : ' after theo 's birth , we just sat in bed together . ruben kept saying , `` i ca n't believe he is here '' . ' he does n't even want to play with his toys any more . he loves theo so much and is not jealous at all . he just wants to help me look after him and feed him . i hope that the bond ruben has through being at theo 's birth will stay with them all their lives . ' proud michelle , an nvq assessor in health and social care , praised her elder son , a year one pupil . ben , a catering manager at the welsh government 's llandudno junction headquarters , and the whole family are delighted with their new arrival . michelle added : ' theo 's fine . he has quite a lot of black hair . we think he has my family 's looks about him at the moment . ' paramedics arrived to assist michelle give birth to baby theo , who weighed in at a healthy 6lbs 15oz . ruben , a school pupil , loves theo so much , he does n't even want to play with his toys anymore and just cuddles his new baby brother .