a 12-year-old girl was tied up , beaten and raped for by seven isis different fighters when she was kidnapped from her home in the iraq region of yazidi , a shocking new report has revealed . the suffering of jalila - whose name has been changed - is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by the brutal islamist organisation which is taking over swathes of territory in syria and iraq . the study undertaken by human rights watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight , forcing them to marry and convert to islam and raping them repeatedly – sometimes picking their victims’ names out of a hand in a sick lottery . scroll down for video . yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families , forced to convert to islam and repeatedly raped by isis fighters , the study from human rights watch says . their actions amount to war crimes . it adds . yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern iraq , raped by isis fighters and forced into marriage . one child interviewed said she was ' owned ' and raped by seven different men . of those who managed to escape , many feel suicidal after their traumatic ordeal and need better medical and psychological support , says human rights watch . some tried to kill themselves while in captivity to avoid rape . their terrifying campaign of systematic rape was tantamount to war crimes - and possibly crimes against humanity , the report adds . jalila , who managed to escape her tormentors , told the charity she was taken with seven members of her family when arab men stormed her village north of sinjar in august 2014 . after a few weeks she was taken to a house in syria that housed other abducted young yazidi women and girls , where the men would come and select us . she was selected by an isis fighter , who slapped her and dragged her from the house when she resisted him . the names of yazidi women were selected from a lottery for men to rape , a survivor told the charity . ‘ i told him not to touch me and begged him to let me go’ , she said . ‘ i was a young girl , and i asked him , ‘ what do you want from me ? ’ he spent three days having sex with me . ’ during her captivity seven isis fighters ‘owned’ jalila , and four raped her on multiple occasions . human rights watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from isis , which they say shows a system of organised rape and sexual assault , sexual slavery and forced marriage – acts that constitute war crimes . a 12-year-old girl ( not pictured ) told investigators she was raped for three days by a brutal islamist militant . another victim told human rights watch how she had tried to kill herself so that she would n't be raped again . rape and other forms of sexual violence committed during an armed conflict violate the laws of war . these women were part of a group of 216 yazidis who were recently released by isis after being captured last year . the survivors ' stories come as united nations ( un ) investigators found evidence isis are committing genocide against the yazidi minority in iraq . the human rights office published a horrifying report in march describing killings , torture , rape , sexual slavery and the use of child soldiers by the extremists . it suggested they may be guilty of ' war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide ' . the report , based on interviews with more than 100 witnesses and survivors between june 2014 and february 2015 , highlights brutal isis attacks on the yazidis . the jihadists consistently separated out men and boys over the age of 14 to be executed , according to investigators . younger boys were forced to become child soldiers and women and girls were abducted as the ' spoils of war ' . head of the investigation suki nagra said : ' these attacks were aimed at destroying the yazidi as a group . ' she added that isis was guilty of ' genocide ' against the minority . now they are urging that survivors get the medical and psychological treatment that they need to cope with the unimaginable trauma they suffered . rashida told the charity she was told by her brother to commit suicide if she was unable to escape the isis fighters who had captured her . ‘ later that day they made a lottery of our names and started to choose women by drawing out the names ' , the 31-year-old said . ‘ the man who selected me , abu ghufran , forced me to bathe but while i was in the bathroom i tried to kill myself . ‘ i had found some poison in the house , and took it with me to the bathroom . i knew it was toxic because of its smell . ‘ i distributed it to the rest of the girls and we each mixed some with water in the bathroom and drank it . none of us died but we all got sick . ’ another woman , identified as dilara , said she was taken to a wedding hall in syria where isis fighters told the group to forget their relatives and prepare to marry them and bear their children . from 9:30am in the morning , men would come to buy girls to rape them . she told human rights watch : ' i saw in front of my eyes isis soldiers pulling hair , beating girls , and slamming the heads of anyone who resisted . ' they were like animals… . once they took the girls out , they would rape them and bring them back to exchange for new girls . the girls’ ages ranged from eight to 30 years… only 20 girls remained in the end . ' rape and other forms of sexual violence , sexual slavery , cruel treatment , and other abuses committed during an armed conflict violate the laws of war , the report by human rights watch says – and better support is needed for children and women who survive such attacks . as well as a lack of provision for psycho-social treatment , there is a reluctance in the community to accept it , despite many women continuing to feel suicidal after their ordeal . ' yazidi women and girls who escaped isis still face enormous challenges and continuing trauma from their experience , ” liesl gerntholtz , the women 's rights director at human rights watch said . ' they need urgent help and support to recover their health and move on with their lives . '