facebook is often linked with depression , social anxiety and other mental health issues . but a new scheme hopes to reverse this reputation by using the site to instead find cures and improve treatments for diseases using the dna of its members . genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . genes for good ( pictured ) is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available over 18s in the us . it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan , and although the app is hosted by facebook , the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way . the app is available for free from facebook 's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us . the researchers do n't have any plans to extend it outside of the us at the moment , but this may change depending on how successful the scheme is . once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions , which doubles up as a consent form , they are presented with health surveys they complete each day . sending a spit sample is voluntary , and users only become eligible once they 've completed 15 of the health history survey questions , and each of the health tracking surveys over two separate days . the app is available for free to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us . once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions they are presented with health surveys they can complete each day . sending a spit sample is voluntary , and users only become eligible once they 've completed 15 of the health history survey questions , and each of the health tracking surveys over two separate days . participants can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal link in the facebook app under the ' your account ' option in the upper right corner of the site . after withdrawing , genes for good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique facebook id from its database . it also removes addresses , including an ip address and physical address , and phone numbers but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . it also keeps the dna . these questionnaires relate to a user 's health , habits , attitudes , and relationships and the health tracking surveys provide detailed information about how a person 's health changes over time . after completing each survey , uses can view their own results as well as see summaries about other how these results compare to other participants . once requested , a ' spit kit ' is sent free of charge and the firm said dna obtained from this sample will be frozen and ' stored indefinitely ' in a secure laboratory supervised by the researchers . the researchers explained : ' our goal is to accelerate genetic and health research using social media . ' we will use the information you provide to advance our understanding of genetics , disease , behaviour , human ancestry , and our relationships around the world . ' the findings from this research may benefit many individuals , for generations to come , as we learn more about how our genes affect our lives . ' you can also use capabilities in genes for good to track your lifestyle , habits and activities , and compare yourself to other participants . each member who submits a spit sample will also see a copy of their results , which include their genetic ancestry as well as raw genetic data in a securely encrypted computer file . similar services , such as those offered by genealogy sites like ancestry , cost $ 99 in the us and £99 in the uk . this applies to the first 2,000 kits sent out by genes for good . the scheme has not revealed whether kits will then need to be paid for , or if this is a limited number . mailonline has contacted the university for more information . sending a spit sample ( illustrated ) is voluntary . each member who submits a sample will also see a copy of their results , which include genetic ancestry as well as raw genetic data in a securely encrypted computer file . ' we use facebook because of its vast existing social network , continued the researchers . ' using facebook will allow the study to grow both quickly and optimally through word of mouth . ' otherwise , the study is independent of facebook . facebook can not access the information you provide to genes for good . ' you can stop participating at any time . you can stop answering surveys or you can delete the app from your facebook account . ' apple recently announced an initiative called researchkit that plans to gather health data from iphone users . it will use , on a voluntary basis , data from medical tracking apps to help research asthma , breast cancer , cardiovascular disease , diabetes and parkinson’s disease . apple 's senior vice president of operations jeff williams said : ' researchkit is made for medical researchers , it lets them easily create apps . ' apple worked with university of oxford , stanford and others to develop this project . the genes for good 's connection with facebook may concern privacy campaigners following claims earlier this week that the social network tracks users , even if they 've opted out . facebook has more than 1.3 billion users but there are millions more visits from people who are not signed up . researchers from the university of leuven said facebook puts tracking cookies on internet users ' laptops , pcs and phones when the visit facebook.com so it can target them with online advertising . but facebook today said the report is inaccurate and the researchers had persistently ignored its request to meet . a spokesman said : ' this report contains factual inaccuracies . the authors have never contacted us , nor sought to clarify any assumptions upon which their report is based . neither did they invite our comment on the report before making it public . ' however , we remain willing to engage with them and hope they will be prepared to update their work in due course . ' ' earlier this year we updated our terms and policies to make them more clear and concise , to reflect new product features and to highlight how we 're expanding people 's control over advertising . members can withdraw at any time and after withdrawing , genes for good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique facebook id from its database . it also removes addresses and phone numbers , but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . it also keeps the dna ( stock image ) . we 're confident the updates comply with applicable laws including eu law . ' after withdrawing , genes for good keeps the survey responses but deletes the participant 's name and unique facebook id from its database . it also removes addresses , including an ip address and physical address , and phone numbers but keeps their age , sex , and zip code information . it also keeps the dna . and genes for good said there are also risks : ' we have taken important steps to reduce this risk , including the utilisation of separate independent servers to host the web application and your responses and genetic data . ' [ but ] if the genetic information is used in some way to identify you , it is possible that you could suffer psychological or emotional harm , or other unforeseen consequences . ' it said that the genetic information nondiscrimination act of 2008 ( gina ) is a federal law that protects individuals from genetic discrimination in health insurance and employment , and genetic counsellors can also be used to seek advice or support . 