morrisons supermarket is bringing in halal-only pick and mix counters so that muslim customers do n't have to check the ingredients of their sweets . a selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks , cola bottles , jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale , all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients . the 10 stores trialling the scheme include blackburn , bolton , preston , bradford , west bromwich , birmingham , leamington spa and three in london . morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for muslim customers . two-year-old faizaan ali ( right ) was among the first to sample the sweets in the chain 's blackburn store . the company , which has over 500 stores around the uk , has chosen the locations according to the make-up of their local communities . john brooksbank , store general manager of morrisons in blackburn , said : ' many customers have asked us about halal sweets , so we have designed and introduced a new range . ' we are the first big supermarket in the uk to do this . it 's a large range so we hope that it will provide a sweet treat for every taste . ' we would consider introducing the halal sweets range at other stores , should there be a demand . ' yummys , the brand available , is a recognised halal confectionery brand , which we are also selling in single bags in our world food aisle . ' the supermarket has been praised by muslim figures after announcing the move . husnaa ali , nine , tucks in to the treats at one of 10 stores around britain chosen to trial the new scheme . the supermarket says it has brought in the idea in response to demand from customers in certain areas . salim mulla , chairman of the halal sub-committee at the lancashire council of mosques , said : ' i think there are quite a few manufacturers who sell halal sweets but this is the first major supermarket to sell halal confectionery . i really welcome that . halal involves specific methods of killing animals which adhere to islamic laws . livestock or poultry must be slaughtered by cutting the jugular vein and carotid artery while the animal is alive and healthy . the blood is then drained from the carcass , while a muslim recites a dedication . views differ over whether the animal can be stunned before being killed . halal sweets include only gelatin from halal slaughtered animals and do not contain any other animal-derived ingredients from non-halal animals . ' it is definitely something the council of mosques would support . sweets are very popular with the muslim community . i think the pick and mix will do really well . ' until now , muslims have had to look at the ingredients to see if the sweets are suitable to eat as some contain animal products which are not halal . abdul hamid qureshi , chairman of the lancashire council of mosques , added : ' more and more supermarkets are introducing halal products to meet the needs of the customers , but this is the first halal pick and mix i have heard of . ' there will be financial reasons behind it . businesses will not just sell products for social needs . ' chains such as kfc have started offering halal products to attract a new , younger audience and a larger demographic . ' tolu oshinowo , deputy store manager , at morrisons , blackburn enjoys some of the 36 sweets on offer .