jury selection has begun in oklahoma for the murder trial of the teenager accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane . if found guilty , 17-year-old chancey luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release . in a tedious process that could last four days , district court judge ken graham , prosecutors and luna 's legal team have begun questioning a jury pool of 170 stephens county residents . scroll down for video . murdered australian baseball player chris lane and his girlfriend sarah harper . jury selection has begun for the murder trial of teenager chancey luna accused of shooting lane dead . lane , 22 , from melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern oklahoma city of duncan in august , 2013 , when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . authorities allege luna , who was in a ford focus with two teenage friends , randomly selected lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past . once the jury is selected , the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days . luna , wearing a bright blue business shirt , was quietly watching the jury selection process in duncan 's stephens county courthouse on monday . lane , who was in duncan visiting his girlfriend sarah harper when he was shot , had a baseball scholarship with oklahoma 's east central university . lane 's parents , peter and donna lane , are scheduled to be called as witnesses . lane ( left and right ) , 22 , from melbourne , was shot in the back on august 16 , 2013 , in what police said was a random killing as he ran along a road in duncan , southern oklahoma , where he was on a sporting scholarship . donna lane , mother of shot australian baseball player chris lane , holds a framed christmas card he and his girlfriend sarah harper had sent her on an earlier , happy festive season . chris lane with ms harper during a visit to australia , when sarah took the opportunity to cuddle a koala .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .