manchester city ladies midfielder jill scott has apologised after she was sent off for headbutting jade bailey during her side 's 1-0 defeat by arsenal on sunday . the england international reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender and was shown a straight red card during the second half of the women 's super league clash at the city football academy . after the game the 28-year-old tweeted an apology saying : ' great effort from all the girls , i want to apologise for the incident which led to me being sent off , gutted to let everyone @ mcwfc down today . ' jill scott was red-carded for an apparent headbutt on arsenal defender jade bailey on sunday . the england international apologised for the incident after the game as city fell to a 1-0 reverse . the referee brandishes the red card as scott leaves the field during the women 's super league clash . city manager nick cushing described scott 's actions as ' out of character ' and said the incident will be dealt with . ' she 's been an exceptional player for us and she puts in unbelievable performances every week so it 's disappointing , ' cushing said . ' we 'll get together as a club and deal with it internally . ' the incident comes just three weeks after city goalkeeper karen bardsley was handed a three-match ban after coming to blows with birmingham forward freda ayisi . cushing added : ' as a club we want people to come watch and then come back so these sort of incidents go against that and leaves a bitter taste in our mouths . ' arsenal forward chioma ubogagu scores the winning goal in the first half at the city football academy . lucy bronze of manchester city ( right ) tackles leah williamson during the clash on sunday . chioma ubogagu netted the winner for arsenal in the 36th minute before scott was dismissed after the break . the gunners almost killed the game off when lianne sanderson saw an attempt cleared off the line . but city came within inches of snatching a point as nikita parris hit the post late on .  