the wife of the prominent d.c. rabbi who was caught filming dozens of women changing in a ritual bathroom at their synagogue has spoken out for the first time since his arrest last fall . a little more than a month before her husband , bernard freundel , is set to be sentenced for his crimes , his wife sharon freundel held a lecture at a maryland jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences . while mrs freundel did not directly address her personal drama , she did allude to the scandal which shocked her community at the beginning of the talk . ' as you all know , i 've become an expert in ptsd , ' mrs freundel told the room of about 150 people , according to the washington post . ' researching this has been so therapeutic . ' sharon fruendel ( right ) , wife of disgraced d.c . rabbi bernard ' barry ' freundel ( left ) gave a speech on march 22 which alludes to her family 's recent scandal . in october , her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue 's ritual bathroom . it was in october that sharon 's husband bernard ' barry ' freundel was arrested after a police investigation revealed he had spied on dozens of women who changed in the ritual mikvah bathrooms at the kesher israel congregation synagogue in d.c . freundel first came under investigation when a woman changing came across a suspicious clock radio in the bathroom which is used mainly by people converting to judaism and jewish women to cleanse following menstruation . in february , the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on may 15 . in the weeks following her husband 's arrest , freundel left d.c. for maryland , where one of her daughter 's lived . while her husband has granted her a jewish divorce , the two are still legally married . on march 22 , she spoke to the group fathered at charles e smith jewish day school in rockville , maryland , for about 90 minutes . during the talk she cited several instances of ' trauma ' in the hebrew bible and how the biblical figures responded to their crises as lessons for life . she seemed to address her own personal issues with her husband when she quoted jewish philosopher joseph soloveitchik , who wrote that marriage is a place people can go ' when we believed nobody ' gets ' us . ' barry freundel pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in february . he is set to be sentenced in may . pictured above leaving d.c. superior court on february 19 . however , soloveitchik ends by saying that ultimately , the answer ' is to turn to the one above . the one above will get it . ' several members of the kesher community were in attendance to hear freundel talk , and respected her more for it . ' she did n't want to represent the scandal anymore , ' one longtime kesher member told the post . ' it gave her sense of how she survived it and how the community can survive it . she was educating the community in surviving its misfortune . ' mrs freundel is also the director of hebrew and judaic studies at the jewish primary day school in northwest d.c . prosecutors said freundel recorded the women between early 2009 and october 2014 using devices installed in two changing rooms for the national capital mikvah , which is next to the kesher synagogue . investigators found six video files of nude women , with one showing freundel 's face as he set up the camera , prosecutors said . police searched his home and his office at maryland 's towson university , where he was an associate professor , and seized computers , electronic devices , remote controls , hard drives and cameras hidden in a fan and a tissue box , they said . prosecutors said at least 52 women were recorded nude or partially nude on 25 different dates from march 2012 to september 2014 . voyeurism carries a three-year statute of limitations . investigators also found that freundel secretly recorded about 100 more women between 2009 and september 2014 in a bathroom at the national capital mikvah , they said . each of the 52 counts of voyeurism carries a penalty of a year in prison and/or a fine of up to $ 1,000 , or $ 2,500 for those committed after june 2013 . one of the victims , stephanie doucette , said in a statement : ' i continue to be profoundly shocked and upset by rabbi freundel 's outrageous conduct , which violated the security , trust and beliefs of so many women . ' freundel is also facing civil lawsuits and was fired from kesher israel in december . his congregation has included treasury secretary jack lew and former connecticut senator joe lieberman . 