manchester united boss louis van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over liverpool after saturday 's results . following a comprehensive 3-1 victory against aston villa , van gaal sees next sunday 's derby against manchester city at old trafford as important in the battle to finish runners-up . but having been given the task of qualifying for the top-four when he replaced david moyes last summer , he is not letting complacency risk success , though liverpool 's 4-1 defeat against arsenal on satuday lunchtime puts united firmly in pole position . ander herrera celebrates with team-mates after scoring his team 's third goal at old trafford . ' it is not done yet , ' he said . ' we still have to play everyone else in the top four and the table shows they are the best teams . ' of course we have a big gap and can afford to suffer a defeat but everything is possible . ' however , van gaal also sees the derby as an opportunity to push united 's claims for a top-two finish . ‘ i am looking higher up . the derby is a game for the higher places . chelsea are likely to be champions but you have to keep on putting pressure . spanish duo juan mata and herrera celebrate the win against aston villa at old trafford on saturday . manchester united 's wayne rooney celebrates with team-mates after scoring his team 's second goal . ‘ manchester city , is a different game to this one against villa . city shall not come with such a defensive strategy . we have seen the same with tottenham and liverpool . these are the matches wehre you can see fantastic matches . there may even be a shock recall for £60million man di maria who has been used as a substitute in recent weeks . ' his turn is coming , that i know . but he has to wait for the right moment , ' said van gaal . angel di maria has been used as a sub in recent weeks but he is closing in on a return to the starting line-up . rooney battles with aston villa ace jores okore during saturday 's victory at old trafford .