justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters . rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history . ' i 'm really excited about the rest of the year now . it 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said rose , who was looking to become the first european player to win the us open and masters . justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . ' i tried to really tell myself that this year for me is going to be about april to september when the big tournaments come around and that 's when i want to play well . ' you look at rory 's year last year , it was all about how he played in the summer ( winning the open , bridgestone invitational and us pga in the space of four weeks ) . i was trying to keep telling myself it 's a long year . very happy it turned around this week in a major championship . ' the thing that was most important for me this week was the fact that i have not been in contention and i have n't had a lot of experience this year or positive vibes on which to draw . ' i was really pleased at how comfortable i felt in that situation , last group in the masters on sunday . i think that 's when you learn a lot about yourself and that makes me very hungry to get there again very soon . ' rose began the final round four shots behind spieth and closed to within three on three separate occasions on the front nine , but was never able to get any closer . ' there 's two ways to look at it . you can think that 14 under par , i 'll take that next year and i 'll take that the year after and i 'll take it the year after , so i have to take a lot of confidence from that , ' he added . rose had struggled to hit top form going into the masters but now hopes to sustain his augusta form . rose ( left ) congratulates tournament winner spieth and praised his performance level for the week . ' but you 've got to play it on the day , too . i felt like there were a few moments out there where i could have done better and i 'll learn on that and think about that . ' jordan did n't really open the door and i did n't really expect him to . really the one time on the back nine where it got interesting for me was the 16th hole . i felt that if i make my birdie putt and jordan misses for par , it 's a two-shot swing and i 'm two back with two to play . but my putt just slid by and he made a great eight- footer to there to keep his momentum as he did all day , really . ' 