labour peer john prescott has defended prince charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers - insisting he should ' right to ' write as many damn letters as he likes ' . the former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had ' a lot to offer this country ' . lord prescott 's intervention comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of prince charles 's so-called ' black spider ' memos . lord prescott , left , said that the prince of wales has a lot to offer the country . the letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 and sent by the prince to seven government departments . lord prescott , whose letters are separate to those due to be released , said that while he is ' not a raving loyalist ' , he has ' a lot of time for charles ' who he described as a passionate environmentalist . he said while he listens to the views of everyone who contacts him on political matters , he makes his own decisions . the former labour minister , writing in the sunday mirror , said : ' charles has an awful lot to offer this country . ' and if he wants to serve his subjects by helping young people into work , combating climate change and building sustainable communities , he can write as many damn letters as he likes . ' lord prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the labour politician 's mother . the labour peer said the notes proved ' the measure of the man ' . he said : ' they show he has nothing to hide and he should n't be worried about publication . ' the first letter is a typed ­invitation to a meeting of regional­ ­development agency leaders in 1999 . charles says it would be ' splendid ' to see lord prescott . the second is more personal and was written in the prince 's ­distinctive handwriting in 2003 . it expresses sadness at the death of lord prescott 's mother . the prince opens by joking that he has ' been overdoing the quota ' of letters to the deputy pm . prince charles - with the duchess of cornwall at ascot races last week - does a lot of good for the country , according to the former labour minister lord prescott . but despite this – and the ' trouble ' the press would give him – he goes on to express his sadness and says his ' heart goes out ' to the politician . he added : ' i did receive letters from the prince when i was in government but they had no effect on any policy . people say he should n't be writing to ministers but he 's quite entitled to express his opinion . ' politicians are lobbied all the time by individuals and groups and none of them would allow a letter – even from prince charles – to unduly ­influence them . ' prince charles has long been accused of ' bombarding ' ministers with ' black spider ' memos attacking government policy . his letters are so-named after his distinctive handwriting and abundant use of underlining and exclamation marks . both clarence house and the prime minister expressed disappointment after the court ruling . the notes reflect , according to previous attorney general dominic grieve , the prince 's ' most deeply held personal views and beliefs ' .