curtis stone’s image has always been of the affable aussie who loves to cook , but when it comes to his kids there’s some food that he just wo n't allow them to eat no matter what . the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson aged three and seven-month-old emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths . ‘ someone said to me on a tv show in america ‘’but how do you stop your kid from eating hot dogs ? ’’ i 'm like that 's pretty easy , my kid has never eaten a hot dog because it 's full of s*** , ’ he says . scroll down for video . healthy living : curtis stone and his actress wife lindsay price have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months . the celebrity chef ( pictured with his wife lindsay and son hudson ) is adamant that his children should eat healthily . ‘ i do n't want him to have all the nitrates and c*** that 's in a hot dog . ‘ of course one day he will be invited to a party at a fast food restaurant and i 'm not going to say no , you can live a life of course , but you are in charge of his day to day . ’ stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food . he also does n't hold back about giving his opinion when parents say their kids would rather eat junk food and not fruit and vegetables – it’s because the parents let them do it . the one thing you 'll not find in the stone household is this - a hot dog with all the trimmings . stone 's new cookbook , good food , good life contains photos of him cooking and gardening with wife lindsay throughout the book . ‘ your kid is going to embrace whatever you expose them to , right , that 's just a fact of life , ’ he says . ‘ people tell you , “ no , no my kid likes this or my kid likes that” . my opinion is ; that 's just not accurate . ’ the 39-year-old is back in australia to visit family and promote his new cookbook , good food , good life . photos of stone cooking and gardening with hudson feature throughout the book , which the chef has dedicated to his eldest son . originally from melbourne , stone made a name for himself outside his homeland by hosting us television series take home chef . when he returns to la stone will be back in the kitchen at his 25-seat restaurant maude , named after his grandmother , which focuses on one key ingredient each month . since the eatery opened in february last year , it has been named la weekly 's best new restaurant and eater la 's restaurant of the year . originally from melbourne , stone made a name for himself outside his homeland by hosting take home chef , which originally was broadcast on tlc in the united states , and went on to become an international success . he and wife lindsay have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months . 