kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former wales goalkeeper jason brown and sought to answer the player 's criticism over the way the incident was handled . john wild , from wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire , was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees after being found guilty of racially abusing brown while he was playing for dartford in a vanarama conference fixture at bristol rovers last october . brown , 32 , welcomed the outcome of the case but , in doing so , also criticised a number of bodies , including kick it out , the football association and the professional footballers ' association , after he felt they ' did nothing about it ' . kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused jason brown . but kick it out , who work within football to promote equality and encourage inclusive practices , has responded to brown 's concerns following wild 's conviction at bristol magistrates court . ' we are pleased to see the investigation undertaken by avon and somerset police reach a satisfactory conclusion after jason brown was racially abused earlier this season , ' read a kick it out statement , which said the organisation immediately informed the fa as soon as it was made aware of the incident . ' paul mortimer , kick it out 's professional players engagement manager , met jason on wednesday 8 october 2014 , the day after the incident , to discuss the matter in full . ' jason gave his account of the incident and paul clearly outlined the processes we follow when an investigation is under way , which is consistent in every case of discrimination we are involved in , throughout the meeting . ' during the discussion , paul offered the support of kick it out to jason , as we do with every complainant we are in touch with , and they both agreed to a follow-up meeting . brown criticised kick it out for not doing enough to help him in his case from october last year . ' when paul subsequently attempted to arrange a date , via phone calls and text message , to discuss with jason how we could look to assist , jason did not respond , nor did he to another enquiry from kick it out . ' kick it out said contact was maintained with the fa ' to gain regular updates on the case ' and , as the organisation has no formal investigative or regulatory powers , they work with the governing bodies on their processes and procedures , and liaise directly with the police as and when required . ' we actively follow each complaint through to its conclusion , and if we are not satisfied with how a case is investigated , we will look to intervene , ' the statement added . ' paul 's role sees him working with players from all levels of football to offer them ongoing guidance and advice , and to ensure that we are tackling issues of discrimination effectively , as a collective , across the english game . ' we will continue to push for just outcomes for all those who may be abused , and for adequate sanctions of perpetrators . ' brown , who has said in the past that the pfa and kick it out need to step aside and let a ' new and younger generation ' combat racism , welcomed the court verdict but remained critical of the support he had received during the process . ' this is a sign of progress for everyone , not just people with colour , ' brown , who has played for gillingham , blackburn and leeds , wrote on his twitter account . ' while this progression is in society i sincerely pray and hope that these so called anti-racism ( groups ) will one day actually do what they say they will and support and treat every player no matter what league they are in as equals , instead of this constant lip service that they continue to provide . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .