arsenal star alexis sanchez says he is ' very proud ' to have joined the north london club and has been impressed by the quality of his team-mates . ' i am not saying this just because it 's my obligation to do it as a club player . every arsenal player has amazing quality , ' he told the gunners ' official website before adding , ' i want to win many titles here . ' the chilean forward has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football since joining from barcelona last summer , netting 22 goals in all competitions so far and being nominated for the pfa player of the year award . arsenal forward alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football , scoring 22 goals so far . the chilean forward , who signed from barcelona last summer , has been nominated for pfa player of the year . sanchez has singled out fellow attacker santi cazorla for particular praise , labelling the spaniard a ' spectacular player . ' he went on , ' you never know whether he will kick the ball with his right or left foot . also , he moves with short but quick strides , which is a remarkable trademark too . ' although i knew about his quality , playing alongside makes him makes me very happy . arsenal are currently second in the premier league table with 66 points from 32 games , 10 points behind the pace of leaders chelsea , whom they face next . while the blues admittedly hold the advantage , the title race is not over yet and arsenal could mount a late charge . arsene wenger 's side have also reached the fa cup final for the second consecutive season after triumphing over skybet championship side reading in the semis 2-1 last weekend , with sanchez scoring both of their goals . sanchez has singled out team-mate and fellow attackersanti cazorla ( right ) as a ' spectacular ' player . cazorla ( centre ) jumps to control the ball during arsenal 's fa cup semi-final victory against reading . sanchez scored both of arsenal 's goals during their 2-1 win over reading in the fa cup semi-final last week . arsenal have reached the fa cup final for the second consecutive season after beating reading last week .     