police in arizona may be one step closer to solving a 15-year-old cold case murder of a tucson mother and the subsequent related slayings of her mother and neighbor . david duane watson , a 46-year-old tucson firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson , 35 , in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter . police say the dispute continued after watson 's murder as her mother marilyn cox , 63 , tried to obtain visitation rights . three years after her daughter went missing , cox and her neighbor renee farnsworth , 53 , were shot dead in the driveway of linda watson 's home . tragic : police say linda watson , left , was killed by her ex-husband david watson during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter jordynn , right . three years later , they say mr. watson murdered linda 's mother marilyn cox , center , as she tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003 . cold case closed ? seen here upon his arrest late saturday , david watson has been charged in the murder of his ex-wife , ex mother-in-law and an innocent neighbor . police said at a press conference on saturday that mr. watson had been the prime suspect in the murders from the start , reports the arizona daily star . watson has been charged in all three homicides , with police cited dna evidence . chief deputy chris nanos said sheriffs never gave up on the cases , writes tucson news now . ' it just goes to show you that the men and women of this department are bulldogs , ' said nanos . ' we 'll keep tracking you , we 'll find you and you will get punished for the crimes you do . ' linda watson was reported missing in august 2000 after she failed to pick up her daughter from the home of david watson . she was last seen by a friend who 'd dropped her off following a church function . inside the home were found ms. watson 's pager , bible and purse . the door to her home was found open and her blood was discovered at the scene . linda watson was reported missing in august 2000 after she failed to pick up her daughter from the home of david watson . she was last seen by a friend who dropped her off at her tucson home after church . her body would not be found until 2012 . police say david watson had been the primary suspect since 2000 , but have only now tied him to the crime with what a sheriff 's department official said saturday was ' dna evidence ' . after her disappearance , marilyn cox , became intent on finding her daughter and devoted her life to the search . she -- along with the girl 's paternal grandfather -- was granted visitation rights for her granddaughter . however , cox said at the time that watson obstructed those rights , so she petitioned for a review . in may 2003 , with another custody battle heating up , cox was shot dead in a drive-by shooting in the driveway of the home from which her daughter had disappeared years before . her neighbor , renee farnsworth , was also killed in the shooting . meanwhile . linda would not officially be declared dead until 2006 . her body would n't be found until six years after that when remains discovered in the arizona desert turned out to be hers . watson was scheduled to be arraigned sunday morning at pima county jail where the sheriff 's department would recommend a $ million bond , reports kgun . marilyn cox ( right ) was fighting to exercise her visitation rights over jordynn watson when she and her neighbor renee farnsworth were gunned down in a 2003 drive-by shooting outside the very home from which linda had disappeared three years earlier . 