manchester airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today after a drone was reported buzzing around the area , causing disruption for hundreds of travellers . all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) could collide with a passenger jet . some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area shortly after 11:30am . flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area around manchester airport . flights resumed after the police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners . manchester airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights . a manchester airport spokeswoman said : ‘ due to a report of a potential drone sighting in airspace near to the airport , some flights have experienced short delays and a small number of flights have diverted to alternative airports while greater manchester police carried out an investigation using their police helicopter . ‘ upon inspection , nothing was found . as the safety and security of all of our passengers is paramount , operations on runway one were suspended for 20 minutes . radio-controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography . ‘ runway two , which was unaffected , will remain open for an hour so normal traffic flows can resume . ’ police continue to investigate the report of the sighting . unmanned drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography , and they have become a serious problem for airports and pilots as many operators are not aware of the rules or dangers . there have been dozens of reports of drones flying too close to airports or commercial aircraft , and experts say the radio-controlled devices pose a significant threat because they could be sucked into a jet engine . the civil aviation authority ( caa ) has successfully prosecuted two uav operators for safety breaches and it has another three investigations open . uk aviation authorities have successfully prosecuted two drone operators for safety breaches . john mayhew , nats’ general manager for air traffic services at manchester airport , said : ‘ flying drones in the close vicinity to any airport without permission is completely unacceptable , with the reported sighting causing delays to inbound and outbound traffic and the diversion of a small number aircraft to other airports . ‘ the matter has now been referred to the police . ’ last year a device believed to be a drone came within 20ft of an airbus a320 as it landed at heathrow airport , according to a uk airprox ( aircraft proximity ) board report . the passenger plane was just 700ft from the runway when the captain reported seeing a small black object to the left of the cockpit . the object did not collide with the plane and the pilot was able to make a normal landing during the july 22 , 2014 , incident . under caa rules drones can not be flown beyond the normal unaided ‘ line of sight’ of the operator , must always be flown at least 164ft ( 50 metres ) away from a person , vehicle , building or structure , and must never be flown within 492ft ( 150 metres ) of a congested area or large group of people , including sporting events or concerts .