a baltimore mother hailed as ' mom of the year ' for clobbering her teenage son and dragging him home from the riots admitted sheepishly on wednesday : ' my pastor is going to kill me . ' toya graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police , looted stores and burned down buildings and cars . the riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police . her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the baltimore police chief who said : ' i wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight . ' miss graham told cbs on wednesday that she ' just lost it ' when she saw michael at monday 's riots carrying a rock and walking towards police officers . she said : ' i recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact . i was saying ''how dare you do this ? ' '' scroll down for video . single mother-of-six toya graham spoke on wednesday about dragging her teenage son home from the baltimore riots , adding that when she saw the video clip , she thought : ' my pastor is going to kill me ' . graham went down to where the riots were taking place after hearing schools had been let out early . she said she recognized her son 's baggy sweatpants and ' lost it ' . graham , a single mother-of-six , has drawn praise across the country , for getting her rioting son in check . her son immediately lost his tough-guy swagger as his mother pulled the ski mask from his head , clipped him around the ears and yelled : ''are you for real ? really ? this is what you want to do ? ' i told you i 'd come down here . did n't i ? did n't i ? ' she poignantly added : ' that 's my only son and at the end of the day , i do n't want him to be a freddie gray . i cant imagine what freddie gray 's mother is going through . i do n't want to lose my son to the streets . ' is he a perfect boy ? no he 's not . but he 's mine . ' and despite her concerns about what her pastor would think , he had nothing but praise for the mother of six on wednesday . pastor jamal bryant told inside edition that toya was ' mom of the century ' . she said : ' i wish all of the parents of baltimore would take on her spirit and go pull your children out of the streets . ' miss graham 's actions saw her grabbing headlines across the u.s. as baltimore erupted into a second night of riots on tuesday . she was even trending on twitter with the hashtag , # momoftheyear , as social media users asked how to send her gifts ahead of mother 's day . however graham said on wednesday : ' i do n't feel like a hero . my intention was to get my son and have him be safe . i knew the whole thing was not safe . ' she said the night before the riots , her son told her that a lot of high school students were planing to meet up at mondawmin mall on monday afternoon , the day of freddie gray 's funeral . she warned him not to go to the mall . the mom was at a doctor 's appointment with her eldest daughter the next day when she heard that schools had been let out early and people were gathering at the mall , which is also a main transportation hub in the area . she left the doctor 's office immediately to go find her son . graham told cbs : ' there was a mass of police and helicopters . i ran over to the police and asked ''where are the children that have to take this bus route ? '' they were throwing bricks at the police . ' she recognized her son even though he was wearing a black ski mask over much of his face . he was also carrying a rock . when he saw her coming , his first instinct was to run away . she said : ' he knew he was in trouble . at that point , i just lost it . i was shocked , i was angry , because you never want to see your child out there doing that . ' mother and son got home and turned on the tv so they could continue to watch coverage of the riots . michael graham pictured on facebook with his mom and a younger family member . the mom said her teenage son has been in trouble before ' but knows right from wrong ' . as they watched what was happening outside their home , michael 's facebook feed began to fill up with people who had seen the video of his mom reeling him in . many people wrote that michael should n't be mad at his mom , but rather ' give her a hug ' . graham explained her fury at seeing her son caught up in police violence also came from a place of deep worry as a parent . she said : ' a lot of his friends have been killed . i just want to keep him in the house , but that 's not really going to work . ' he 's been in trouble before . he knows right from wrong but he 's just like other teens , he does n't have the perfect relationship with the police in baltimore . ' however , the mother said that none of this excused violence towards the police officers . ' you will not be throwing rocks and stones at police officers . whose to say they do n't have to come and protect me from something ? ' she added . however graham , who is also a grandmother , admitted that she understood some of the frustration being felt towards the police department in her baltimore community . at some point , i understand the frustration that our community is having , ' she said . ' we have n't received any information on what happened to this young guy [ freddie gray ] . from looking at it from the news point of view , it seemed like he was harmed . ' and if he had n't been harmed , we , the people of baltimore city , we feel like we have the right to know . ' according to toya graham 's facebook profile , she went to high school about ten minutes away from where freddie gray was arrested on april 12 . in an instagram video from two months ago , michael posed in a very similar outfit with face mask and dark clothing to what he was wearing on monday . the baltimore native was described as an assistant manager at an alcohol and drug treatment center that offered inpatient and outpatient treatment as well as manages crisis and halfway housing . however on wednesday , she told cbs that she had recently lost a job and had moved home . she said that her son had witnessed her have a tough time . ' he sees me struggle , ' she said . ' it 's just me and my children . i do n't go out . the only thing i do is church . ' graham laughed when she said the first thing that ran through her head when she saw herself on tv , was ' my pastor is going to have a fit ! ' baltimore police commissioner anthony batts mentioned graham 's heroics when he spoke at a press conference shortly before midnight on monday . batts said : ' in one scene you had a mother who grabbed a child who had a hood on his head and started smacking him on the head because she was so embarrassed . ' i wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight . ' he later added : ' take control of your kids . this is our city , let 's make a difference . ' graham , who said she sometimes has to ' shield ' her son from the violence outside her home , has seen what can happen on the streets of baltimore first-hand . in august of 2014 , she was at her home when at least three shots were fired and a man was killed outside on the street on her block in the middle of the night . the concerned mother checked on her children before heading outside to try to help the victim . the man died before he could be taken to the hospital and graham was so shaken , she could n't even go to work the next day , according to abc 2 . she said at the time : ' soon we 're not even going to be able to walk out of our doors . that was somebody 's child , and it 's real overwhelming that somebody takes somebody 's life like that and he was just left there . ' toya graham ( pictured left in 2014 ) was at her baltimore home when at least three shots were fired and a man was killed on the street . baltimore police commissioner anthony batts ( right ) praised her during a press conference on monday . one woman said : ' baltimore does n't need the national guard - they need more parents like this one ! ' the encounter between mother and son on the baltimore street was captured by wmar . the video did not fly under the radar on social media either and many twitter users began re-posting it and saying the woman was the ' mom of the year ' . after graham was identified on tuesday , even more people began offering up their congratulation and appreciation for what she had done . one person wrote : ' the mother of the year is toya graham - she is now my hero - i love her - she is awesome - she parents - love her . ' someone else said : ' # toyagraham my respect to the mother who tried to stop her son from joining the # baltimoreriotss . as i often say ' off with his hoodie '' . another twitter user added : ' mother 's day is may 10th , someone better do something for toya graham ! ' blows rained down on the son 's head as he struggled to get away while a large crowd looked on . one twitter user said : ' mother 's day is may 10th , someone better do something for toya graham ' .