gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from the shops near his home in truro , cornwall , because he has autism and looks vulnerable . a community is rallying around a defenceless man who was viciously beaten in a sustained and sickening attack by a gang of thugs - because he 's autistic . more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth blanks after the attack that saw him kicked and punched more than 20 times . mr blanks , 31 , was walking home after buying a chocolate bar when he was approached by a group of three men and one woman at around 8.30pm on april 17 . he was taunted by the group before snatching the hat from his head . when he tried to retrieve the garment , he was pushed to the ground , and one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body . mr blanks is now recovering at his home in truro , cornwall , but his family say it will take him a long time to recover , and he has been left with deep mental scars . an online support group called support gareth , which has already attracted over 1,500 likes on facebook with several leaving messages of support . his mother , sandra , 54 , who works as a dinner lady said : ' he 's still very distraught , he 's shook up and it 's going to take him some time before he can go out on his own again . ' they clearly targeted because of his condition . he does look vulnerable and walks around in his own little world . they did n't take anything about from his hat so their intention was clearly just to take the mickey out of him . ' when he came in , he was crying and really upset . ' as a mum , it was horrific to see . i am now just spending all my time trying to get my son sorted out . ' all the support he has got has been a tremendous help and we are so grateful . ' but this will take him a long time to get over . the physical scars will heal a lot quicker than the mental ones . ' mrs blanks , who has five children kelly , 33 , samantha , 27 , lyndsey , 29 , and roy , 34 , added : ' i really think need the people responsible need help themselves . there is a lot i would like to say about them - but i ca n't . ' i do n't think they would have liked to have got the beating they gave to my son . ' police are investigating the crime by pouring over cctv footage , and are confident they will catch the attackers . mr blanks , pictured , here with his sisters kelly , left , and lindsey , and mother sandra , right , was ' hysterical ' when he returned to his home in truro in cornwall following the attack on april 17 at 8.30pm . his sister kelly blanks said : ' when he came home he was in a hysterical state and you could n't get any sense out of him . ' investigation office pc kim james , from devon and cornwall police , said : ' it was a vicious and unprovoked attack by a female and three males in their late teens or early 20s . ' sergeant marc sayers , from truro police , said : ' this is clearly a cowardly attack on a vulnerably young man going about his normal business . it was almost pack activity . ' we take all attacks extremely seriously but this is exceptional , it was completely unwarranted and unprovoked . ' it also appears to have been quite a sustained attack on a male who was quite defenceless . ' three men and a woman attacked mr blanks as he returned from the shop after buying a bar of chocolate .