an australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows . documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind . australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal , according to documents obtained the abc . an australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows ( stock image ) . the foi documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission in india and department of foreign affairs and trade were aware the couple was from new south wales , where it is illegal to enter into international surrogacy arrangements . conversations between the australian high commission in new delhi and government officials in canberra detail how the couple travelled to india in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a baby girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind because they could not afford him . the couple reportedly told staff they wanted a baby girl to ' complete their family ' . the australian man told consulate staff he would be giving the boy to some friends in india ' who were unable to conceive a child ' , according to the report . the couple was told the boy would be left stateless if they followed through on plans to abandon him , because india does not recognise surrogate children as citizens . documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind . ' if the parents do not apply for australian citizenship for the child , the child will be stateless in india ... our ability to provide assistance to a non australian citizen is limited , ' a dfat email in december , 2012 said . there were also fears last year that the boy may have been sold . chief justice of the family court , diana bryant , said consular staff had told her of their concerns . the foi documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission in india and department of foreign affairs and trade were aware the couple was from new south wales , where it is illegal to enter into international surrogacy arrangements . ' they expressed to me that in fact money had changed hands , and if that 's true , then that 's basically trafficking children , ' she said . ' we 're commoditising children and that 's a huge concern . it 's in breach of all sorts of human rights conventions – it 's a criminal offence in many places . ' if money was paid , any adoption would be deemed invalid under india 's hindu adoption act . the indian case is similar to the recent baby gammy case , who was born in thailand to a surrogate mother and whose australian parents only brought back his twin sister . the full story will be shown on abc 's foreign correspondent at 8pm on tuesday .