protesters opposing the construction of a $ 1.4billion telescope on a mountain in hawaii they consider to be sacred were arrested after blocking a road leading to the site . police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world 's largest telescopes is being built . while the native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself , they disagree with the location of the construction on mauna kea - the highest point in the state which is considered a home of deities . about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $ 250 bail . scroll down for video . department of land and natural resources officers arrest a thirty meter telescope protester at the telescope building site on the summit of mauna kea in hilo , hawaii on thursday . thirty meter telescope protesters chant after being arrested from the telescope building site on the summit of mauna kea . native hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins , said kealoha pisciotta , an opponent of the telescope project . and scientists believe the site is ideal location for one of the world 's largest telescopes because of its remote and sheltered position , nestled in the crater of a dormant volcano . ' it is the burial grounds of some of our most sacred and revered ancestors , ' said she said . ' it is a place where we go for sanctuary and release from the world around us , and it is also the home of our god . ' all of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities , according to pisciotta . ' i would n't consider it civil disobedience . we consider it civil assistance , ' protestor kahookahi kanuha said reports hawaii news now . ' we were attempting to assist the authorities in upholding the law . ' and those who are being disobedient to the law are those with tmt , who are continuing to break the regulations of developing on conservational land . ' after the vehicles were allowed to pass , about 40 to 50 people began following the trucks , which moved slowly because of their heavy loads . protesters are preventing construction of a giant telescope near the summit of a mountain held sacred by native hawaiians . some consider the $ 1.4 billion thirty meter telescope project as desecrating the big island 's mauna kea ( on monday protesters formed a road block outside the mauna kea visitors center ) . department of land and natural resources officers lead thirty meter telescope protesters from the telescope building site on the summit of mauna kea on thursday . work got underway after protesters were arrested and their path was cleared to the summit , sandra dawson , a spokeswoman for the project , said in an email to the associated press . police said they warned protesters after an incident monday that anyone who blocked the road would be arrested . on monday , more than 50 protesters formed a roadblock monday that stopped about 15 vehicles carrying workers up mauna kea , causing workers to wait more than eight hours before making their way down the mountain . ' we regret that police action had to be taken to enable our legal access to the project site , ' thirty meter telescope project manager gary sanders said in a statement relating to thursday 's arrests . opponents who question whether land appraisals were done correctly and whether native hawaiian groups had been consulted have tried to prevent the construction of the telescope . a department of land and natural resources officer , center left , comforts a thirty meter telescope protester on the summit . protests also disrupted a groundbreaking and hawaiian blessing ceremony last year , but no one was arrested . in fact , some protesters who yelled during the ceremony later apologized to event organizers and helped put away chairs , pisciotta said . ' we said aloha to each other , and we hugged , ' she said . university of hawaii spokesman dan meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests , but that access to site must be maintained . ' if the university had a heart , it would be broken right now , ' he said about thursday 's arrests . however , ' we have to make sure the road is safe for whoever wants to be there . ' the university sub-leases the land atop mauna kea for the telescope project , and it has always maintained that protesters would have free access to the site as long as they were not breaking any laws , he said . meisenzahl said he was not certain why the arrests were made . the observatory is expected to be operational by 2024 , the same year a 39-meter telescope is expected to be completed in chile .