former england captain kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ' target ' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season . sinfield , 34 , the greatest captain in leeds ' history , stunned the world of rugby league on tuesday with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract . leeds rhinos captain kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season . castleford head coach daryl powell , the man who made sinfield captain at the age of 22 , trod the same path , although in a coaching capacity after losing the rhinos top job in 2003 , and has a word of warning for his former team-mate . ' it surprised me a little bit , ' powell said . ' it will be interesting to see if he can make a success of it but he 's been an outstanding player and captain within the sport and you would n't back against him . i think he 's been unbelievable in his career . ' he wo n't need my advice . he knows what he 's doing . i 'm sure he will have done all his homework . sinfield ( centre ) lifts the super league trophy after leeds beat warrington in the grand final in october 2012 . ' it 's certainly a challenge . you look at sam burgess and what he 's going through , and iestyn harris - it 's tough . it 's not an easy thing to do . ' the one thing you do have is a bit of a sign on you , on your head . you 're a bit of a target . ' it 's a completely different sport . it will be interesting to see what position he 's going to play , but i wish him all the best . ' sinfield is tackled during a match between leeds rhinos and leigh centurions last year . sinfield , who has guided the rhinos to six super league titles , three world club challenges and the challenge cup in 2014 at the expense of powell 's castleford , will be the second high-profile departure from headingley at the end of the year following jamie peacock 's appointment as hull kr 's new football manager . the former golden boot winner is closing in on third place in rugby league 's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points , but powell believes his old club have a ready-made replacement in 20-year-old liam sutcliffe , who has deputised for an injured sinfield in the last two matches . ' they 've got some really good young players , ' powell said . ' liam sutcllife has slotted in there and seems to be doing a good job . he looks like a mature young player who can handle things pretty much the way kevin did when he was a young fella . sinfield ( left ) in action for england against france during the 2013 rugby league world cup quarter-final . ' i was obviously at the back end of my career when kevin started and it looked like he was going to be an outstanding player . but i do n't think anyone could have foreseen how good he was going to be and how many things he would win and how much he would grow as a leader in the game . he 's been awesome . ' sinfield has been named in leeds ' 19-man squad for friday 's derby at castleford , but coach brian mcdermott will not rush his skipper back . ' i 'm not sure if he 's going to be fit for friday , ' mcdermott said . ' what we have got to make sure when kev does come back into the team is that he 's 100 per cent fit . ' sutcliffe 's played really well in these last couple of games . he 's held his own and in some parts of the games has played really well . ' it 's good to know that while kevin 's in recovery , sutty is doing a good job and getting more experience . ' 