an armed robber who held up a shop with a knife was caught because his own former mother-in-law was working behind the till . kyle iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown , the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter . he attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice , but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away . scroll down for video . caught : robber kyle iveson , left , was apprehended by his own mother-in-law karen brown , right . cctv images show iveson , 24 , taking a 12in knife into the thorougoods shop in clitheroe , lancashire and threatening mrs brown , 54 . he escaped with £650 , but was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article . speaking after iveson was jailed for three years at preston crown court , mrs brown said : ' he was shouting and swearing and straight away i knew it was him . ' he was one of those people who has a certain type of walk and although he had a scarf around his face and his hood up , i recognised him a mile off . ' i think it was half personal and half to line his pockets - but he 's stupid and he thought i would n't know it was him . ' terror : iveson was brandishing a 12in knife when he burst into the convenience store . threat : the robber demanded money from mrs brown while trying to hide his identity . the court heard that mrs brown had known iveson for several years , after he had a year-long relationship with her daughter and the couple had a child together . prosecutor neil basarya said : ' she was in a state of panic and attempted to open the till.the till was opened and a large amount of notes were taken by iveson . ' at one point he dropped some to the floor and collected them before exiting the shop , still holding the knife up . ' in a victim impact statement read out to the court , mrs brown described iveson as extremely aggressive and said the robbery had made her feel vulnerable whenever a customer entered the shop wearing a hood . ' all i want is my life back how it was and then i hope i can return to a normal and happy life , ' she said . defending iveson , adam lodge said he was addicted to heroin and had committed the robbery to fund his habit . mr lodge said : ' there is some degree of remorse and he does mention that this incident would have been petrifying for her , but mentions she was not the specific target . ' theft : he pulled out £650 in cash from the till but was arrested by police shortly afterwards . target : the robbery took place at the thorougoods convenience store in clitheroe , lancashire . judge jonathan gibson told iveson : ' you had a long kitchen knife and you used that knife to point towards the lady who was serving in the shop . ' not surprisingly , the offence has had a very significant impact on her . ' as well as three years in prison , iveson is subject to a restraining order which bans him from contacting mrs brown in any way . reliving the moment that iveson threatened her , mrs brown said : ' he just came at it with me , he was holding it in the air . he came round the side of the counter and he had the knife at the side of me . ' he was trying to get the till open and he kept saying `` you 'd better get that till open now '' , and calling me a b**** . ' i was determined not to let him know it was me , i just kept saying , `` calm down , calm down . '' ' after the sentencing , the victim said that iveson 's jail term was ' not long enough ' , adding : ' it was terrifying for me and it has ruined my life . it 's no comfort at all knowing he will be out again in no time . ' i wish i could say he will change but i know he wo n't . he picked the shop because he knew i would be working , he knew my shift patterns . ' he came in 15 minutes after i 'd started my shift that night , and it made it worse for me knowing who it was because i did n't think he would stop at anything . ' my daughter 's relationship with him was a mistake and we try not to have anything to do with him . i have my granddaughter out of it and i would n't change her for the world , but otherwise i wish he did n't exist . ' he used to take great pleasure in grinning and taunting us when he saw us but we tried to ignore him and not let him get to us . i 'm not surprised he did something like this . ' 