notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager just a week after the club announced that he was unable to commit to the role . the former tottenham and hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to ' family reasons ' at the end of march but on tuesday moved to meadow lane on a three-year deal . the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into sky bet league two , with the magpies currently one point from safety . notts county have appointed former tottenham and hamburg coach ricardo moniz as their new manager . moniz has six games to save notts county from relegation to league two with the club one point from safety . notts county have been without a permanent manager since the departure of shaun derry on march 23 , with paul hart and mick halsall taking caretaker charge of their recent games . but moniz , who steered red bull salzburg to austrian league and cup glory in the 2011/12 campaign , will now take the reins . the club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz 's assistant , with strength and conditioning coach mike edwards and goalkeeping coach kevin pilkington remaining in their posts . the league one club have confirmed that dave kevan will be moniz 's assistant at meadow lane . magpies chairman ray trew told the club 's official website : ' as i have said previously , i set out on our search for a new manager with an open mind but with a determination to find someone who would be able to bring a new level of excitement to notts county . ' i think in ricardo we have found that because , having spoken to him at length , his footballing philosophy is one of structured attacking play , which i hope is something that our fans will buy into , because i know that when i come to meadow lane i want to be entertained , i want to be excited by what i see out there on the pitch . ' results , of course , are the yardstick by which managers are ultimately judged , but if we can play the sort of football that gets people off their seats and instil in our players the desire to take games to our opponents , i think we can make a real impression in this division . notts county have been without a permanent manager since the departure of shaun derry on march 23 . ' ricardo has a fantastic reputation within the game , not only for the style of football that he plays , but also his ability to spot and nurture young talent , so i am confident that his appointment will be of benefit to all levels of the club . ' in dave i have been able to bring in someone who knows this level of football and , perhaps equally importantly , knows this football club . he 's a notts county person and i am delighted that he agreed to return for what i feel is an exciting period ahead for the club . ' the new management team 's immediate goal is clear , with survival in league one our short-term aim obviously , but work is already under way to ensure that we have the best possible squad available to make a real impression next season . '