women with advanced cervical cancer – the most common cancer afflicting young women – are to get the first officially approved new treatment for a decade . trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women around four months’ extra life . the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators . patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund ( cdf ) until it is considered for routine nhs use . it has been available in england via the cdf since last march pending licensing . scroll down for video . drug : trials show avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women about four months’ extra life . each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from avastin , costing £3,370 for a month’s treatment . the drug’s use was accelerated by the us food and drug administration which approved avastin plus chemotherapy for advanced cervical cancer in august 2014 . nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the uk each year , and it kills around 1,000 women . cervical cancer , which is cancer of the neck of the womb , is the most common cancer in women aged 35 and under . it is treated with surgery , radiotherapy and chemotherapy and if diagnosed and treated early the outlook is good . however , for patients who are diagnosed when their cancer is at a more advanced stage it becomes more difficult to treat and a cure is unlikely . reality tv star jade goody died in march 2009 aged 27 after a very public battle with the disease . the time between her diagnosis and death was just months , suggesting her cancer was already at an advanced stage on diagnosis and within five months it had spread . cervical cancer : reality tv star jade goody died in 2009 aged 27 after a very public battle with the disease . avastin , which is also known as bevacizumab and widely used in patients with bowel cancer , is the first new treatment since the chemotherapy drug topotecan was approved in 2006 . dr mary mccormack , consultant clinical oncologist at university college hospital , said ‘ cervical cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in younger women . ‘ for those women with metastatic disease ( that has spread ) or whose cancer recurs after surgery/chemoradiation there are very few treatment options . it is very welcome indeed that when avastin is added to chemotherapy it prolongs survival by approximately four months . ‘ for a young mother sitting in front of you with small children , or indeed any patient with cancer , that length of time can be extremely important . ’ robert music , chief executive of jo’s cervical cancer trust , said ‘ this regulatory decision for avastin is positive news . to date , prognosis for women who receive a late-stage diagnosis of cervical cancer has often been poor . ‘ any additional time that can be provided through new drugs with limited impact on quality of life is extremely valuable to patients and their families . ’ trial findings show avastin combined with chemotherapy can extend the lives of women with advanced cervical cancer by 26 per cent compared with chemotherapy alone . the drug , made by switzerland-based drug makers roche , led to overall survival of 17 months compared to 13 months . avastin works by blocking the blood supply to the tumour , starving it of oxygen and nutrients . an independent blood supply is critical for a tumour to grow beyond 2mm and spread to other parts of the body.11 . tumours develop their own blood supply in a process called angiogenesis by releasing vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ) – a key driver for tumour growth . avastin is an antibody that precisely targets and inhibits vegf .