chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year , according to a new documentary . some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed , it has been claimed . one former medical student revealed how ‘ blood was still running’ as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband , a surgeon , had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive . scroll down for video . thousands of organs are being harvested from political prisoners in china with the falungong group a key target , it is claimed . members of the group are shown mocking up an operation as part of a 2014 protest . the harrowing details were revealed in the sbs dateline documentary human harvest : china 's organ trafficking which charted an eight year investigation in to what is said to be a multi-billion pound ‘organs-on-demand’ transplant programme . it reveals red cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in china , even though the country has the second highest rate of transplants in the world . human rights lawyer and nobel peace prize nominee david matas told leon lee’s documentary that political prisoners make up the huge difference in the figures – with the banned religious group , the falun gong , a key target . ‘ somebody 's being killed for the organs . there 's no other way to explain what 's happening , ’ he said . mr matas added that this explained the short wait for transplants in the country . human rights lawyer david matas ( pictured ) claims people are being killed for organs in china - a country where there are only 37 registered organ donors according to the red cross . ‘ everywhere else in the world it would be months and years . when you book a transplant in advance , for a heart transplant , and you go to china and you get a transplant within a few days . ’ the documentary claims that doctors and medical students in state-run military and civilian hospitals are taking thousands of organs a year from donors while they are still alive . one former health worker is quoted as saying : ‘ i testify to the atrocious crime that the hospital committed in removing livers and corneas from living falun gong members . ‘ some of them were still alive when they were secretly burnt in the incinerator that was in the boiler room . ’ it has been claimed that members of the banned religious group , the falun gong , are key targets ( file picture ) . one medical student revealed how he took a liver and two kidneys from one person in an operation that took 30 minutes . chinese officials have denied the allegations , saying that organs are taken from volunteers , the sydney morning herald reports . sbs quotes health minister jiefu huang as having said in a previous state television interview : ' the main source of our organs is from death row prisoners . ' but china 's government last year vowed that this programme would be wound up by august this year . officials have faced criticism over the use of death row prisoners , but human rights lawyers involved in the investigation want further action with those responsible brought before the international criminal court in the hague . the documentary aired on tuesday night on sbs dateline .