amir khan has gone face to face with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion . khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently , with british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year . amir khan appears on the screen as adrien broner urges him to make their fight happen on facetime . broner says , ' let 's get this money ' , in the short video of their conversation posted on instagram . khan has n't fought since his win over devon alexander in december and has struggled to find an opponent . broner has been relentless in his calling out of khan since his comfortable win over john molina jr . but in the shorter term , the bolton fighter has held talks with american broner , who tweeted a video of himself and khan talking via video . he included the hashtag # bronervskhan . in the video , broner tells khan : ‘ hey , tell them to make the fight , man , let’s get this money . ’ it’s by no means certain that the fight will go ahead , with broner seemingly more keen than khan . however , the brit has previously encouraged talk of a bout against a man whose brash manner has made him a big draw in his homeland . khan is targeting a fight at the end of may before breaking for ramadan in mid-june , with a distant hope of facing the winner of floyd mayweather’s may 2 showdown with manny pacquiao . brook remains the money-spinning fight on the agenda , with khan having said on tuesday that he wants to fight the ibf welterweight world champion at wembley within 12 months . broner posts a cheeky artist 's impression of what he believes would happen should he fight khan . khan has said he would love to fight broner in lieu of not being able to get in the ring with floyd mayweather . khan says he has given his word to his next opponent and will be making an announcement ' very soon ' . brook was due to fight in july but revealed he has brought forward his plans following his demolition of jo jo dan last saturday . he said : ‘ i have told eddie hearn to get me out as soon as possible and i want to fight twice before the end of the summer , starting at the end of may . ’ 