victor wanyama took to social media on thursday in a bid to dismiss rumours he was set to quit southampton for arsenal . ' to cut the story short have never spoken to wenger , ' kenyam midfielder wanyama wrote on twitter , prompting an outpouring of praise from southampton fans , and less enthusiastic responses from gunners supporters . the saints enforcer later followed those comments with a series of tweets , saying : ' the newspaper article does not say that i have spoken to wenger or anyone else from arsenal - and that 's the truth . ' victor wanyama 's stock has risen in the premier league since arriving at southampton from celtic . saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the emirates . the sun linked the 23-year-old with arsenal , quoting wanyama as saying wenger had been discussing him and had ' let it be known ' he was interested in signing the former celtic powerhouse . he was linked with the gunners before moving from celtic to southampton for £12.5million in 2013 and his stock has risen in the premier league after forging a midfield partnership with another reported arsenal target morgan schneiderlin . the kenya international reportedly told the sun that he is open to a move that would see him playing champions league football next season after wenger expressed interest in signing him . according to the paper , wanyama said : ' wenger has been talking about me , and he has let it be known he would like to sign me this summer , ' arsenal are a great club and i 'd love to play champions league football as i loved being on that stage with celtic . ' but we 've had a fantastic season at saints and i want to stay focused on helping the club qualify for europe . then we 'll see where i end up in the summer . ' southampton are expected to lose more players in the summer , including morgan schneiderlin . wanyama has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with former saints boss mauricio pochettino at tottenham . the tough-tackling midfielder has also been linked with a reunion with former saints boss mauricio pochettino at tottenham and wanyama has apparently not ruled out a move to the opposite end of north london . ' if i get the chance , maybe , ' he reportedly told the sun . ' you never know what will happen in the future . it 's nice to be linked with other clubs as it means i 'm playing well . ' despite surprising many with their positive performances this season , especially after losing star players including luke shaw , adam lallana and dejan lovren , ronald koeman 's side is expected to to lose the likes of schneiderlin and nathaniel clyne at the end of the season .  