a man stuck by a serious bowel infection has been cured after undergoing a faecal transplant , with stools donated by his daughter . len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile , suffering bouts of diarrhoea . he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain . despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement . it was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant . len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant . his daughter debbie , left , acted as donor . ' i 'd never heard of it before , ' said mr barnes . ' i thought , `` come on , you 're taking the mickey '' . ' but my doctor explained that mixing healthy poo with my poo - and transferring it back into my bowel mixed with warm water - would give someone 's healthy bacteria the chance to fight with my bad bacteria . and when gastroenterologist chris wells raised the issue of finding a suitable donor , mr barnes ' daughter debbie stepped in . the 52-year-old 's stools were tested to ensure they were suitable and free from harmful bacteria . mr barnes , from stockton , was then admitted to the university hospital of north tees . the procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut , by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people . once ms barnes ' stools were approved , they were mixed with water and filtered . the solution was then transplanted into mr barnes ' gut via an endoscope - a long , thin , flexible tube that has a light source and a video camera at one end . ' i had a bit of sedation but watched it all happening on the screen in the endoscopy unit , ' he said . gastroenterologist dr chris wells performed the procedure at the university hospital of north tees . ' i was interesting . i knew it had worked straight away . ' the next day dr wells said i could go home and everything was back to normal . ' dr wells , said : ' faecal transplantation does n't sound very appealing but it 's a very effective remedy in patients like len . ' transplanting faeces from one person to another does seem a bit unusual but actually it 's using healthy gut bacteria to fight off infection . ' our bowels are packed full of billions of bacteria and these play an important role in maintaining health . ' dr wells said there had been a significant reduction in the number of c-diff cases in the trust over the past few years but it was reassuring to know that faecal transplant was now an option to treat the condition . in march last year the national institute for health and care excellence published new guidelines , naming faecal transplants as a recognised form of treatment for c-diff infections . experts deemed the procedure is ' safe enough to be used in the nhs ' . an analysis of seven studies , involving 558 patients , revealed nearly all patients were cured . in one study , the infection came back in around one in 20 patients within five weeks , compared with more than half of the patients given antibiotics . in another study , the infection came back in around one in 50 patients between 29 days and four years after faecal transplant . nice concluded it did n't make much difference if the transplant was from a relative or stranger , or if the transplant had been frozen or not .  