charlie adam looked up , noticed thibaut courtois was off his line , and thought : ‘ why not ? ’ why not , indeed . the stoke city midfielder was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the barclays premier league’s strike of the season . david beckham did it against wimbledon in august 1996 , as did wayne rooney against west ham last march . there was xabi alonso in 2006 and maynor figueroa three years later , too . charlie adam ( centre ) lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at chelsea . thibaut courtois watches on as he is unable to stop adam 's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1 . yet this was different . it was not a hit and hope . it was not a lob . this was a direct shot from deep inside adam’s own half which fooled one of the world’s greatest goalkeepers — and adam meant it . sportmail’s jamie redknapp agreed . ‘ this is better than beckham , more audacious than rooney’s last season , this is one of the best strikes we’ve ever seen . it’s an absolutely incredible piece of play by charlie adam . ‘ you categorise goals as great individual efforts or team goals , but that was a piece of genius . to even try it is brilliant . ’ even by the standards those at stamford bridge are used to seeing week in , week out , this was special . particularly because it came from an unexpected source , from a ‘ bloke who looks like a bus driver’ , as former english cricket captain freddie flintoff colourfully put it . nineteen years ago , when beckham introduced himself to the world with his goal from the halfway line , he did so wearing the wrong footwear . the manchester united great beat wimbledon goalkeeper neil sullivan wearing custom-made boots embroidered with ‘charlie’ on the tongue — adidas sending beckham a pair which were actually intended for rangers attacking midfielder charlie miller . adam ( second left ) admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game . david beckham struck from inside his own half for manchester united against wimbledon in 1996 . beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for united on the opening day of the 1996-97 season . chelsea became the second team to score 100 penalties in the premier league . liverpool were the first and have now scored 102 . miller never got his boots as they were retired , turned into a museum piece , having helped beckham towards his first of 115 england caps less than three weeks later against moldova . from one scottish charlie to another , adam plans to frame his boots and shirt from stamford bridge , but this goal is unlikely to be the making of the former rangers , blackpool and liverpool midfielder as it was for beckham . yet in the four seconds it took for the ball to go from boot to net , adam disproved the theory that sequels are never better than the original . ‘ the manager kept saying to me , “ come in the middle of the pitch” , to try to get on the ball , ’ adam said . ‘i’m not a winger , i’m not a wide left midfielder , i don’t have the pace to go in behind so i’ve seen an opening , i’ve seen the goalie off his line and i thought , “ why not do it at a place like chelsea ? ” 'i’ve seen the goalie back-pedalling and i was praying it would go in . i’ll remember it for the rest of my career . ’ from spain’s marca to italy’s la gazzetta dello sport , the goal has been admired worldwide . one man who does not want to see it again , however , is jose mourinho . it left a black mark against a win which moved them seven points clear at the top of the premier league , yet even the chelsea manager can admire a wonder-goal when one comes along , as much as it hurts to admit it . even chelsea boss jose mourinho had to admit that adam 's goal was a strike of the highest quality . adam ( right ) celebrates with his stoke city team-mates after scoring at stamford bridge on saturday . ‘ it was a fantastic goal , every player in the world would like to score a goal like that , ’ mourinho said . ‘ diego maradona to lionel messi to all these brilliant players . not all of them did score that goal in their careers . ’ maradona , messi , and adam . unlike the argentinian greats , he is known more for his heavy tackling , as gareth bale found out when he suffered ankle ligament damage in may 2011 . yet this was straight from the pele playbook . stoke had not managed a single shot on target with half-time minutes away and there seemed no danger as adam picked up the ball 10 yards inside his own half . courtois mistakenly thought the same . yet this is nothing new from adam . he did it for blackpool reserves previously , and ross county , too . asked if it is something he thinks about using regularly during a game , adam said : ‘ every time . ’ midway through this interview , chelsea striker didier drogba interrupts . ‘ why ? ’ he asks adam in mock indignation . ‘ tell me why ? ’ to which adam replies : ‘ i watch your videos . ’ indeed there are compilations of goals just as outrageous on youtube and , on saturday , adam rightly earned his place in history among them . 