how do you fancy taking a tour of the grand mosque of abu dhabi , seeing berlin 's historic checkpoint charlie or exploring cape peninsula in south africa ? you can now have a real holiday 'e-xperience ' from the comfort of your own home , and importantly , for a fraction of the price . park inn by radisson has today announced the launch of a pioneering , new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of ' holiday ' . the grand mosque in abu dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . e-scapes is the world 's first ' virtual holiday ' experience on social media – allowing customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels , whilst actually still at home . for just the fraction of the price of a traditional ' holiday ' , the holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles and ' transports ' them away on the 'e-trip ' of a lifetime . while e-scape customers are relaxing at home , their social media accounts - including facebook , twitter , instagram and snapchat – are updated to give the illusion they 're on a trip away . to create these 'e-experiences ' , a dedicated team of social media specialists prepare a tailored itinerary of airport check-ins , status updates and attendance at all the best destination hotspots and events . the famous checkpoint charlie was the famous berlin wall crossing between east berlin and west berlin during the cold war . in addition , e-scapes ' designers use cutting-edge photo manipulation software to produce flawless photos of customers at their chosen destination , much to the envy of their friends and followers . the rise of ' social media swaggering ' has produced a new type of traveller , one who values kudos within their social groups over a physical trip away and the experience it brings . the mirage of being well-travelled on social media , is sometimes perceived more important than the travel experience itself . berlin . from just €19 ( £14 ) . includes visits to the reichstag , checkpoint charlie and berlin cathedral . fine dining at the famous heising restaurant . wild night ( and morning ) at techno club tresor . price includes unique content across facebook , twitter and instagram . cape town . from just €29 ( £21 ) . includes visits to the cape peninsula , robben island and victoria & alfred waterfront . great white shark cage diving . sophisticated dining at the renowned la colombe restaurant . price includes unique content across facebook , snapchat and instagram . abu dhabi . from just €39 ( £29 ) . includes visits to the grand mosque , heritage village and yas island . sunset cruise on the persian gulf . incredible views from the etihad towers observation deck . price includes unique content across facebook , instagram and twitter . with this knowledge , park inn by radisson becomes the first travel brand in the world to offer a virtual holiday experience for the new breed of digital traveller . at launch , park inn by radisson e-scapes will offer three of the world 's most stylish destinations for an 'e-xperience ' . starting from just €19 ( £14 ) , berlin , cape town and abu dhabi will be available to book directly on parkinn.com/e-scapes , with plans already for an expansion of e-scape locations in 2016 . ' the way we live and the way we travel have been significantly changed by the role of digital platforms such as facebook , twitter and instagram , says martin müller , director of park inn by radisson e-scapes . ' the rapid rise of ' social swaggering ' has led us to take the extraordinary step of creating a brand new travel concept , catering to the needs and wants of the customer of the future . ' with e-xperiences at three launch destinations , park inn by radisson e-scapes can make customers appear interesting , cultured and more importantly , well-travelled on their social profiles – all from the comfort of their own home . ' today , we 're incredibly excited to be announcing one of the most significant developments in the history of travel . ' ' when i signed up to take part in park inn by radisson e-scapes , i was n't quite sure what to expect , but the results were phenomenal . they took over all my social profiles , facebook , twitter , snapchat and instagram , and created my ' social media holiday , ' said elisabeth jones , e-scapes ' first customer . ' my abu dhabi adventure included visits to the grand mosque , heritage village , yas island and a sunset cruise on the persian gulf . it all looked so beautiful , i even started to feel as if i 'd been there for real . ' even old school friends who i had n't seen for years were coming out to comment on how well i looked and say they were really jealous of my amazing journey , ' she added . the cape peninsula in south africa offer unrivalled views , and know you can see them for yourself . 