kevin pietersen has hinted the first chapter of his county comeback could be streamed live to fans . the divisive batsman has re-signed for surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely england recall , having been thrown an apparent lifeline by incoming ecb chairman colin graves . he has not played in the lv= county championship since 2013 but is set to start the season with the brown caps in the hope of turning the selectors ' heads and reversing last year 's controversial sacking . kevin pietersen will step up his attempts to earn an england recall when he starts batting on monday . the 34-year-old pietersen wants to end his england absence that started after the 2013-14 ashes whitewash . pietersen ( right ) rejoined surrey after incoming ecb chairman colin graves said domestic form would help . the 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 and he is due to return to the nets on monday . pietersen announced that to his 2.3 million twitter followers on easter sunday , raising the prospect of using the social network 's new broadcast app , periscope , to showcase his session in real time . he wrote : ' starting to bat tomorrow ... might @ periscopeco it , so all of you can watch it live & see how i get on . should i ? # comeback ' . quite how pietersen 's ' # comeback ' will pan out in the long term is unclear . he clearly feels graves ' words are encouragement enough of a test recall but after so many bitter recriminations - and one dazzlingly indiscreet autobiography - there are still many bridges to build . his decision to hit the county trail , so long a bete noire in his career , at least offers the platform for him to nudge both selectorial and public opinion from close quarters . but when england flew to the west indies on thursday ahead of the forthcoming test series , the messages were thoroughly mixed . captain alastair cook , who was not given a glittering write-up in the pietersen 's book , largely absolved himself from the decision-making process , insisting it would be taken by graves , managing director of england cricket paul downton and chief executive tom harrison . coach peter moores was less ambiguous . moores was sacked from his first stint in charge in 2008 , partially at the behest of pietersen , whose intervention also cost him the captaincy . incoming ecb chairman graves advised that signing for a domestic side would help pietersen 's cause . alastair cook ( left ) was coy on pietersen 's chances of a recall but peter moores said he ' is n't on the radar ' . moores was previously dismissed as england coach at the behest of pietersen when he was captain . he was then belittled as a nagging ' woodpecker ' in the the batsman 's memoir and reconciliation between the two men would appear a stretch . asked at gatwick about the situation , moores said : ' from my point of view , kevin is n't on the radar . ' he would , therefore , seem an unlikely viewer of pietersen 's periscope net session . 