a dog breeder and her husband have been jailed for animal cruelty after their animals were found in the ' worst conditions ever seen ' . margaret and gary mazan from bradford , west yorkshire , had their 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors after the animals were discovered in filthy cages in a garden shed . the court heard how the animals had matted fur , were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet . cruel : margaret mazan ( pictured ) and her husband gary were found guilty of animal cruelty after their 14 red setters were found in appalling conditions . sentenced : margaret ( left ) and gary mazan ( right ) were jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets , which they can not appeal for 25 years . three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed . magistrates heard the couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails . mrs mazan , 53 , who was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years , chose not to give evidence at bradford and keighley magistrates ' court during the two-day trial . her husband gary , 51 , who is a long-distance lorry driver , claimed it was mrs mazan who had sole responsibility for the dogs . crammed : the animals were found with matted fur and inside cramped , filthy cages inside a garden shed . seized : rspca inspectors discovered the animals in some of the ' worst conditions ' they had ever seen . owner : mrs mazan , who was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years , chose not to give evidence at bradford and keighley magistrates ' court during the two-day trial . the animals had been kept at the family 's home since they moved from leeds to bradford in february 2013 . a month after the move the rspca served a warning notice due to the conditions the dogs were being kept in , which had been adhered to by the time they visited again in april 2013 . but concerns over the welfare of the animals were raised by a dog warden after they were refused access to the property and called the rspca . emma ellis , an rspca inspector for bradford who attended the scene and helped to seize the animals , said it was the worst conditions she has seen in her 12 years as an inspector . she said : ' to see 12 dogs living in a small shed , with three fully grown setters living in a puppy cage is horrific . ' they could not sit down or turn around and there fur was matted , covered in urine and faeces . ' when the shed was opened , the smell literally hit you and it was a small like i had never experienced before . i still recall the smell every time i see the photos . caged : the animals had been kept at the bradford home since the family moved from leeds in february 2013 . matted : the couple were said to have caused unnecessary suffering to the dogs as they failed to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails ( pictured ) . ' to keep animals in these conditions is unacceptable for anyone , let a alone a dog breeder . ' the animals are now currently under the care of the rspca , after the charity demanded ownership of all the mazans ' pets , including an additional dog , called clever . the dog , which belonged to the family 's daughter who was away at university , had been chipped in mrs mazan 's name and magistrates decided to transfer custody of the animal , alongside the other 14 dogs , to the rspca . dingle clark , prosecuting on behalf of the rspca , told the court that boarding costs for the dogs since they were seized had reached £48,000 , with an additional £7,000 in vets fees . filthy : three of the fully grown dogs were found by rspca inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed . all animals are now in the charity 's care . sentencing the pair to 26 weeks in jail , allie coward , chairman of the bench , said : ' we have considered all the evidence , and this was the most heinous act of cruelty against defenceless animals we have ever seen . ' an immediate appeal against the sentence was made and a request for bail ahead of any appeal hearing at the crown court , but the application for bail was denied by the court . the pair were also given a lifetime ban against owning or keeping any animal , and told they can not appeal against the order for at least 25 years .