renee somerfield , the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . the yellow protein world ad , currently plastered all over billboards around the london underground , features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading ' are you beach body ready ? ' the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners , with a change.org petition started , general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to go to the beach . renee somerfield , the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . the sight of the 24-year-old 's curves towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners . online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters . ' we are a nation of sympathisers for fatties , ' a spokesperson for protein world tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert . ' why make your insecurities our problem ? ' one critic of the ad has inspired her own hashtag - # growupharriet - as the company responded to her request about whether she , as a normal woman , was allowed on the beach with a collage of fitness magazine covers and the cheeky hashtag . and now the blonde at the centre of the summer body storm has responded to the ' contradictory ' drama , with a very level-headed argument citing the irony of people getting angry about body shaming , whilst body shaming her . the vegan fitness fanatic told huffington post : ' i think nearly every ad campaign you have ever seen is open to interpretation . but saying the ad is body shaming by body shaming the image is very contradictory . two wrongs do n't make a right . ' the blonde at the centre of the summer body storm has responded to the ' contradictory ' drama with a very level-headed argument citing the irony of people getting angry about body shaming , whilst body shaming her . renee , who is a strict vegan , said : ' i am a real person behind the image . i work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why protein world chose me for their campaign . ' renee , who is a strict vegan , said : ' i am a real person behind the image . i work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why protein world chose me for their campaign . i could n't work every day as a full time model by starving myself , dieting or not looking after my body . nourish your body , be kind to it and it will love you right back , no matter your size . ' i agree that all bodies are ' beach body ready ' . skinny , curvy , muscular , petite , tall , short , young and old . confidence is beautiful no matter what size you are ... . your reflection does n't define your worth . ' fans - including hundreds of women - were been quick to praise the leggy beauty for her response , posting messages of support to her twitter and instagram accounts . the cover girl has made a career out of sharing sexy bikini-clad selfies with her 430,000 instagram followers , and was featured on the cover of maxim australia magazine in a shoot titled ‘australia’s sexiest social media stars’ in 2014 . the cover girl has made a career out of sharing sexy bikini-clad selfies with her 430,000 instagram followers , and was featured on the cover of maxim australia magazine in a shoot titled ‘australia’s sexiest social media stars’ in 2014 . she admits to working out four-five times per week , including beach running and pilates with weights , and told website glamour edition that she has always been on the skinny side : ' my physique is naturally very petite and i am quite tall ( 5’10 ) . growing up , this felt very awkward but i have grown to love and embrace my body ! online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters . renee 's thousands of social media fans were quick to applaud her mature and empowering response . ' i work hard to keep my body looking healthy and fit , which means eating 6+ times a day and working out with resistance and weights to make sure i maintain lean muscle… i don’t like looking too skinny ! ' confidence comes from how you feel . i feel my best and my most confident when i am fit and toned… . i love moving , being strong and always full of energy . i think there is definitely a noticeable difference between ‘skinny-toned’ and ‘skinny-soft’ – you know when a girl works for her body ! ' she added .      