liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat has put the club under scrutiny and guaranteed this campaign will be judged a failure . the burning ambition at anfield is for liverpool to be champions league regulars with the potential to win the barclays premier league . but , after a wretched day against aston villa , they are clearly some way from realising that dream . are liverpool heading for mediocrity ? or is there sufficient talent to ensure the mistakes are corrected and progress can be resumed ? a huge summer beckons and there is no margin for error . philippe coutinho opens the scoring for liverpool against aston villa with a smart chipped finish at wembley . christian benteke ( centre ) scores for aston villa to make it 1-1 and start tim sherwood 's side 's recovery . england midfielder fabian delph fires in villa 's second goal to win the game and book a place in the cup final . for all the praise that came brendan rodgers’ way last season , when he masterminded an unexpected and thrilling challenge for the title , the manager must accept criticism . like his team , he has underperformed . yes , he deserved credit for arresting a mid-winter slump . it was smart to change liverpool’s formation to 3-4-3 , sparking an impressive 13-game unbeaten run in the league . but he has not made a mark on the games that matter . at wembley we saw a prime example . he switched systems ( from 3-4-2-1 to 4-3-3 to 4-1-4-1 ) but liverpool never found a rhythm . this was not an isolated case . changes had to be made after a poor start during the 1-1 draw with basle that led to liverpool’s exit from the champions league . there have been other issues . picking an experimental line-up in the bernabeu against real madrid last november was perplexing . he was outwitted by louis van gaal when manchester united visited in march — it was a mistake not to start steven gerrard — and mario balotelli’s signing has given rodgers a problem that he has not been able to solve all season . rodgers is innovative , thorough and , crucially , still learning his trade . his teams can have style and he has absolute faith in his ability . so , too , do fenway sports group , liverpool’s owners . his future isn’t even up for consideration . but that doesn’t mean the pressure is off . managing liverpool comes with great expectation and rodgers must provide the right answers come august . then there are questions about the club’s transfer committee . it grates at anfield how much focus is put on the committee , which comprises rodgers , chief executive ian ayre , dave fallows , the head of recruitment , chief scout barry hunter , michael edwards , the director of technical performance , and fsg investor mike gordon . yet of the 17 players they have bought at considerable cost over the last two summers , only three — simon mignolet , mamadou sakho and emre can — could be said to have delivered . tiago ilori and divock origi , on loan at bordeaux and lille respectively , remain unknown quantities but many have been duds , such as iago aspas , luis alberto , balotelli and lazar markovic . others — dejan lovren and adam lallana — look overawed . this is another world to southampton . brendan rodgers looks dejected as liverpool crash out of the fa cup after a 2-1 defeat to aston villa . liverpool manager rodgers ( far right ) addresses his players during sunday 's game at wembley stadium . wasting money in the market is not a new failing — gerard houllier , rafa benitez , roy hodgson and kenny dalglish made mistakes — but this is on a new level . if rodgers is under pressure , then so are the men recommending players . fsg do not accept failure lightly . they have dispensed with two managers ( hodgson and dalglish ) and one director of football ( damien comolli ) since taking over in 2010 and will not hesitate to act if they feel things are going askew . gerrard is going , glen johnson will follow , brad jones , brad smith , jon flanagan and kolo toure are out of contract . fabio borini has no anfield future and nor does balotelli . rickie lambert must leave to get regular football . lucas leiva may choose to pursue a new challenge . raheem sterling is at loggerheads with liverpool over the new deal he has been offered . jose enrique , martin skrtel and jordan henderson have 12 months left on their contracts . liverpool have agreed a new deal with henderson but skrtel is thinking about what he has been offered . simon mignolet is one of only three players signed over the last two years that have impressed this season . emre can has played with a mature head that belies his tender years since joining from bayer leverkusen . put all that together and it doesn’t paint a settled picture . rodgers did not want another window like last summer’s , with a raft of new faces , but that looks unavoidable . signing the right players is key but in the likely event of not being able to offer champions league football , how easy will that be ? concluding deals has been a serious problem . in the past two years , liverpool have tried to sign henrikh mkhitaryan , diego costa , willian , yevhen konoplyanka and alexis sanchez without success . james milner is on their radar , as is psv eindhoven’s memphis depay , the 21-year-old holland winger valued at £25million . sami khedira’s wages are out of liverpool’s range . they will also look to bring in a striker , but do clubs in upheaval make smooth progress ? no . absent at wembley , just as he has been for much of the season , was daniel sturridge . it has been a wretched campaign for the england forward , one decimated by calf and thigh issues . missing the semi-final will have done nothing to help his mental state . without luis suarez , this should have been the year sturridge took centre stage . can he do it next season ? he has the ability and goalscoring instinct but he will be no use to rodgers if he is not fit for the major games . mario balotelli ( centre ) is one of a number of liverpool signings that have failed to impress this season . glen johnson was sent on as a late sub for joe allen on sunday is expected to leave the club this summer . rodgers is keen for milner , pictured in 2012 , to help fill the void left by the outgoing steven gerrard . and finally there is the squad’s spirit and attitude . jamie carragher has said one of the qualities of liverpool’s greatest sides was ‘ finding a way of winning’ when the chips were down . that , however , was then , and now it is different . at wembley , it was clear the travelling kop doubted the character of this squad . much focus has been put on gerrard but it is risible to pin any blame on him for the defeat by villa . he didn’t have the swagger of youth but , even at 34 , he still looked the one who would save liverpool , with a late header that was cleared off the line and a pinpoint ball to balotelli . he has set the example , so who will do it when he leaves ? there is a flaw in liverpool’s mindset . unless they toughen their resolve , they will continue to fall short . rodgers has declared that losing can be a catalyst for success . in 12 months , he must hope his words are proven prophetic . daniel sturridge has spent much of the season watching from the stands due to a succession of injuries . liverpool 's players , including their captain , were outclassed by villa at wembley and deservedly lost . 