a multi-millionaire property developer 's son is being questioned over the disappearance of a blonde waitress from a celebrity club popular with premiership footballers and soap stars . privately-educated westley capper , 37 , has already admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket costa del sol resort of puerto banus . police believe 5ft 7in agnese was forced into the vehicle . and the overweight expat - who has never been publicly named - showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday . suspects westley capper ( left ) and co-accused craig porter outside court in marbella yesterday after the hearing . they have both admitted being in the mercedes with agnese klavina before she vanished . agnese , 30 , disappeared after a night out at glitzy puerto banus nightclub aqwa mist on september 6 . a cessna private jet owned by john capper , multi-millionaire father of accused son westley capper . the tail fin features his nickname fred . agnese with british boyfriend michael millis , who travelled to spain to help the search for the 30-year-old . the spanish judge investigating agnese 's disappearance from trendy aqwa mist , where footballer ashley cole , hollywood star eva longoria and boxer amir khan have all partied , was last night expected to order a fresh round of dna tests after his hopes of an early breakthrough in the case foundered . capper , whose essex-born dad john specialises in buying and selling luxury properties around the world , has had travel restrictions imposed on him while the investigation against him continues . co-accused craig porter , 33 , also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in marbella . the two men left the hearing in an english-plated range rover they had left parked in a disabled bay near the court . agnese , whose british boyfriend , michael millis , is a former owner of west london club westbourne studios , vanished on september 6 last year after leaving aqwa mist with the two brits . she was spotted shortly before she left talking to a woman of russian appearance and was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white louis vuitton handbag . friends reported her missing later the same week along with her mother and sister after they flew to spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages . they discovered her clothes and bank cards were still at a nearby flat where she was staying . her friends and relatives put up missing posters around marbella and the neighbouring resort of puerto banus . they also set up the ' find agnese klavina ' facebook page linked to a gofundme page to help raise funds for legal fees linked to the search . the waitress was spending the summer in marbella after flying to the resort in may to start work as a receptionist at luxury beach club the ocean club . capper has claimed he dropped her off near a flat she was staying at . the missing person notice for agnese , who was spending the summer in marbella before she vanished . authorities are probing the possibility agnese was killed and her body thrown into the sea from a motorboat belonging to capper 's family . capper ( left ) claims he dropped off agnese ( right ) near a flat she was staying at in marbella for the summer . agnese was allegedly illegally detained by porter and capper , according to police who have studied footage from aqwa mist 's car park . porter , from liverpool , says he fell asleep on the back seat of a mercedes they left the club in before the drop-off . forensic experts discovered a blonde hair in the boot of the car during a sweep of the vehicle but were unable to discover who the hair belonged to during initial tests . further tests are now expected to be ordered on the human hair and samples taken during a search of a motorboat belonging to capper 's family . the vessel was seized in a port in the province of murcia , around 300 miles east of marbella . agnese is pictured partying at aqwa mist shortly before she went missing in september . authorities are probing the possibility agnese was killed and her body thrown into the sea from the boat , which left a port in fuengirola near marbella days after she vanished . capper and porter are currently being investigated on suspicion of agnese 's illegal detention following the recovery of cctv footage from aqwa mist 's car park and a damning report by a cracker-style criminal psychologist claiming her facial expressions show she did not leave the club voluntarily . a doorman at the club was initially arrested alongside them for allegedly obstructing police inquiries - but the case against him dropped after he and the two brits took part in a police reconstruction of the last night agnese was seen alive . the criminal inquiry is expected to become a homicide probe if new dna tests show agnese was in the boot of the car or on the motorboat . neither suspect has yet been formally charged with any crime , as is normal in spain in the early stages of an investigation . a secrecy order had been placed over the case , giving lawyers acting for the british suspects and agnese 's family limited access to information . the order has now been lifted and the distraught mum and sister of latvian-born agnese , who was spending her summer working in marbella after leaving her london home of the past five years , are now expected to be allowed to meet judicial authorities in spain so they can be briefed on the investigation . aqwa mist is one of four marbella venues owned by international restaurant brand la sala , whose shareholders include ex-tottenham hotspur players winger david bentley and defender dean austin . footballer ashley cole is said to have spent £12,000 on champagne he then sprayed over his friends during a night out at aqwa mist the summer before last . left to right : capper and porter after their court appearance yesterday . a doorman at the club was initially arrested alongside them for allegedly obstructing police inquiries but the case against him was dropped . john capper 's private jet . a source said that his son westley ' might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything ' . left to right : porter 's lawyer immaculada ( whose surname is not known ) and jorge hoz garcia for capper outside the court in marbella after the hearing yesterday . hollywood star eva longoria , american actor and singer terence howard and boxer amir khan have also partied there since its opening in june 2012 . the stars of bafta award-winning reality tv soap opera towie are also summer regulars at the club , which bills itself as marbella 's number one party venue . lawyers acting for the two brits refused to comment as they left court . a court official confirmed : ' both suspects declined to answer questions from the judge . ' the investigation is ongoing . ' a source close to the case said : ' the judge has indicated he will order fresh dna tests which may involve the use of agnese 's mum 's dna . ' he had important questions to ask the suspects and obviously would have preferred it if they had agreed to cooperate with his investigation . ' capper 's dad , known to friends as fred , has made a fortune from purchasing and selling luxury properties across the world . he has modernised and sold luxury villas in fortress estates like la zagaleta near marbella , home to some of the world 's wealthiest people . agnese 's lawyer fernando scornick outside court ( left ) . capper and porter ( right ) drove away from the hearing in a range rover they had left parked in a disabled bay near the court . aqwa mist is a favourite with premier league footballers . agnese was seen on cctv leaving the glitzy nightclub with capper and porter on the night of september 6 . footballer ashley cole ( left ) is said to have spent £12,000 on champagne during a night out at aqwa mist in july 2013 , while actress eva longoria ( right ) has also partied there since its opening in june 2012 . one of his companies also boasts of assets including yachts and private jets . an acquaintance , who asked not to be named , described him as 'mega-rich ' and said he owned his own private plane with his name on the tail plate . he is currently understood to be based in gibraltar . the source said : ' westley might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything . ' agnese 's mum daiga , in an appeal for information about her daugther 's whereabouts in february , said : ' we ca n't believe this is happening . ' it has now been nearly six months without our daughter - not knowing if she is still alive or where she may be . ' please help us find our agnese , our lives will never be the same if we do n't see her again . ' if anyone has any information no matter how small , it could make a big difference to our efforts in finding her . ' an online register for the cessna private jet owned by john capper . he specialises in buying and selling luxury properties . boyfriend michael admitted at the time : ' the longer agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again . ' i think if she was going to be found safe and well she would have contacted someone close to her by now and she has n't . a spokesman for the find agnese klavina campaign said in a facebook post : ' after seven months of waiting the secrecy of the case has finally been lifted by the spanish authorities and as such the file of the case has been opened . ' we have had yesterday the spectacle of two of the accused men being ' interrogated ' at court by the judge . ' westley capper and craig porter were repeatedly asked to answer questions relating to the case . ' they refused , citing their constitutional right to remain silent . ' our agnese has never been seen since [ she disappeared six months ago ] . ' how can we still not have charges ? ' we want justice for agnese and all the other unfortunate missing people in marbella . something has to change ! ' if any one has any information about what happened that night please let the police know . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .