angry parents continued to protest outside a texas middle school this week after an eighth grade boy who wrote a violent and disturbing story about killing his classmates was allowed to stay in class . the tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called ' killing children ' , with the tag line : ' this is a continuous story about me murdering people i hate . ' there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year , featuring stories titled ' massacre ' , ' thrown under the bus ' and ' blood , blood , and more blood ' . some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog , with one section reading : ' he tries to hold in a scream , but it escapes him when i drive the scissors down his body . ' disturbing : the blog , killing children , on website wattpad has been pulled down , but this is the title page for the blog . the 11 stories were given names like ' massacre ' and ' blood , blood , and more blood ' . anger : despite the outrage expressed by parents , the eighth grade boy was allowed to return to school last month , and the district attorney has confirmed no charges will be laid , saying the stories were ' horror fiction ' . the children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents , who reported the incident . the boy was then removed from class , and his parents subsequently withdrew him from the school . the blog was also taken down . however late last month , as students returned from spring break , so did the boy . the northwest independent school district confirmed they allowed the eighth grader to return . the district and the boy 's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction , describing it as a horror story . the tarrant county district attorney 's office also ruled the blog was protected by the first amendment . the decision has caused outrage among parents , who say they are scared for the safety of their children . ' i 'm in disbelief . i ca n't even believe it , ' parent cindy copeland told nbc dfw . mrs copeland has kept her daughter , who is in the 6th grade , out of school for eight days , frightened that something might happen at the school . mrs copeland said she read the blog and was disgusted . ' the description of what he will do to these peers and classmates , it 's despicable , ' she told nbc . ' it 's not therapeutic writing . and if it was then it should have been kept private , not broadcast for the entire world to see . ' it 's a threat . ' outrage : local parent cindy copeland was one of many protestors outside tidwell middle school on friday . she has kept her daughter out of school for eight days . protests : parents brandish signs and placards demanding the eighth grader be removed from the school . fighting : the district and the boy 's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction , describing it as a horror story , but the parents of his classmates are n't buying it . another parent , angela dean , told the network she has been forced to explain to her children about what to do in the event of an incident at the school . ' the fact that i have to have those kinds of conversations with my children on how to my protect themselves against harm from another classmate , it 's very disheartening as a parent , ' she said . the situation was reported to the tarrant county district attorney 's office , who investigated the boy and his writings . an official decision was made this week not to file any charges . in a statement to nbc , the district attorney said : ' although the blog in question contains many disturbing , graphic , and offensive descriptions of violence , it does not meet the legal requirements for a charge of criminal or delinquent conduct under texas law . ' however parents say they will continue protesting and holding demonstrations until the boy is removed from the school permanently . disturbed : angela dean has been forced to explain to her children about what to do in the event of an incident at the school . 