dick advocaat says jermain defoe’s wonder goal has set sunderland on their way to premier league survival – but newcastle goalkeeper tim krul has been criticised for appearing to congratulate the derby match-winner . the holland international waited in the tunnel for defoe at half-time , seconds after he had smashed the stunning 20-yard volley which decided yesterday’s tyne-wear clash . krul smiled and exchanged a fist pump with defoe , although he later defended his actions . sportsmail 's jamie carragher claimed newcastle keeper tim krul made a mistake after congratulating sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal before half-time . krul smiles at defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby . carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports after the game . however , former liverpool defender jamie carragher was not impressed , as he said : ‘ when you watch newcastle , tim krul does look like one of the leaders of the team , but what he did was a mistake . ‘ i would n't want to see one of my own team doing it . it 's not good sportsmanship . someone without passion for the game might say it is . when you play a derby game , you do n't just play on the day , there is a build-up in the week and everyone is on edge . ‘ you build yourself into a frenzy where you despise the opposition . at the end of the game you shake hands with everyone , you would n't smile . ’ carragher was backed up by his ex-liverpool team-mate danny murphy , who said : ' he should n't have done that , you do that at the end of the game . that was out of order . ' but krul countered : ' what i actually thought , i probably ca n't repeat because it was n't nice . ' it was a fantastic goal and everyone accepts that , but what i actually thought was more in the region of “ what a lucky guy he is” , but with a bit more venom behind it . ‘ i 've been at this club for 10 years and i 'm as hurt as anybody else , so whoever wants to put this negative light on me , it 's not justified . ' i 'm a geordie . i 've been here 10 years and i 'm going home with a lot of pain in my heart . to see those travelling fans going back to newcastle without a win again , it hurts me as much as them . ' defoe ( left ) hit a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give sunderland the lead against newcastle . defoe celebrates his strike which helped the black cats to victory in the wear-tyne derby . sunderland’s victory was their fifth on the spin in this fixture and moved them three points clear of the relegation zone . new boss advocaat believes it has gone a long way to ensuring their safety . ‘ i have always said we will survive , but we had to win today , ’ said the 67-year-old , who will leave at the end of the season regardless of which division sunderland are in . ‘ there was a lot of pressure on the team but i got a great feeling when we arrived here on the bus . that was something special and the players felt that . sunderland boss dick advocaat congratulates defoe as he sends on adam johnson to replace the striker during the wear-tyne derby victory . advocaat smiles as he looks on from his technical area at the stadium of light . the win is sunderland 's first under advocaat and lifts them three points clear of the bottom three . sunderland 's victory took them above aston villa and hull city in the barclays premier league table . ‘ the league table looks better now , but the most important thing is may 24 . it will look better if we’re here then . ‘i’m proud of the team and i’m proud of our fans . ’ meanwhile , an emotional defoe hailed his strike as one of his finest . ‘ it 's one of my best - with my left foot as well , ’ said the 32-year-old , ‘ but even a tap-in would be massive in a game like this . ‘ as the ball was dropping i was just concentrating on the strike . during the week i 've done a lot of shooting and as soon as it left my foot i knew it was in . ‘ it was an unbelievable feeling when it went in . i was very emotional for some reason , as everyone wanted the three points so badly . ’    