in her working life , she has covered terrorist attacks , murders and explosions . but nothing , it seems , has been a greater challenge for samantha simmonds than a car journey with her three children . the sky newsreader has revealed how an easter holiday outing with her family saw ‘ blood and saliva flying’ between her boisterous sons in the backseat – and ended with her six-year-old having a tooth knocked out . butter wouldn’t melt ! samantha simmonds and husband phillip davies with their children , two , four and six . in a searingly honest account that plenty of exhausted parents will relate to , miss simmonds , 42 , described how she took some time off work to spend with her children – but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering . miss simmonds is married to phillip davies , the owner of online auction business flogit4u , and the couple have a daughter aged two and sons aged four and six . describing a trip back from manchester to london , the newsreader wrote on her blog that four hours into a fraught journey , her six-year-old son started screaming . she said : ‘ i turned round to see blood and saliva flying towards me and all over [ the six-year-old’s ] face . i started yelling in shock and shouted to the four-year-old , “ what have you done ? ” ‘ what he had done was knock one of his brother’s teeth out ! how is that even possible ? ’ after ‘ one packet of wet wipes , a lot of blood and tears’ , she wrote , the situation was calmer , and it wasn’t long before her enterprising son was negotiating more money from the tooth fairy ‘ due to blood loss and trauma’ . honest : in her blog post , the sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes ‘ working mum guilt’ . the newsreader – who has worked for channel 5 and bbc news as well as sky – said she struggled to cope when the boys turned on each other in the car . ‘ on their own they are all gorgeous – a delight – a pleasure ! together they are a ticking time bomb , ’ she wrote . ‘ just how long before the first verbal or physical punch is thrown is anyone’s guess . it is this – the dynamics of the three of them all together that i find the single hardest thing about being a parent … i feel unprepared and frustratingly un-forewarned of the trials and tribulations of dealing with my children en masse . ’ in the post , which does not give her children’s names , she also describes the ‘ working mum guilt’ shared by many , and how she tries to squeeze in as many activities as possible during precious time off . ‘ many would argue i do too much … . that may well be so , but i genuinely love our outings and seeing the joy and wonder on their faces , ’ she wrote . but the dream can quickly turn into a nightmare when ‘ their testosterone-fuelled little bodies means they can not keep their hands off each other for more than a few minutes at a time’ . she added : ‘ either kicking one another while sitting on the sofa , or wrestling around the house and taking it in turn to jump on each other’s heads – our two-year-old daughter included . ‘ pre parenthood , like many childless adults i would stare agog in the streets and in restaurants – at the out of control parent screaming at their equally out of control children … oh how easy it is to judge ! i am now that parent ! ’