former supermodel christy turlington burns is championing the message ' it 's what you do that defines you ' for fresh-to-the-uk clothing brand , lindex . the scandinavian brand , which opened its first uk store in westfield stratford , london , on march 27 , has also brought in 22-year-old german model toni garrn and ethiopia-born liya kebede , 37 . the models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world , showing that true beauty comes from what you do as well as how you look . scroll down for video . christy turlington , liya kebede and toni garrn are the faces of lindex 's spring 2015 campaign . lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 . ' i have learned that it’s what you do , how you do it and what you do with what you have that matters , ' said the yummy mummy , 46 . ' i like that this campaign is providing a platform for each of us women - toni , liya and myself - at different stages of our careers who are all doing more with our lives than just modelling . ' i think it’s a positive example to show that none of us are only as we may seem at a glance and that everyone has the capacity to do more . ' lindex wanted models who do good things outside of the fashion world for its campaign , so brought in christy . lindex is selling limited-edition # superrolemodel t-shirts to help raise money for christy 's charity , every mother counts , as well as the liya kebede foundation and plan international 's because i am a girl . ' we chose to work with christy , liya and toni as super role models because we believe that the spirit they convey and the example they set will inspire our customers to consider the meaning of beauty – not only on the outside but the inside too , ' said lindex 's johan hallin . ' the campaign message is that we can all do better . ' lindex is also raising awareness for wateraid during its campaign with in-store activities and by donating 10 per cent from all sales during shopping events . all profits from the sale of limited-edition # superrolemodel t-shirts , pictured , will go to mum and child charities . christy , who 's gearing up for the london marathon on 26 april , told red magazine last week that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge , but that now she 's feeling ' stronger and healthier ' than ever . ' giving birth was probably the most empowering thing i’ve ever done physically . i was like , now i can do anything . i can run a marathon… i can run three marathons ! ’ christy - who is mother to daughter grace , 11 , and son finn , eight , with her husband of 11 years edward burns , 47 - had just given birth to grace in 2003 when she was struck with a postpartum hemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . she suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief - an experience that could easily have killed her had she not been in such good hands . trauma : christy , pictured with her husband edward burns , 47 , had just given birth to grace in 2010 when she was struck with a postpartum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . as a result of this traumatic experience , christy founded the charity every mother counts in 2010 . ‘ what i realised was actually how lucky i had been that so many women don’t even get to choose when they become pregnant . ' ' they don’t get to choose whether they will be medicated , or have a natural birth . this is just how it is , and it’s not an ideal way to bring life into the world , i don’t think . ' according to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable . but , as she points out , the u.s. is one of the eight countries worldwide where maternal deaths are on the rise . dedicated : according to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable - a statistic she 's determined to change . christy , who became famous alongside cindy crawford , naomi campbell and linda evangelista in the era of the supermodels , now runs marathons in aid of every mother counts . she said she is determined to strengthen the ' sisterhood ' between mothers around the world , wherever the happen to be . 