the irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail . barry lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick . patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . but on friday , patrick had his arm around his brother , who was crying when magistrate graeme curran handed down the sentence in the downing centre local court . scroll down for video . barry lyttle arrives at the downing centre court in sydney on friday . barry lyttle ( 3rd right ) arrives with brother patrick ( 2nd left ) and father oliver ( left ) at the downing centre court in sydney on friday . patrick spent nearly a week in an induced coma in january following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at st vincent 's hospital in sydney 's inner suburbs . appearing outside of court on friday , patrick told reporters his brother has been through an ' awful lot throughout this whole process ' . ' just delighted to go home with the family now , ' patrick said . mr curran said patrick appeared to have recovered well since the incident and probably did n't require further treatment . while the brothers had been drinking during their out night in kings cross , mr curran found alcohol was not a significant factor . he said barry was of good character , remorseful and unlikely to re-offend . supporters in the court gasped as barry was told he was being sentenced to jail but were hugging minutes later when the entire sentence was suspended . the brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to northern ireland . barry lyttle was charged with punching his brother patrick outside a kings cross night club . barry has avoided jail time in sydney after pleading guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . the sentence comes after downing centre local court was told of the guilty plea during a brief mention , where barry was supported by family , including his younger brother patrick . barry 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed . but prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that lyttle agreed to plead guilty . the hearing was expected to include cctv footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist john braithwaite , an expert in ' restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against lyttle should be dropped . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against lyttle should be dropped . during a brief mention of the matter earlier this month , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate . patrick had previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped . the brothers , who have been accompanied by their father oiiver throughout their stay in australia , wish to return home to ireland together as soon as possible . barry lyttle ( pictured left ) has pleaded guilty to causing his brother patrick ( right ) grievous bodily harm . patrick lyttle ( right ) said he had made a ' fantastic recovery ' . patrick lyttle ( middle ) has called on charges against his brother barry ( left ) to be dropped . patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on january 3 . the brothers from belfast in ireland ( pictured here as children ) went on a night out on january 3 in kings cross . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .