tastes change , of course , but looking at some of the adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century , it 's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work . if the ad world 's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience including hopping across multiple media platforms to reach them , once it was all about a single , thoughtfully-composed image . we 've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation 's national newspapers or glossy magazines , all of which hoped to persuade shoppers to part with their hard-earned cash . with wide collars , precision-cut suits and intense expressions , the men in the ads have something of the don draper from hit series mad men about them ... albeit with a decade added on . scroll down for video . somebody call the fashion police ... although this man 's terrible jumper , seen in an advert for seagram 's extra dry gin does n't seem to have put off the lady holding said alcohol . could the crease on those trousers be any straighter ? an advert for daks trousers is a vision of beige , caramel and brown . a tan , blond moustache and a pair of curtains ... although this ad fails to notice that the man in the photo is n't actually ' dark ' , the ad brains behind it are clearly convinced it will sell more dubonnet , a wine-based aperitif . like a time capsule from the era , the fashions are perfectly preserved ; the men generally seem to be sporting thick moustaches ( that many a modern-day hipster might covert ) and almost always on their arm is an attractive lady , usually not wearing a great deal . an advert for seagram 's extra dry martini gin shows a couple sharing a tender moment , the lady caressing a glass of said gin while her partner looks on lovingly , stroking her cheek all the while . while the woman in question is wearing a low-cut top , it 's the man in the image that really steals the show ; he 's wearing a checked shirt with very pointy collar and on top of it a jumper with a pattern that might induce a headache . the look is topped off with a pair of cream trousers , complete with perfectly pressed creases . enjoy the great outdoors and then relax with a drink ( while wearing a nice sweater ) seems to be the general message from advertisers in the seventies . the machismo never ends : moustachioed men are seen advertising brands of scotch and whisky . looking cool ! in a 1969 advert for marks and spencer , these three dapper chaps are all set for the golf course . another direct link between physical fitness and alcohol ... this time for white horse scotch whiskey . this 1979 ad in now magazine showed a lean basketball player and a beautiful white horse . a collision of colour : singer rod stewart once advertised kickers shoes ... while wearing some very garish clothes . a dig at the feminists : this advert suggests that drinking vodka might cause a woman to disrobe . flicking through magazines from the same era , it 's hard to distinguish between the male models ; they are uniformly brunette with a moustache whether they 're advertising catto 's scotch or smooth canadian whisky . another ad for daks trousers , which featured in a magazine in 1975 , shows a couple wearing more clothes - this time they 're a vision of beige , caramel and brown in tweed jackets . while the lady sports a pleated skirt , the gentleman has a pair of the brand 's ' signature ' trousers , which appear to brush the ankle bone and have a very sharp crease mark running up them . ding dong : these adverts for cosmetics company avon appeared in the 1960s and show the more elegant female fashions of the era . very , very successful sweater wearing ... if you did n't know how to achieve that , this earlier advert from lux in 1962 would show you how . there seems to be a large association between alcohol , sport and attractiveness with many of the ads featuring their main protagonist is two poses ; ' active ' and ' relaxing ' afterwards with a glass of something delicious . occasionally , there is a different face in the mix , one that belongs to a famous person . take rod stewart 's colourful ad for footwear brand kickers . the scottish crooner , with his trademark spiky hair , can be seen in one ad reclining on a beige sofa , wearing clothes that might hurt somebody 's eyes . skin-tight emerald velour green trousers are teamed with a stripy red , yellow , blue and black knitted jumper . there 's a matching pair of leg warmers and a red scarf . the kickers boots are bright red . vodka giant smirnoff teased an audience of feminists with its ad which showed a woman wearing a low-cut dress and the strapline : ' i never even thought of burning my bra until i discovered smirnoff . ' what would the avon ladies , who appeared in ads throughout the 1960s wearing more demure twin-sets and pearls , make of it all ?