police in houston say a 34-year-old man got behind the wheel of his car while under the influence sunday , leaving a path of destruction in his wake and killing two people , one of them a 6-year-old boy . blaine boudreaux has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate dui collisions that took place within three hours in houston . boudreaux , who also has an extensive dui record in his native louisiana , was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light on lockwood drive at around 6.3opm and slammed his dodge pickup truck into a honda civic . path of destruction : blaine boudreaux ( left ) , 34 , has been charged in connection to three separate dui crashes in houston that killed 6-year-old josh medrano , injured his mother and led to the death of a homeless man . heartbroken : the family of 6-year-old joshua medrano are seen wednesday leaving the courtroom where blaine boudreaux made an appearance on charges stemming from a trio of accidents in houston . on of the boy 's relatives screamed at the suspect : ' i hope you die ! ' joshua medrano , 6 , who was a passenger in the sedan , was fatally injured . his mother , cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones . boudreaux was arrested at the scene after failing a field sobriety test . three wrecks : the 34-year-old , who has a history of duis in louisiana , is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler . several hours earlier , according to police , the 34-year-old man struck and killed 61-year-old vagrant leonard batiste walking along texas 5 spur near the university of houston . investigators say the homeless man was mowed down at around 5.15pm sunday but his body was not discovered until monday afternoon . boudreaux’s entire bumper , complete with his license plate , was found nearby . blaine boudreaux also has been linked to a third collision that occurred about two hours before batiste 's death . the two-car crash took place in the 6600 block of fannin street and involved a mother and her 2-year-old child , who were taken to a hospital and later released . in that case , boudreaux was issued a ticket by a police officer and allowed to leave the scene . after slamming into the elderly man on texas 5 spur , boudreaux allegedly dozed off behind the wheel and did n't wake up until another driver honked at him to get his attention . that is when he ran the red light at the intersection of lockwood and the east freeway and slammed into cynthia medrano 's black honda , killing her son , according to officials . joseph rodriguez , the boy 's stepfather , said little joshua wanted to become a firefighter when he grew up . rodriguez said the officer who stopped boudreaux after the first accident involving the mother and toddler should have detained him instead of letting the man go . prosecutor alison baimbridge told the houston chronicle investigators are now looking into that collision and resulting citation in light of boudreaux 's apparent intoxication about two hours . cynthia medrano , pictured here with her family , was driving sunday evening with her young son in the passenger seat when police say boudreaux ran a red light and plowed into her honda civic . doomed : even though the 6-year-old was buckled in , he suffered fatal injuries and died upon arriving at a hospital . when questioned by police after his arrest , boudreaux allegedly admitted that he had taken anti-depressants and a drug used to treat addiction to opiates before getting behind the wheel of his pickup truck sunday afternoon . blaine boudreaux , a catholic school dropout who moved to houston in his late teens , has recently lost his home security business and allowed his pharmacy technician license to lapse , reported the chronicle . during his arraignment wednesday morning , prosecutors revealed that the suspect has multiple outstanding warrants for duis in louisiana . in one case , he also had jumped bail . in light of these facts , his bond was set at $ 100,000 on each of the three counts , reported the station ktrk . boudreaux’s arraignment was attended by several members of joshua medrano 's family who sobbed in court and showed boudreaux the middle finger . one woman cried out ' i hope you die ! ' as the suspect clad in an orange jumpsuit was being led out of the courtroom . shattered : cynthia medrano , pictured with joshua and her husband , suffered a punctured lung and broken bones . 