chelsea midfielder eden hazard was the toast of the english game as he carried off the pfa player of the year award . the 24-year-old belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season , helping the blues win the capital one cup and putting them on the brink of a first premier league title since 2010 . he was rewarded for his sterling performances with the top individual award of the night at the grosvenor hotel in london . victory in their next two games - at leicester and at home to crystal palace - would see chelsea wrap up the championship . eden hazard poses with the pfa trophy after winning the award with a superb season in a chelsea shirt . the 24-year-old belgian poses with the trophy after collecting the gong at a glittering award ceremony at london 's grosvenor hotel . hazard joined chelsea from lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in february . didier drogba posted this picture on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , cesar azpilicueta , hazard , john terry and cesc fabregas . john terry posted this photograph with didier drogba , frank lampard and gary cahill at the pfa awards ceremony . hazard has remarkably won player of the year or young player of the year every season since 2009 with lille or chelsea . hazard said of his award success : ' i 'm very happy . one day i want to be the best and what i did this season is play very well , chelsea played very well . ' i do n't know if i deserve to win but it is good for me . ' it is good , it is better to be voted by the players - they know everything about football . this is good . i 'm very happy . ' he took the young player of the year prize 12 months ago , and has rapidly progressed to the top award . ' we are almost champions , maybe this is the key , ' said hazard . ' last season we finished third and this season we have an opportunity to win the league . this has changed from last season . ' i continue like i did last season - i try to be the same . i try to score more goals than last season . personally i have played a good season , i have been there in the big games and i scored a lot of important goals , this is why i 'm better this season . ' hazard has dazzled for chelsea this season as the blues look certain to win the first premier league title of jose mourinho 's second stint . hazard coolly slots past david de gea to score the only goal of the game against manchester united to extend chelsea 's lead at the top . hazard battles for possession with francis coquelin as chelsea continued their march toward the title with a goalless draw at arsenal . pfa young player of the year : harry kane . pfa merit award : steven gerrard and frank lampard . pfa premier league team of the year . pfa championship team of the year . pfa league one team of the year . pfa league two team of the year . pfa women 's player of the year : ji so-yun . pfa women 's young player of the year : leah williamson . hazard 's goal last weekend earned jose mourinho 's men a 1-0 win over manchester united . he picked out that moment as one of his best of the campaign . asked to describe his season in a single word , hazard struggled . ' i do n't want to say ' amazing ' because it is not finished yet - maybe amazing ! ' he said . ' i started the season not to be the pfa player of the year but it was in my head - i want to be the best and i hope one day i can win a lot of trophies . ' i just want to say thank you to the players who voted for me - it is always good to have an individual trophy but the most important thing is to win the league . ' i hope i can win a lot of trophies again - the most important is to win the league , without my team-mates i would not be here . ' jose ( mourinho ) lets me play , we talk sometimes together and when i 'm on the pitch i know what i have to do , this is most important . ' we are almost there to win the league . ' last season we finished third , now we can bring the trophy to stamford bridge , personally i have played a very good season , have scored a lot of important goals and this is why i 'm here . hazard is embraced by team-mates after giving chelsea the lead against arsenal in october . hazard has already won silverware this season , with the brilliant belgian clutching the capital one cup with countryman thibaut courtois . hazard ( front ) skips past the challenge of manchester united 's wayne rooney as the chelsea man launches another attack . mourinho has long sung the praises of the 24-year-old , believing he is rivalled by only lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo in the global order . ' i had lots of stars , but he is the humble star , ' the portuguese said last weekend . ' he knows that he is one of the three best players in the world , the responsibility that comes ( with that ) and he is coping with that responsibility . ' he understands that his talent is fundamental for the team . ' hazard was earlier on sunday named in the pfa premier league team of the year - for the third time in his three seasons in england . he was one of six blues players in the xi , along with captain john terry , gary cahill , branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic and diego costa . the pfa premier league team of the year for the 2014-15 season was announced ahead of hazard being named player of the year . hazard has benefited from working with mourinho , with the portuguese coach adding grit to his naturally flamboyant game . ivanovic , though , was in no doubt as to the team 's most influential cog . the serbia defender , speaking about hazard last week , said : ' he has been our most important player since day one . ' he is the guy who you just have to give the ball and he will do everything . ' sometimes he looks so impressive , like he is not from this world . ' hazard arrived at stamford bridge in june 2012 - having been crowned ligue 1 player of the year in each of his final two campaigns with lille - for a fee reportedly around £32million . tottenham 's harry kane - the only english attacking player in the team of the season - took the 2014/15 young player of the year award . the 21-year-old has enjoyed a remarkable rise to stardom , scoring 30 goals for spurs in all competitions this term despite not being given a regular starting slot until november . he helped mauricio pochettino 's men to the capital one cup final , and also scored 79 seconds into his senior england debut as a substitute in the 4-0 european championship qualifying victory over lithuania at wembley last month . elsewhere , ji so-yun of chelsea ladies won the pfa women 's player of the year , while leah williamson of arsenal ladies won the pfa women 's young player of the year . harry kane capped a tremendous breakout season by walking away with the young player of the year award . kane 's fairytale season featured a goal at wembley on his england debut , just seconds after coming on against lithuania . kane was only handed a starting spot by spurs in november , with the 21-year-old hitting 30 goals in all competitions this season . ji so-yun ( left ) won the pfa women 's player of the year , while leah williamson won the pfa women 's young player of the year .