bruce jenner will break his silence in a two-hour interview with diane sawyer later this month . the former olympian and reality tv star , 65 , will speak in a 'far-ranging ' interview with sawyer for a special edition of '20/20 ' on friday april 24 , abc news announced on monday . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february . and while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage , they will not be stealing bruce 's spotlight because they will be in armenia when the interview airs , according to tmz . scroll down for video . speaking out : bruce jenner , pictured on ' keeping up with the kardashians ' will speak out in a 'far-ranging ' interview with diane sawyer later this month , abc news announced on monday . return : diane sawyer , who recently mourned the loss of her husband , will return to abc for the interview . rumors started swirling around jenner 's gender identity last year , when he emerged from a beverly hills clinic with his adam 's apple shaved down . his behavior over the past year also fueled speculation as he began embracing an increasingly female appearance , including growing out his hair , shaving his legs and painting his nails , while reportedly undergoing hormone therapy . he also split from with his wife of more than two decades , kris jenner , with whom he has two daughters , kyle and kendall . she filed for divorce in september 2014 , citing ' irreconcilable differences ' . reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement . ' bruce had silicone breast implants put in a few weeks ago , ' a source told radaronline . ' he went with a smaller implant because he did n't want to look ridiculous . ' on sunday , he was seen walking to his car in malibu but hid his body beneath a bulky sweatshirt . out and about : jenner was pictured walking back to his car in malibu on the weekend and hiding beneath a large sweatshirt on sunday , days after reports that he had undergone a breast enhancement . hiding : he also apparently had painted his nails red when he was seen walking on sunday . according to radar , jenner wants to have all surgeries completed in time to make his on-screen debut as a woman on the fall season of ' dancing with the stars ' . jenner is also rumored to be filming a spin-off docu-series about the transition on e ! , although his reps have refused to confirm the claims . while jenner himself has remained silent about his reported transition , some of his relatives , including step-daughter kim kardashian , have spoken about about his ' journey ' . ' i guess i 'll kind of let everyone be curious and i feel like that 's his journey to talk about , ' kim recently told entertainment tonight . ' i will say that i think bruce should tell his story his way . i think everyone goes through things in life and i think that story and what bruce is going through , i think he 'll share whenever the time is right . ' jenner , who won gold in the decathlon at the 1976 olympics , also made headlines earlier this year for his involvement in a deadly car crash in malibu . deadly : in february , jenner 's vehicle , which was pulling a trailer and an atv ( seen right ) rear-ended a woman 's car ( left ) and pushed it into the lane of an oncoming hummer . she died at the scene . by his side : bruce , pictured with his ex-wife kris jenner and four of his step-children ( from left ) rob , kim , kourtney and khloe , has received support from his family . kris filed for divorce from him last year . his cadillac escalade , which was pulling a trailer and off-road vehicle , plowed into the back of a lexus and pushed it into the path of an oncoming hummer on february 7 . the lexus was carrying 69-year-old kim howe , who died from chest trauma at the scene . police sources say jenner is unlikely to be prosecuted because he was n't drinking , speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash . his tell-all interview will also be one of sawyer 's first forays back to tv news following the death of her husband , acclaimed director mike nichols , following a heart attack last november . last september , she left the anchor chair of abc world news and announced that she planned to focus on specials . in february , she presented ' a nation of women behind bars ' , in which she went to prisons across the country to speak with female inmates .