former rangers striker marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive . negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for £3.5million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club . however , a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000 . ex-rangers forward marco negri has revealed that he quit the club after fearing he had aids . cosenza ( italy ) - 19 goals in 34 league games - ( 1994-95 ) perugia ( italy ) - 33 in 60 - ( 1995-97 ) rangers - 32 in 30 - ( 1997-2001 ) vicenza ( italy , on loan ) - 1 in 9 - ( 1999-00 ) bologna ( italy ) - 0 in 3 - ( 2001-02 ) cagliari ( italy ) - 2 in 5 - ( 2002 ) . livorno ( italy ) 8 in 10 - ( 2002-03 ) perugia - 0 in 3 - ( 2004-05 ) during the encounter the then 30-year-old forward was on the receiving end of a crunching tackle that caused his right shinbone to bleed profusely . after hospital tests and treatment for what was perceived as a ' deep wound ' , negri returned to action in the new year to train with the reserve team where he suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg . further scans at ross hall hospital showed an inflammation of the shinbone and more worryingly that properties of his blood had been attacked by a lymphogranuloma or lymphosarcoma - common symptoms for those that suffer with hiv/aids . however , in his imminent autobiography ' moody blue - the story of the mysterious marco ' , which is serialised in the daily record ; the now 44-year-old reveals that his worst fears were n't confirmed after flying to italy for treatment . ' i was immediately hospitalised . i hadn’t even considered the possibility of being hiv positive but the harsh reality was there in front of me in the medical report , and it was hard to ignore and digest , ' negri wrote . in his autobiography , negri ( left ) reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs aberdeen in 2000 . after months of hospital scans in scotland , negri ( right ) was told in italy that his blood was absolutely fine . ' i didn’t feel able to deal with such a thing alone . i needed my family around me and wanted to undergo further tests in italy to understand exactly what was going on , the risks and chances of recovery . ' i had to return to italy , and not on a temporary basis . i asked my lawyer to speak to rangers about an early dissolution of my contract . ' they had no objections to the premature ending of our relationship , which was something i really appreciated , although it also showed me how serious my condition was . ' luckily , i didn’t have to wait long to learn i was simply suffering a stress fracture of the tibial axis of the knee . this diagnosis was given by doctors in bologna . in scotland they hadn’t got it right this time , even if the results of three blood tests confirmed some anomalies that couldn’t be overlooked . ' further tests found my blood to be absolutely fine and there was no need for medication or invasive treatment . my drama had been resolved in the best way possible , and i put behind me the endless days of terror when the worst case scenario was swimming around in my head . ' negri scored a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for rangers after joining in 1997 .