technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel . the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance . the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector , the researchers claim . scroll down for video . technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel . the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance . the image shows how the picture might be used . unispectral technologies and tel aviv university , who are behind the system , say it works by analysing a materials ' hyperspectral signature ' , which is its unique chemical fingerprint . the team have already patented the optical part of the system , which is based on existing microelectromechanical or ' mems ' technology . ' the optical element acts as a tunable filter and the software - an image fusion library - would support this new component and extract all the relevant information from the image , ' said professor david mendlovic at tel aviv university . hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum . a tricorder is a scanning device used by starfleet personnel in the star trek universe . it was used largely by mr spock , the alien first officer of the starship enterprise . once the camera take an image , the data would be further analysed by a third-party to extract the hyperspectral signature at any location in the image . hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum . for each pixel in an image , a hyperspectral camera acquires the light intensity for a large number of different spectral bands . this allows it to provide more detailed information about the scene than a normal color camera , which only acquires three different spectral bands . the imaging works in both video and still photography , he says . ' we are close to producing a prototype , which is scheduled for release in june , ' said professor mendlovic . ' a long list of fields stand to gain from this new technology . ' we predict hyperspectral imaging will play a major role in consumer electronics , the automotive industry , biotechnology , and homeland security . ' this back-end analyser would need a large database of hyperspectral signatures at its disposal . applications of the sensor include remote health monitoring and industrial quality control . ' agricultural applications may also benefit because hyperspectral imaging could be used to identify properties of crops , vegetables , and other types of foods , ' mr raz says . ' its hyperspectral platform is also suitable for wearable devices . ' a first-generation demonstration system of the camera . once the camera take an image , the data would be further analysed by a third-party to extract the hyperspectral signature at any location in the image . according to professor mendlovic , unispectral is currently in discussions with major smartphone makers , car companies , and wearable device makers to move the technology forward . a tricorder is a scanning device used by starfleet personnel in the star trek universe . there are two variations ; a regular ( engineering ) tricorder and a medical tricorder . medical tricorders are used to wirelessly scan a patient , either in a ‘ sick bay’ on a star ship or during an away mission . the scanning tool can determine a patient’s medical status , and allows doctors to quickly and easily diagnose their condition without an intensive or invasion examination . and the company is n't the only one hoping to recreate spock 's tricorder . earlier this year , researchers revealed a gadget that can be used to diagnose an illness simply by holding it to the forehead . named scanadu scout , the small round device is able to read a number of vital signs , including heart rate and temperature . it contains a variety of different sensors alongside a microphone on the top of the gadget that together , can read vital signs , including body temperature , heart rate , blood oxygen level , heart rate variability and pulse wave transit time ( pwtt ) . pwtt is the time it takes for a heartbeat to reach somewhere else in a person 's body and is related to blood pressure . its makers claim the device is 99 per cent accurate in less than 10 seconds . scanadu was finalist in the qualcomm tricorder x prize , which was launched in 2013 to inspire a wireless device capable of detecting a range of diseases , including anaemia , tuberculosis and diabetes . another device by london-based , scannurse , uses computer-vision techniques to analyse images taken with a camera . the scientists hope their system will make observations of the inside of the ears or throat , in the same way a doctor would , and then feed it into a computer for analysis . other teams are using blood and urine samples to test for key markers . the tiny microfluidic devices will , they claim , work in a similar way to hospital-lab tests . 