forget oysters and champagne , it seems the go-to food for the best lovers is the humble cheese toastie . according to a new survey of 4,600 people , almost three quarters ( 73 per cent ) of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month , compared with 63 per cent who steer clear of the comfort food . and as if bedroom prowess is n't enough , fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who steer clear of the snack . a survey by social networking and dating site skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex . the type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you , the survey by us dating site skout found . if you like the simplicity of american cheese , maybe you’re easy going . but making the sandwich with gourmet ingredients such as a 15-year aged cheddar , indicates a more high maintenance personality . in fact , 32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month . for those who do n't like cheese toasties , only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency . the survey also discovered that 81 per cent of its participants who love grilled cheese - the us version of the snack , in which a cheese sandwich made with bread buttered on the outside , is fried until hot and crisp on the outside and gooey in the middle - say they have donated time , money or food to those in need . and although the sandwich might be the ultimate safe , warming comfort food , those who eat it are adventurous types . it 's all in the filling ! turn up the heat in the bedroom by eating more grilled cheese sandwiches . some 84 per cent of grilled cheese fans love to travel , compared with 78 per cent of those who aren’t keen on the sandwich . the survey also examined the kinds of cheese respondents preferred and whether they made their sandwiches with the crusts on or off . 1 . american - 41 % 2 . cheddar - 33 % 3 . mozzarella - 10 % 4 . swiss cheese - 8 % 5 . provolone -6 % 6 . brie - 2 % the most popular filling is american cheese , picked by 41 per cent , followed by cheddar ( 31 per cent ) and , controversially , mozzarella ( ten per cent ) . continental varieties were at the bottom of the league table with only eight per cent picking swiss cheese , six per cent opted for provolone and brie was the least popular and only chosen by two per cent . a picky ten per cent of participants say they would remove the crust from their sandwich but almost half ( 47 per cent ) say they like to add extras such as pesto and tomato . but the majority of toasted cheese sandwich lovers are purists , with 53 per cent preferring to make those with only cheese in the filling . the choice of bread is also a point for debate although 51 per cent pick white bread ; a third ( 29 per cent ) like wholemeal but only 13 per cent chooses sourdough , even fewer like rye ( four per cent ) and baguettes come bottom at only three per cent .