a 17 year-old college student could face a battle with instagram after hacking the popular photo-sharing app . caleb benn , a californian high school student , recently developed a $ 4.99 ( £3.24 ) app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface . called ' uploader for instagram ' , it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $ 4.99 ( £3.24 ) app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface ( screen shot pictured ) . now , the 17 year-old student could face a battle with instagram over hackings its api . according jillian eugenios at cnnmoney , the teenager is currently making $ 1,000 ( £675.70 ) a day from the app – and instagram is n't happy . an engineer from facebook , which owns instagram , sent benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company 's terms of service . the email asked benn to ' fix ' the app by monday , but benn said doing this would make the app would be pointless . ' to be honest , i was n't nonplussed when i got the email from facebook , ' benn told dailymail.com . ' i knew my app was playing in a legal gray area , and i suspected facebook would find out about it somehow . ' facebook has strict restrictions against using its private api . an engineer from instagram allegedly sent benn an email last week , claiming the app violated the company 's terms of service . pictured on the right is a screenshot of the ' uploader for instagram ' service . chris messina , a silicon valley technologist told cnnmoney the problem is that accessing the api ' opens up possibilities for all kinds of abuse , from spambots or people uploading stuff from other channels . ' one in five instagram users now combine their photos into a single image before uploading it to the app . to capitalise on this , the californian firm has launched its latest standalone app called layout that lets people create such collages with up to nine images and 11 combinations . photos can be selected from the phone 's camera roll , or taken with the photo booth tool , and layouts can then be ' remixed ' and edited with mirror effects and flips . the layout app has four main features called faces , mirroring , photo booth and previews . users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in the collage . photos can be selected or deselected at any point . as they add more images , the layout of the collage changes and photos can be dragged between sections and different sized boxes as desired . these photos can then be zoomed , flipped to form a mirror image , or turned upside down . he added , if instagram wanted users to post from a computer , they can do so themselves . ' i was initially inspired to create the app because i saw a sincerely lacking feature for the desktop , ' benn said . ' i know instagram purposely left out the uploading feature from the web interface to keep the social network’s unique , mobile-centered ecosystem intact . instagram did release a web version of its software , called ' your instagram feed on the web ' in february 2013 . this allowed users to comment on each other 's photos from a desktop , but the photo sharing site still does not allow uploaded of images from a pc . to combat the problem , some instagram fans have installed special software , such as bluestacks app player , designed to simulate a mobile phone operating system on their computer . uploader for instagram offers a simpler workaround , and it is already garnering positive reviews on the app store . one user wrote : ' for my job , we post eight to ten instagram pictures a week that are first designed on the computer . ' so it 's always been a bit of a nuisance to transfer the image over to my phone then upload to instagram . this app takes care of that . ' instagram , which facebook acquired in 2012 for $ 1 billion , has 300 million monthly users . a spokesperson for instagram declined to comment to dailymail.com about the developments . benn told dailymail.com : 'i’ve played a few of my last cards , and now i’m just going to wait for facebook to play theirs . ' i have no idea how this entire ordeal is going to end , but at least i know that i helped make a handful of people’s lives easier–and i think that that is worth all of the trouble . ' uploader for instagram is already garnering positive reviews on the app store.one user wrote : ' for my job , we post eight to ten instagram pictures a week that are first designed on the computer . ' so it 's always been a bit of a nuisance to transfer the image over to my phone then upload to instagram . this app takes care of that ' . 