zero-hours worker ? university john-jo pierce enjoys a cigar . labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night . party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged that dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban . in a further blow , parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system . and labour’s biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis . on wednesday , mr miliband vowed to end the ‘epidemic’ of zero-hours contracts – and blasted the tories for failing to protect ordinary workers . but he was accused of ‘ total hypocrisy’ on the issue after it emerged 68 of his mps – including shadow chancellor ed balls – had employed staff on that basis in the past two years . labour councils , including mr miliband’s own authority in doncaster , have also issued 22,000 of the contracts . as the revelations emerged , party chiefs engineered a letter , signed by 100 workers and employers from ‘ all walks of life’ , that was also designed as a riposte to a letter signed by dozens of business leaders who backed the tories this week . but the move backfired spectacularly last night after it emerged the signatories included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists . they include : benefits fraudster . one of the signatories identified herself as someone who had ‘ worked on [ a ] zero-hours contract’ , but labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 . scroll down for video . a court in manchester heard that kemi saidu , 43 , moved to britain after she had a ‘ marriage of convenience’ in nigeria in december 2007 . according to tax officials she lived with her ‘husband’ , who was the holder of a british passport , ‘ briefly or not at all’ . she was not entitled to benefits because she was subject to ‘ immigration control’ , but she submitted a tax credits application and a child benefit claim for three children , two of whom did not live with her . the court heard that she moved in with a new partner but claimed £27,888 in tax credits in two and a half years as a single person . boss : fashion designer wayne hemingway , whose firm employed intern on zero-hours contracts , and harrods fan tunji offeyi , from tooting , south london , who had treated himself to some perfume . she was caught after she applied for leave to remain in britain on the basis of her ‘marriage’ . officers found she had been fraudulently claiming benefits and had allowed others to use her name and national insurance number to work illegally in the uk . in july 2012 she was given a two-year suspended jail sentence and 150-hour community work order after she pleaded guilty to immigration and fraud charges along with her ‘husband’ who had been working at hmrc as a security officer . a labour spokesman said last night : ‘ more than 6,000 people have now signed our letter from all walks of life across the country . ‘ of course we were unaware of the background of this person . the fact still remains that the epidemic of zero-hours contracts are a symbol of the failure of this government’s economic plan . ’ cigar-smoking students . other signatories included 21-year-old manchester university students john-jo pierce and rory somerville . facebook pages of the pair – who said they were working zero-hours contracts – included photographs of them smoking cigars whilst dressed in black tie . black tie : rory somerville , aged 19 , pictured at a university ball . mr pierce , who is studying maths , is registered on the electoral roll at his mother 's £1million house which is set in woodland near leatherhead , surrey . his mother deirdre , 55 , yesterday said he was ‘ just a kid’ who ‘ knows nothing about politics’ but had signed the letter after he was asked to by a fellow university student ‘ he vaguely knows’ . she told the mail : ‘ all he did was sign a petition that somebody called andrea asked everybody to sign . he knows a little but not much . it’s the first time he’s been interested in an election . ’ she declined to discuss what work he was doing on a zero- hours contract . mr somerville , who is in his final year studying economics , is registered to vote at his mother 's house , in an affluent area of belfast . mr pierce was also photographed at a party in front of a sign that said ‘ drugz room’ , but mrs pierce said it was just a ‘joke’ sign that was a reference to the us television programme breaking bad . she said : ‘john-jo has never done drugs in his life . it’s a joke about breaking bad . that’s what people of that age do . they all make jokes . ’ mr somerville did not respond to a request to comment . the zero-hours boss . fashion designer wayne hemingway went into meltdown on live television after it was pointed out that his own firm took on interns on a zero-hours basis . mr hemingway , co-founder of the fashion label red or dead , was one of the few business figures willing to put their name to labour’s letter . he said he had agreed to sign up ‘ because i want to see a party that starts to commit to reducing the inequality gap’ . but he became angry when bbc reporter tim willcox pointed out that his own firm had advertised for staff on a zero-hours basis . mr hemingway said the policy had now changed , adding : ‘ it is in the past – we have changed . are we not allowed to change ? we realised it was wrong and we changed two years ago . ’ he said there was a big difference between using unpaid interns and employing someone on zero-hours . yesterday , the firm said it still takes on unpaid interns on a short-term basis , although those staying longer are offered payment . harrods shopper . last night , it was revealed that trade union officials had hurriedly tried to persuade supporters to sign the pro-labour letter just hours after the critical letter from business leaders had been published . tunji offeyi , from tooting , south london , who had previously worked on a zero-hours contract as a hospital porter , said he got an email from unite on wednesday . party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on zero-hour contracts . his facebook page showed him posing with a harrods shopping bag in december last year . mr offeyi last night said he had not been on a zero-hours contract at the time and had treated himself to some perfume . others listed as workers on zero- hours contracts included stacey booth , an administration assistant at leeds council , who is a convenor for the gmb union . another signatory , rema boumerdassi , was found to be a member of the shop workers union usdaw . her twitter page describes her as a single parent and shows her and other union members posing with russell brand . baris yerli also said he used to work on a zero-hours contract , but his online cv revealed his other former jobs included working as a political office assistant at unite . labour luvvies . the letter claimed to be from people from ‘ all walks of life’ but among the signatories were labour councillors and a former mp . derek wyatt , 65 , was mp for sittingbourne but stood down at the last election . others included stephanie elsy , the former labour leader of southwark council who now runs her own political consultancy , and kevin craig , who is a labour representative on lambeth council . billy boyle , the scientist husband of kate gross , a former no10 aide who ran tony blair’s africa charity and died on christmas day aged 36 , was also a signatory of the letter . ex-bbc boss . sir michael lyons , a former chairman of the bbc trust , was among signatories to the letter – despite his own high earnings and questions over his role in approving fatcat pay-offs at the corporation . in 2013 , he faced a grilling from the house of commons public accounts committee over pay-offs , including a £1million package for outgoing director-general mark byford in 2011 . at the bbc , sir michael’s salary was £131,000 , despite the fact he worked a four-day week . his jobs since leaving the broadcaster have included a lucrative role on the board of construction firm mouchel , where he was interim chairman on a £300,000 salary for a time . he is also an ex-labour councillor and wrote a report for ed miliband in his role as his housing guru . the plus sized blogger . callie thorpe is listed on the letter as a receptionist , but online she also describes herself as a ‘plus-size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love’ . the 25-year-old , who lives in london , wrote on her web page : ‘ travelling the world has always been a passion of mine , especially thailand and i thought i would share with you the best five weeks of my life hoping that i can impart some knowledge if you too are looking to travel around thailand or cambodia . ’ she has also posted photographs of trips to berlin , paris and amsterdam . she is a size 18 to 20 .