ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with leicester ... west bromwich albion vs leicester city ( the hawthorns ) . team news . west brom . craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban . the defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr but youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban against barclays premier league rivals leicester . craig dawson brings down manchester city 's wilfried bony which earned him a retrospective red card for west brom after gareth mcauley ( left ) was mistakenly dismissed for the challenge . ben foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while callum mcmanaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback after a foot problem . provisional squad : myhill , rose , gamboa , pocognoli , wisdom , lescott , dawson , olsson , mcauley , baird , brunt , morrison , fletcher , yacob , gardner , sessegnon , berahino , anichebe , ideye . leicester . matt upson and dean hammond are available for leicester 's trip to west brom . defender upson missed the 2-1 win over west ham last week with an achilles problem while midfielder hammond has been sidelined since january with a calf issue but both are back in training . matthew upson closes down a leicester team-mate in training on thursday and could face west brom . boss nigel pearson has no further injury worries as his rock bottom side continue to fight for barclays premier league survival . provisional squad : schmeichel , schwarzer , hamer , simpson , moore , upson , wasilewski , morgan , huth , de laet , konchesky , king , hammond , knockaert , albrighton , schlupp , cambiasso , james , mahrez , nugent , kramaric , vardy , ulloa . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : west brom 21/20 . draw 23/10 . leicester 13/5 . referee : martin atkinson . managers : tony pulis ( west brom ) , nigel pearson ( leicester ) . head-to-head league record : west brom wins 45 , draws 20 , leicester wins 30 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . west brom have won each of their last four competitive encounters with leicester city . there has been an own goal scored in each of the last two competitive meetings between the baggies and the foxes . james morrison scored for west brom in their last meeting at the hawthorns , more than five years ago . tony pulis has not lost three successive premier league games since april 2013 when he was at stoke . leicester have scored five goals in their last two premier league games , as many as the previous eight games combined . wes morgan 's header rebounds off leicester team-mate esteban cambiasso leading to an own goal against the foxes and giving west brom a 1-0 win at the king power stadium back in november . west brom have scored more than twice in only one premier league game this season ( 4-0 vs burnley ) . no team has conceded more own goals than leicester this season ( five , level with sunderland ) . leicester have allowed their opponents more clear cut chances than any other team this season ( 67 ) . the hawthorns has seen the most goals in the opening 15 minutes of games this season ( 10 ) . esteban cambiasso has scored four goals from just five shots on target in the top-flight this term .