as a new fashion designer , cementing a place in the market can be tough ground work . of course , a few celebrity endorsements and a business partner with a little black book packed with a-list contacts does n't hurt . kylie gulliver , a former model and actress ( with appearances on neighbours , offspring and winners and losers on her resume ) from melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years , before a very modern encounter - via instagram - changed her fortune . the 29-year-old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl . scroll down for video . elliott entourage : melbourne brand ' elliott label ' is hitting the big time in hollywood with drew barrymore a fan . power of the kardashians : kourtney ( pictured above ) wore an elliott leather cap and the brand sky-rocketed . the recent projection into the big time comes with the addition of robin antin - dancer , choreographer and founder of the pussycat dolls and grl - as kylie 's business partner . gulliver admits that since antin has come on board the brand has sky rocketed from being a ' small solely-owned start up ' to a complete lifestyle brand that 's reaching a mass market across australia , the us , uk , norway and israel . the two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through instagram . antin , 50 , initially contacted gulliver to request samples for her pop group , grl , and the rest is history . doll to duo : robin antin , founder of the pussycat dolls has now joined with gulliver as partner to elliott label . aussie a-listers : mimie elashiry is one of the brands biggest supporters and currently models for the brand . luxe leather : mimie models on the label 's website - pictured wearing the leather puffer vest , us $ 999 ( left ) , and desert leather tank us $ 239 ( right ) . ' when we finally met up for the first time , we got along so well it felt like we 'd known each other for years , ' gulliver told daily mail over the phone from los angeles . ' but it was n't until i came over to visit her in to la - we 'd been throwing around the idea of launching a lingerie brand , but then i saw her insane jacket collection , and i said : `` screw the lingerie line , come in on eliot label '' . ' according to gulliver , it was one of the best decisions she could have made . ' my biggest regret originally was that i did n't start the label with someone , and so when robin and i decided to work together i finally had someone to do the whole process with me ' . and lend her little black book of hollywood contacts too . antin who counts drew barrymore and cameron diaz as close friends , and has a wide network of a-listers she has been able to give items from the collection to . charlie 's angels : robin antin and drew barrymore became friends on the set of charlie 's angels 2 . close with cameron : robin antin wears elliott puffer vest after dance class with cameron diaz . friendship on film : robin first struck up a friendship with drew and cameron when the pussycat dolls featured in charlie 's angels : full throttle . at their recent elliott label launch in la , barrymore made a red carpet appearance to support the duo . according to antin , the two share a long history together since early days when barrymore first spotted the pussycat dolls and roped them into starring in charlie 's angels 2 . barrymore 's favourite pieces from their label are said to include the a leather blazer ( the one seen worn by antin at their launch ) and a motorcycle vest with a hood . smouldering : the moto jacket from elliott label collection costs us $ 750 from the website . high-end : biker shorts cost $ 389 , and the silk shirt is $ 289 . thousand dollar pants : these leather biker pants cost $ 999 . diaz , not one to miss out either , also received ' a big bag of goodies ' from antin , ' who took them over to her house and dumped on her couch ' and was suitably delighted . the girls know the power of celebrity endorsements , and reveal that the 2013 paparazzi shots of kourtney kardashian wearing a elliott leather cap was a massive boost despite it happening ' organically . ' as is the power of their stockists , such as ' kyle , ' one of the busiest boutiques in beverly hills which happens to be owned by kyle richards of ' the real housewives of beverly hills ' fame ( she is also the aunt of nicky and paris hilton ) . eclectic resume : kylie , 29 , from melbourne , was previously a model and actress , before starting her own label . yet aside from the big name stars showing their support , antin also has a long history in clothing design , with a family history of seamstresses . in the early days of the pussycat dolls she would also make the original costumes by hand . ' when pussycat dolls began , i made every costume . so when kylie came to america and we went through my closet and i showed her everything i had re-done and tailored my way ( even clothing by yves saint laurent ) it was the perfect marriage . ' of the brand itself , gulliver says elliott label is bold , edgy and has attitude that comes with classic and timeless pieces for the every day girl . ' my aim is to steal a place in the market for well tailored , classic , quality material items at a good price point , ' says gulliver . she likens the label to rag and bone and alexander wang - but with an australian influence . gulliver reveals that elliot label was originally born out of a period of feeling ' lost ' and lacking direction , and so the label became her new motivation . lady in leather : gulliver wearing elliott label at the kyle boutique in beverly hills . lost to leather label : gulliver admits her inspiration for starting elliott was after a ' lost ' period in her life . ' for me it was a lifestyle choice starting the label , i was in a ‘place’ when i started it , i thought , you can talk about it or whinge about life or you can just do it , ' says gulliver . ' i was n't enjoying what i was doing anymore and when i was on a holiday in indonesia there was only so much tanning i could do then i noticed all the tannery places in indonesia and that 's when the idea came to me . ' now those restless , tanning days are long behind her , the question is how is she adapting to the non-stop business life of a business owner ? ' it 's stressful at times , the production side of things , language barriers et cetera , but while it 's busy and hectic but i do have a work life balance and i 'm doing something i love that is rewarding , ' she says . melbourne model to la label : kylie gulliver has grown elliott label from small start-up to la lifestyle brand . so what 's next for the leather label ? a vegan leather line is their newest addition , which , according to antin , is already gaining massive ' street cred ' amongst the fashion scene in la . ' i 've been walking around in the non leather puffer vest and people are like where did you get that ? and i say , `` it 's our line '' . then there 's a sport luxe line in collaboration with the pre-existing pussycat doll 's label . ' we are in the developing stage of sport luxe line , pussycat dolls sport . so it will come under the pussycat dolls name , but under the eliott umbrella with pussycat dolls as inspiration for the collection , ' says antin . the elliot label ' sport luxe ' range is hoped to be out for the us summer , as the pussycat dolls vegas shows begin soon and they plan to style the group for the show season . fashion vs fallon : antin and gulliver rub shoulder with stars such as jimmy fallon ( pictured middle ) . gulliver has also started consulting as a social media guru for their new joint venture - social media advisory brand - ' trendsetters . ' ' kylie comes from incredible social media background and we wouldn’t be able to do the business or have met if it was n't through social media , ' says antin . it seems , the sky is the limit for the growing fashion designer duo , with antin even hoping for a brand collaboration in the future - ' look how tom ford got started - kylie and i are just as talented , we have the business sense and creativity to do that , exciting for what future holds for designers and young brand . ' as for the lingerie brand they originally planned to do ? ‘ oh my god , yes we probably will ! ’ right now we 're focusing on elliot label , but robin and i are crazy so we might turn around in six months and say it’s time for that lingerie line and we’ll do it , ' says gulliver .