a newborn baby girl who was found dead inside a garbage can outside an ohio sorority house last week was born alive and then suffocated , according to the coroner . a preliminary ruling from the muskingum county coroner on monday said the baby found at muskingum university campus was nearly full term when she was born , nbc4 reported . the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , authorities said last week , but they have refused to release her name . scroll down for video . found : a newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the delta gamma theta sorority house , pictured , at muskingum university last wednesday . it has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born . they interviewed her after the child 's body was found on wednesday night outside the delta gamma theta sorority house on lakeside drive . no charges have been filed . a university police officer called the sheriff’s office at around 9pm on wednesday after he reported seeing a dead newborn outside the building . the body was inside a plastic bag in the garbage can , according to reports . it 's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school , the times reporter noted . jennifer bryant , then 22 , was arrested on involuntary manslaughter and other charges in 2002 after she gave birth to a baby boy in her campus apartment and then put him in the trash . he later died . bryant , who was a student at the school , pleaded guilty and was sentenced in to three years in prison in 2003 , but she was released after seven months . tragic : it is the second time an abandoned baby has died at the university campus in eastern ohio . in 2002 , the body of a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison . ohio has a safe haven law that 's been in place since 2001 allowing mothers of newborns to anonymously leave their child at a hospital or fire station . the newborn is then placed with child services and hopefully then put in a loving home . as long as the newborn shows no sign of abuse or neglect then the mother does not face any legal charges . muskingum university , which is about 70 miles east of columbus , has 3,000 students . see below for video .