french trainer freddy head has favourably compared his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit , who landed three group one races in 2014 . ride like the wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first classic of the season run on saturday , may 2 . ride like the wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term , posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the group three prix djebel by a head . french trainer freddy head likens his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to charm spirit . both the runner-up that day , make believe , and the fifth home , sinfonietta , could reoppose in the guineas to make it a three-pronged french assault on the 2,000 guineas . head said : ‘ ride like the wind will run in the 2,000 guineas . he has done very well since his last race , his work has been good , and i think that he has improved a bit . ‘ he is on the same sort of level as charm spirit was at this time last year . they are similar horses in that they tend to be a bit keen and if ride like the wind settles better than charm spirit did last year i think that he has a good chance . head says ride like the wind is ' on the same sort of level ' as charm spirit was at this time last year . ‘ that is why i have given him two runs already this season , to get the freshness out of him before the guineas . ' i was very happy with his prix djebel victory . he settled then quickened well and it was to his credit that he won despite being held up at the back of the field when the pace was slow . ' the undulations at newmarket won’t be a problem for him and although seven furlongs is a good trip for him at the moment i think that he will stay a mile as long as he relaxes . ’ the aidan o’brien-trained pair of gleneagles and highland reel head the 2,000 guineas entries . also still in contention are the three winners of last week’s classic trials – kool kompany ( craven stakes ) , home of the brave ( free handicap ) and muhaarar ( greenham stakes ) . gleneagles and highland reel , both trained by aidan o’brien , lead the entries for the 2,000 guineas . roger varian’s impressive newbury winner intilaaq could still be supplemented to the guineas . connections would have to pay £30,000 on monday to add him to the line-up . one colt who is looking likely to be supplemented to the 2,000 guineas field is godolphin 's territories , who has pleased andre fabre since winning a group three at longchamp . a statement on godolphin’s website quoted fabre as saying : ‘ territories has come out of his trial very well and has come on for the run . at this stage , a supplementary entry in the 2000 guineas at newmarket is under serious consideration and we are 90 % certain to take that route , subject to the horse continuing to please me . ’ 