frightened : diana doyle was plagued with cold calls . a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the mail can reveal today . it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring . even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale . the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks . our investigation has revealed that : the revelations have prompted probes by the information commissioner’s office and the direct marketing commission . a third investigation has been launched by the general pharmaceutical council into pharmacy2u , the uk’s biggest online pharmacy . the mail revealed that pharmacy2u had passed information on nhs patients to alchemy direct media . the eating disorder data – passed to the mail by a whistleblower – is being touted by a firm called sequester , which is a business partner of alchemy . sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions – from skin problems to insomnia and migraines . it claims to be able to identify those who have had plastic surgery , who smoke , wear glasses or contact lenses or have sensitive teeth . it also appears to offer details of which credit cards people have and which banks they use , as well as whether they have wills or health insurance . such data is a goldmine for unscrupulous firms and criminals – who can use it to target vulnerable individuals and scam them over the phone . the whistleblower , who works in the data industry , said it was ‘madness’ that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it . he said : ‘ i am not registered with the regulators , i’m just a man who has worked in the industry at some point – and all this information is available to me . it’s absolute madness . ’ the list of categories of data was contained in an email – seen by the mail – from sequester’s ceo matthew foy in which he described the information his firm was able to supply on its new database . at the top of the email , he writes : ‘ please do not distribute this list . ’ the whistleblower said : ‘ imagine who else could get their hands on this . when i realised the level of information companies like sequester have , that is when i knew how serious a problem this is . ‘ we give our private health and financial details to people we trust , it is not fair they end up in the hands of people we don’t . ’ he said he had been sent databases containing records of thousands of people’s pensions , investments and intimate health details . dr sarah wollaston , who was the tory chairman of the commons health committee , said ' it 's appalling ' . one of those on sequester’s arthritis database is diana doyle from wandsworth in london , who says she is ‘frightened’ her health details are being sold on . the grandmother , whose husband suffers from vascular dementia and is in a home , added : ‘i’m a very private person , i always say , “ no thank you” when asked for my details . ‘i’m on my own at home now , so this is very frightening . ’ she suspects her medical details were obtained from a survey she filled out in a catalogue . the 74-year-old has had to change her home phone number because she was getting so many nuisance calls . dr sarah wollaston , who was the tory chairman of the commons health committee , last night said : ‘ it is appalling that this kind of deeply personal and sensitive information is being traded . it is deeply worrying . ’ when approached by the mail , bosses at sequester , which describes itself as a data controller , claimed they had never actually distributed any information on eating disorders or any of the other sensitive health information advertised in the email . chief executive mr foy said the company did not hold such information and that his email had simply been saying that ‘ this list is available on the market , that we could find it for a client’ . ‘ that does not necessarily mean it is available for release , ’ he said . watchdog will probe ' rogue ' data firms who sold mail 's undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people . by lucy osborne . two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog . b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people – including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments . the second firm – data bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients – such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems . the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data . it confirmed it was ‘ formally investigating two companies following allegations in the daily mail that personal data was shared inappropriately and without the consent of users’ . george kidd , the chief commissioner , said : ‘ the allegations in the daily mail are serious . people must be able to trust those with whom they share their data . we will look carefully at the roles and conduct of these two companies and advise the direct marketing association on our findings quickly . ’ the firms are already at the centre of a major probe by the information commissioner’s office , which said the sale of such details was ‘ on the face of it , a very serious breach of the data protection act’ . in meetings covertly filmed by our reporters , bosses at b2c data were seen boasting of how they held thousands of details on every family in britain . one , gareth doran , boasted : ‘ we know what clothes they buy , what health products they buy , where they go on holiday , how many times they go on holiday , what income they’ve got , whether they have children . ’ data bubble bosses offered to provide our reporters with the names of people with ‘ different ailments’ for around 16p each . when asked how the information was obtained , the firm’s owner , hypnotherapist joanne clayton , said : ‘ it could be people who bought mobility products from a catalogue … or even if they’ve been on holiday and they’ve ticked to say that they are needing help on the flight with regards to that , we can then identify that they actually have problems with mobility . ’ both companies sold the records despite not carrying out checks on the mail’s bogus cold calling firm . had they done so they would have quickly discovered it was simply a website and was not registered or regulated by the financial conduct authority . the announcement follows calls – led by david cameron – for a clampdown on companies found guilty of selling personal data without consent . the prime minister suggested on monday night that the law would be tightened if loopholes were being exploited by unscrupulous cold callers . 