two months after it announced it was launching its own mobile network , google is now looking at ways to get rid of roaming fees . the tech giant is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ' wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . scroll down for video . google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ' wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they are . in particular , a deal with hutchison would extend the service to the uk , ireland , italy and spain. , but the plans would only affect the small base of customers on google 's plan . last week three extending its feel at home scheme to spain and new zealand . feel at home lets three customers use their phones , and their plans , in the same way they can at home even when they 're in a foreign country . spain and new zealand take the total number of feel at home countries to 18 . the other nations include france , switzerland , israel , norway , sri lanka , australia , finland , indonesia , macau , italy , austria , hong kong , sweden , denmark , the republic of ireland and the usa . three already offers a similar scheme called feel at home that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries . google 's vice president sundar pichai confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at mobile world congress in barcelona in february . it will be initially offered to cities that have google fiber , such as kansas , texas and utah and google is working with network operators on developing the cellular plan . ‘ you will see us announce it in the coming months , i think we are at a stage where it is important to think about hardware , software and connectability together , ’ said the 43-year-old . the rumours of a google mobile network plan first emerged in april last year . instead of building masts , google will buy access to existing 3g and 4g networks at wholesale prices and sell the connectivity back to customers at a cheaper rate . three already offers a similar scheme called feel at home ( pictured ) that lets customers use their phones and their plans for free , in 18 countries . spain and new zealand were the latest countries to join this scheme . a mobile virtual network operator ( mvno ) is a company that offers mobile service plans using existing networks . mvnos do n't own the infrastructure the networks are built on . instead , they buy access to parts of these networks at wholesale prices . the company can then use this access to run its own wireless plans and resell the connectivity back to customers - usually at a reduced rate . lycamobile in the u.s , for example , is an mvno because it runs on t-mobile’s network . in the uk , tesco mobile shares o2’s , and ultimately telefonica’s , networks . an mvno is typically run as an independent company , with its own staff and customer service . this would make google a mobile virtual network operator ( mvno ) similar to lycamobile in the us that runs on t-mobile’s network , and tesco mobile in the uk which shares o2’s networks . mvnos do n't own the infrastructure the networks are built on . instead , they buy access to parts of these networks at wholesale prices . the company can then use these network to run its own wireless plans and resell the connectivity back to customers - usually at a reduced rate . mr pinchai said : ‘ we want to be able to experiment along those lines , [ but ] we do n't intend to be a network operator at scale . ’ he described the plans as a ‘project’ and will do it on a small enough scale to not threaten existing networks . in particular , mr pichai said the setup should provide at seamless connection between wi-fi and mobile networks . sources said at the time of the original rumours that any google-branded mobile network would initially launch in cities that have google fiber . google launched its 1000mps fiber broadband service in 2011 , starting with kansas city . google 's vice president sundar pichai ( pictured ) confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at mobile world congress in barcelona in february . instead of building masts , google will buy access to existing networks and sell connectivity back to customers at a cheaper rate . travelex has launched a ' supercard ' that makes fees charged by banks for using your card abroad a thing of the past . based on an average 10-day holiday , travelex told mailonline a family of four could save almost £110 . the supercard looks and works like a standard debit card , but it connects to an app and lets users consolidate multiple cards onto one account . the banking fees are paid for by travelex and savings are shown in real-time . and if a card is lost or stolen it can be blocked using the app . in 2013 , the firm announced it was expanding the service to austin in texas , provo in utah and a number of other towns in missouri and california . more locations are due to be added later this year , but the roll-out is slow because google has to install the relevant infrastructure needed . google fiber starts at $ 70 ( £42 ) a month and has been praised for offering high speeds at relatively low prices . google’s wireless plans would remove some of the costs , and time spent , in setting up its own network and it would equally benefit from using already established and well-connected networks . this could help google cement itself as an internet service provider . google could additionally use the network to sell its nexus range of phones , for example , with contract or service plans .