a commuter is fighting for his life after reportedly bending down to pick up his bag and being hit on the head by a rush-hour tube train as it pulled into a station . other passengers watched in horror as the man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station this morning . the station , which also serves the victoria line , was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital . emergency services were called to stockwell station in south london this morning after a man sustained life-threatening head injuries while bending down to pick up his bag from the platform . graphic designer lesia biloshytska , who was at the station , told how passengers screamed when the young man was hit . she said : ' a girl who witnessed the whole thing said he had been picking up a bag . ' he must have not realised how close he was to the edge as he bent down and his head bowed too far forwards at just the wrong moment . ' i was standing only maybe five metres away and he was hit by the front of the train as it came into the platform . the train was slowing down but we were at the end where people get into the back carriages . ' there were a lot of people on the platform when it happened , and some were screaming . at first we did not know if he was under the train or not . ' she added : ' i could only see his legs . i did not see his injuries because staff were gathering around . it was very frightening . ' at this time of morning the platform is always very crowded . you have to let two or three trains go before you get on one and there is sometimes a little pushing with people trying to get on and off . ' commuters told of their shock after witnessing the accident , which happened shortly before 9am today . a man was rushed to hospital after he was hit in the head by a train at stockwell this morning . file image . isabelle zonderland said : ' i was on the tube when it happened . he got hit only metres from our carriage . ' when we were let off the tube i saw him lying there . someone who i believe was on the platform was checking for a pulse . his face was covered in blood . ' others went on twitter to tell of what they had seen . one man posted : ' just saw a poor guy get his head pretty much sliced off by the tube @ stockwell as he bent over to get his bag . poor guy . hoping he 's ok . ' chris duncan tweeted : ' was on this train . awful . man hit in the head by oncoming tube train in horrific accident . ' nick brown , london underground 's chief operating officer , said : ' a passenger on a northern line platform was struck by a train entering stockwell station . ' our emergency response team and the london ambulance service attended the scene . we are investigating the incident to understand exactly what happened but we have already established that while the station was busy , the platform was not overcrowded . ' the accident was witnesses by scores of commuters , who told of their horror on twitter . the london ambulance service spokesman said : ' we were called at 8.53am to stockwell tube station to reports of an incident . ' we sent an ambulance crew , a paramedic on a motorcycle , duty station officer and london 's air ambulance to the scene . ' we treated a man reported to be in his 20s for head injuries and he was taken as a priority to kings college hospital . ' the accident comes after last month 's tragic incident in which londoner nick mann , 35 , died of severe head injuries when he attempted to save his 32-year-old brother robert from being struck by a train at old street tube station . robert mann remains in hospital . earlier in the month , on march 12 , a rush-hour passenger was dragged along at clapham south tube station - three stops from stockwell - after getting her coat caught in a train door . the woman ended up falling into the gap between two carriages of the northern line train and was taken to hospital with serious arm and head injuries .