sorry : journalist sabrina rubin erdely ( pictured ) is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape . the journalist who wrote rolling stone 's flawed account of a campus rape is set to apologize sunday night , when the columbia journalism school publishes a review of what went wrong with her reporting . sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a university of virginia student named jackie . in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago . but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident does n't seem to exist . the columbia graduate school of journalism will release their review of the botched rolling stone investigation at 8pm on sunday . following that , sources tell cnn that erdely will release an apologetic statement and rolling stone will take the story down from their website . while the article initially sparked protests on campus , erdely 's reporting quickly began to fall apart as the washington post and local outlets started following up on the allegations . one mistake of erdely 's previously highlighted , was the fact she agreed not to contact jackie 's alleged attackers . scroll down for video . report : the columbia journalism school is expected to release a review of the botched story sunday night . claims : the story published in november focused on a university of virginia student named jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' phi kappa psi fraternity two years ago . above , the frat house on january 15 , 2015 . anonymous : jackie has never been identified . police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . three of jackie 's friends also denied erdely 's assertion that they discouraged the alleged victim from reporting the assault . by december 5 , rolling stone acknowledged that there appeared ' to be discrepancies in jackie 's account . ' the magazine asked for the independent review , which was conducted by the dean of the columbia graduate school of journalism . the fraternity has called the article defamatory and said it was exploring its legal options . ' these false accusations have been extremely damaging to our entire organization , but we can only begin to imagine the setback this must have dealt to survivors of sexual assault , ' said stephen scipione , president of the virginia alpha chapter of phi kappa psi , after the charlottesville police suspended their investigation . despite its flaws , the article heightened scrutiny of campus sexual assaults amid a campaign by president barack obama . the university of virginia had already been on the department of education 's list of 55 colleges under investigation for their handling of sex assault violations . the article also prompted uva president teresa sullivan to temporarily suspend greek social events . fraternities later agreed to ban kegs , hire security workers and keep at least three fraternity members sober at each event . 