onlookers have described the horrifying moment they saw a surfer being mauled by a ' monster ' great white shark on south australia 's west coast . the man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes . the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital . mr blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park , when he was attacked at 9.45am on saturday . mr blowes was out in the surf with about a dozen others when she ' massive ' shark struck . shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its jaw . ' the shark came in and bit his leg off and the guys helped him in and carried him up the cliff , ' said glenn lugg , who has been surfing in the area for 25 years . ' i was just watching the shark go out to the ocean with his board still attached . obviously the shark still had his leg and he was still swimming around with it , ' mr lugg told adelaide now . scroll down for video . the shark victim was taken to hospital before being airlifted to adelaide for further treatment on saturday . mr lugg was told to call an ambulance while his fellow surfers pulled mr blowes from the water , up the beach on a surfboard and into a car to take the 26-year-old to hospital . the shocked witness said the experience was ' pretty traumatic ' , but that everyone involved did a great job . a friend of mr blowes , ty swan , described the 26-year-old as a ' good bloke ' , and that he had been bitten in the middle of the thigh . mr swan placed a sign at the popular tourist beach to let others know of the attack . another witness , who was surfing at the time , told daily mail australia that ' there was blood everywhere ' . the injured man was initially taken to port lincoln hospital with life-threatening injuries but been been airlifted to adelaide for further treatment . shocked witnesses said after the attack , which took place at fishery bay , south australia , the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the surfer 's leg in its mouth . the man was airlifted to adelaide for further treatment after he was bitten by a shark . another man said those closest to the badly injured surfer acted quickly without any thought of danger to themselves . ' i was just watching the shark go out to the ocean with his board still attached , ' another witness told the sunday mail . ' obviously the shark still had his leg and he was still swimming around with it . ' the man said even though he was 50 metres from the shark , he could see its ' massive ' pectoral fin - and he had no doubts it was a great white shark , the most feared creature in the sea . however details of the type of shark and the man 's injuries have not been released or confirmed . surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark in fishery bay , port lincoln , in south australia . fishery bay is on south australia 's west coast , which is about seven hours from adelaide . witnesses have described the horrifying moment that saw the man being mauled by a great white shark . after the shark victim had been brought ashore and carried up a slope to a parking area , he was loaded into a car . the man , who remains in a critical condition , has been airlifted via a medstar retrieval team to the royal adelaide hospital for further treatment . police were working with fisheries officials , the local council and surf life saving sa to post signs on the beach warning others promptly after the shark attack . the attacked happened during conditions that police and marine experts have previously said are dangerous . the overcast conditions make it difficult for surfers to see sharks that might be in the area and it is believed that sharks often mistake humans for seals or dolphins . the incident comes after surfer jake heron managed to fight off a four metre great white at the same beach 10 years ago which attacked him just 10 metres from shore by punching and kicking it . he escaped with 20 stitches in his arm and 40 stitches in his thigh . jake heron was mauled by a four-metre great white in 2005 . wildcatch fisheries sa chairman jonas woolford said the number of shark sightings in the area had risen recently . ' there has been a number of sightings just recently actually at a number of locations along the coast near to fishery bay , just around the corner , the sightings have said that the sharks have been rather aggressive actually , ' mr woolford told the abc . ' it 's been reported that there has n't been many for about 10 or so weeks , so whether those ones that have been laying low are now coming back to the areas which they normally frequent and they may be rather hungry ... but yes , there has been more sightings around just recently . ' 