a 32-year-old english teacher who admitted having sex with a 16-year-old student posted a celebratory selfie on instagram just hours after discovering she had avoided a prison sentence . shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender . when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ' my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces . followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture , prompting her to respond : ' i 'm so relieved . ' however she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at destrehan high school and another teacher . ' my mood today ' : shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , posted this selfie on instagram after discovering she had avoided jail - despite admitting she had sex with a 16-year-old student . reaction : followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture , prompting her to respond : ' i 'm so relieved ' . however she still faces charges she had a threesome with the student and another teacher . ' free ' woman : the 32-year-old , confessed in court thursday to having sex with a 16-year-old english student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time . the married mother-of-three pictured above leaving the st charles parish courthouse on thursday . double the trouble : dufresne ( right ) and fellow teacher rachel respess , 24 ( left ) , were arrested in september when a student at destrehan high school started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them . how they met : the unidentified 16-year-old victim was a student in dufresne 's english class last year . respess taught the same student english the year prior . she was arrested in september after the teen in question started bragging to friends that he had slept with two teachers . an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher at the time , dufresne , and his english teacher from the prior year , 24-year-old rachel respess - including an alleged a threesome with both at respess 's house . though she originally pleaded not guilty in november , married mother-of-three dufresne changed course and confessed to the sordid act at a status conference in court on thursday . comfortable : as part of her plea deal , dufresne will not have to serve any jail time . instead she will undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program , surrender her teacher 's license and stay away from the victim and his family . in exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity , the original charge of carnal knowledge of a juvenile will be held for the three years dufresne is under probation for obscenity . dufresne must also undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment , surrender her teacher 's license , and stay away from the now 17-year-old victim and his family . if she complies with all of those terms , the carnal knowledge charge will be dropped after three years and she will not have to register as a sex offender . the carnal knowledge charge carries a maximum of ten years in prison and a fine for $ 5,000 . judge anne simon signed off on the plea deal , after three other judges - including dufresne 's father judge emile st pierre - removed themselves from the case . district attorney joel chaisson ii heralded the deal as a success . ' i want to thank my special prosecutor , julie cullen , for her efforts to reach a fair resolution of the case and to secure a felony guilty plea , thereby sparing the juvenile victim in this matter from having to testify at a public trial , ' the da said in a statement . the parents of the victim were in court on thursday , and according to media who attended the meeting , they were not happy with the settlement . however , dufresne 's legal battle is likely not over yet . when her relationship with the teen was exposed last fall , it was revealed that she had sex with the teen at a residence in montz ( dufresne and her family live in montz ) and one in kenner between august 22 and september 27 . dufresne still faces the possibility of jail time for allegedly having a threesome with the same student and respess at respess ' residence in another louisiana parish ( pictured above ) . neither woman has been formally arraigned on those charges yet . above , dufresne 's home in montz , louisiana . the charges she settled thursday had to do with sex acts she and the 16-year-old committed at a residence in that town . both towns fall under different parishes , and jefferson parish has yet to formally arraign dufresne on charges of carnal knowledge with a juvenile , indecent behavior with a juvenile and contributing to the delinquency of a child . it was at respess ' home in kenner that the teachers allegedly had a three-way with the student after a high school football game in september , and that is the incident they await arraignment on . since her arrest on september 30 , dufresne has remained free on bond . while she has been under house arrest during this time , the rules of the sequester have been loosened so that she can attend therapy sessions , jazzercize classes and help drive her 3 , 5 , and 7-year-old children to school and extracurricular activities . however , she had to spend 8pm to 7am inside her home during the weekdays . both dufresne and respess were suspended from their jobs without pay following their arrests last fall .  