manchester city captain vincent kompany insists that uefa’s financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust . the premier league champions were last year deemed to have breached ffp regulations , before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season . city are debt-free , mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner sheikh mansour’s heavy personal investment , whereas manchester united were able to splash out £150m on new talent in the summer , despite being in the region of £400m in the red . manchester city captain vincent kompany has slammed ffp for protecting the established order of clubs . ahead of the manchester derby on sunday , kompany has hit back at the ffp rulings , claiming they prevent other teams challenging the established sides at the upper echelons of the game . ' just who is ffp protecting ? ' kompany told the sunday mirror . ' for me , it is protecting those few clubs who were already geared up to be successful . ‘ just because a club is part of the established order does n't mean they should be guaranteed success forever , ’ he added . ' i just look at it in terms of the established order protecting themselves . ’ ' when i first came to england seven years ago , it was the same four clubs always in the top four . that has changed . our owners have invested to build a successful club . that in itself will bring in more fans and create more revenue . is that so bad ? kompany and his city team-mates react after losing to crystal palace over the easter weekend . glenn murray holds off a challenge from manchester city captain vincent kompany at selhurst park . the belgian international has guided city to pick up two premier league titles , a fa cup and the capital one cup in the past four seasons , having joined the club just 10 days before sheikh mansour bought the club . kompany praises the impact of the owners on aspects that aren’t just beneficial to the club and claimed such a takeover and transformation would be impossible with ffp in full swing . ‘ look at what this club has done for the community and the city of manchester – and do n't forget that we pay a lot of tax in the uk as well , so that helps the economy , ’ said kompany . ' if city 's owners had n't invested like they did five years ago , it might have been too late for them to create a top club . ' ' what has been introduced denies clubs like leeds , nottingham forest and others with big fan-bases the opportunity to ever get to the top level again . ' city owner ( second right ) sheikh mansour talks to his key members of staff on a trip to abu dhabi . 