a new york photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on valentine 's day . justin bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his ' set in the street ' project . bettman , sometimes with the help of designer gozde eker , would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by new york photographer justin bettman . although it looks like a dining room , the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , where the couple had their first date . but zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that bettman was actually building these sets right on the street , using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage . bettman 's work caught the attention of jose luis , who saw a feature on the photographer in new york magazine and sent him an email with an idea , according topetapixel . ' i am planning to propose to my girlfriend , and i was wondering if there is a way for you to help me do it , ' he wrote . ' as you can understand , i am not the richest man in the world . i am simply in love . ' bettman said after he read the email there ' was n't even a question ' on whether he would say yes . ' of course i was going to build a set for this guy to propose on , ' he said in a video chronicling the proposal . bettman told daily mail online that luis ' girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before luis got down on one knee and popped the question . the set was built on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , the very spot where luis and his girlfriend had their first date . bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow-covered ground at 4am , using furniture they had found on craigslist , friends ' apartments and right off the sidewalk . meanwhile , luis told his girlfriend that he had submitted them for a casting to be in a photo shoot by a random photographer he found on craigslist . after luis revealed to his girlfriend they had been chosen for the shoot , they arrived on the set and bettman pretended he had never met either of them , the photographer told daily mail online . bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow-covered ground at 4am , using furniture they had found on craigslist , friends ' apartments and right off the sidewalk . bettman ( pictured ) caught the media 's attention when he began his set in the street project in december 2014 . bettman than directed the couple through a regular photoshoot , before asking luis if he wanted to try any poses that the photographer had n't asked for yet . that 's when luis popped the question . ' it was pretty surreal to see him get down on one knee and ask her , ' bettman told daily mail online . ' it was emotional for everyone -- my makeup artist started crying . ' after the excited girlfriend said yes , bettman left the set standing , as he does with all his creations . bettman posted a sign that invited passerbys to pose and take pictures with the set and share their photos on instagram under the hashtag # setinthestreet , so that people could see how it transformed with both time and different personalities . the photographer now leaves his sets after he finishes his photo shoots , inviting passerbys to take photographs and add their own spin to the backdrops . the proposal project was especially special to bettman , who told daily mail online it was surreal to watch .