as one might imagine , rafa benitez 's arrival at stamford bridge as interim manager in 2012 came as quite a slap in the face to chelsea fans still hurting from roberti di matteo 's untimely departure just months after winning the champions league . this was a man who had beaten the blues in two champions league semi-finals with drab defensive tactics - meaning that a sub-standard liverpool side reached two finals , while jose mourinho 's team of world class individuals missed out . as expected , we did n't warm to rafa when he walked out for his first game at the bridge . he had made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his liverpool days and was rightly given a frosty reception . rafa benitez is set to leave napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services . benitez was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it 's fair to say the fans never warmed to him . cody taylor is a fan writer on 90min.com . he did little to bring the support on-side in his the first few weeks either . chelsea drew benitez 's first two games 0-0 , before a 3-1 defeat against west ham in a london derby - embarrassing . the only thing is , in the end he managed to get the job done and it would be the same for another club today . rafa never liked being called the ' interim ' manager , in fact he made a point of letting people know the title irked him , but he was brought in on a mission to keep the club on course until the end of the season . it was n't pretty , but that was exactly what he did . rafa also managed to get a better return from fernando torres - a player that was pretty much useless at chelsea before and after . the season even ended with another european trophy . people often forget that in 2011/12 chelsea finished 6th in the premier league - the lowest in 10 years - a fact conveniently masked by two cup wins . in 2012/13 rafa ensured chelsea finished 3rd and got an automatic pass back into the champions league group stage when there was big pressure from arsenal and tottenham . as chelsea fans , we certainly did n't like him , but looking back we hate to think what might have happened without him . benitez got the best out of his squad for the rest of the season and he got the best out of fernando torres . chelsea won the europa league in 2013 under rafa benitez after beating benfica in amsterdam . one chelsea fan thanks benitez for his efforts on the last day of the season in 2013 at stamford bridge . the rumours are that he could now be on for a return to the premier league - he knows english football inside out and would actually be perfect for several clubs . manchester city is one possible destination - he 'd probably do a similar interim job there while they wait for pep guardiola - and newcastle is another . the reality is that while rafa possibly would n't be a popular choice at either , he would give both clubs exactly what they need . city require an experienced and pragmatic stop-gap that knows how to keep things ticking over until they can land their superstar . newcastle need someone who can get the best out of a talented group of players that are significantly underachieving at this moment in time . in that respect rafa certainly made sure liverpool punched above their weight . people do n't like to admit it , but he 's a good manager and probably deserves his chance in the premier league again . 