a video posted by ufc president dana white gave a revealing insight into the extremes to which fighters go to make weight . just half an hour before he was due to step on the scales , lyoto machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ‘max’ . at the end of the video , the brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor . scroll down for videos . lyoto machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket . ' the dragon ' calmly waits while wearing a sauna suit ahead of the weigh-in . machida gets ready to remove his sauna suit to make weight before the fight on saturday . a considerable amount of water pours to the floor after the brazilian lifts up his sauna suit . machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on luke rockhold in new jersey on saturday night . the 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion , a division in which the limit is 205lb . machida earlier told sportsmail he hopes victory over rockhold would lead to a title shot . ‘ i think if i apply my style , my technique , i can stop luke , you know . if i can do my strategy , i can win the fight , ’ he said . ‘ i know there was another fight in line for the title shot - jacare vs yoel romero – but now , whoever wins out of me and luke – deserves a title shot i think . ‘ i can see a couple of weaknesses in luke but it’s hard to say before the fight , it’s hard to foresee the fight . i have to be there to feel the fight- to see any mistakes he makes . ‘ i am very well prepared for this fight . i had eight weeks of camp and i had great training . glover [ teixeira ] was there and many , many other fighters . so i am feeling very well , very calm , and i think i can do a great job . ’ machida takes to the scales at the weigh-in ahead of his clash with luke rockhold . machida and rockhold ( right ) take part in the traditional pre-fight face off in new jersey . 