there are some very high expectations for the jj abrams-directed star wars : episode vii - the force awakens when it hits theaters on december 18 . the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend , according to a tuesday article from the hollywood reporter . that 's more than the $ 483m record set by the final harry potter film - harry potter and the deathly hallows – part 2 - in 2011 . scroll down for trailer . the film could make over $ 2 billion : star wars : episode vii - the force awakens released its trailer on thursday to a packed audience at california 's anaheim convention center ; here harrison ford appears as han solo alongside chewbacca . ' if it pleases the fans of the old movies and also appeals to kids , watch out , ' box-office analyst phil contrino told the publication . ' force awakens will hit $ 1 billion without blinking . if it 's really good , it could cross $ 2 billion . ' already disney and lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that 's full of stormtroopers , jedis and lightsabers . ancient : the opening shot of the trailer reveals a speeder on the planet jaku , where a crashed star destoyer and x-wing are buried in the sand . the second trailer was released on thursday to massive fanfare at the star wars celebration in anaheim . the one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by abrams with stars fisher , mark hamill , daisy ridley , oscar isaac and john boyega looking on . the clip is the first time han solo , played by harrison ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's return of the jedi . he is joined by chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying , ' chewie , we 're home . ' burned : an unknown pair of hands hold the melted mask of darth vader , apparently retrieved from his funeral pyre at the end of return of the jedi . familiar ? a hooded unknown character with a robotic arm , possibly luke skywalker , is seen reaching for r2d2 . passing it down ? we see a lightsaber - which looks exacly like luke 's from a new hope - being handed over , strongly suggesting skywalker has had a child . fly boys : an x-wing squadron is seen racing along above water . red leader : oscar isaac whoops as x-wing pilot poe dameron , still bearing the rebel insignia on his helmet . amboee brand intelligence is reporting a global debut of $ 533.2 million to $ 539.5 million . they 're basing their prediction on how well the star wars trailer is trafficking online . and they are impressed by how it has done much better than the trailers for both furious 7 and fifty shades of grey , which have been massive international hits . in trouble : daisy ridley plays rey and john boyega is finn - they are seen fleeing a pursuing tie fighter on the jaku . new baddie : the mysterious wielder of the much-discussed crucifix lightsaber is revealed , using the force while wearing a mask . it is already being assumed that force awakens will get the widest release ever , meaning at least 4,500 locations in north america . the robert pattinson and kristen stewart vampire saga twilight : eclipse went out in 4,468 screens . disney did not comment to the reporter . and the competition wo n't be stiff either . the other films coming out that weekend are sisters , universal 's tina fey-amy poehler comedy . new empire : the new stormtroopers form ranks in front of a new insignia that is reminiscent of the old imperial one . new look : modern tie fighters are seen flying in formation above the desert planet , possibly in pursuit of finn and rey . the trailer opens on what appears to be the newly revealed desert planet jaku ( or jakoo ) , as a speeder races across the sands we see an ancient downed star destroyer and a skeletal x-wing , which clearly crashed there from orbit decades ago . we then see a an unknown pair of hands holding the mangled mask of darth vader , melted and disfigured from the sith lord 's funeral pyre at the end of return of the jedi . we hear a voice - believed to be mark hamill 's - reprising a line from the 1983 film : ' the force is strong in my family . my father has it . i have it . my sister has it . ' ambush : a base filled with stormtroopers and tie fighters comes under attack from unseen assailants . revealed : fans already knew boyega 's character was a stormtrooper - or at least posed as one - since november 's first teaser trailer . a hooded figure with a robotic arm , very likely luke skywalker , reaches out and lays a hand on r2d2 as john williams rising score plays in the background . we then see a lightsaber changing hands between two more unseen characters , as the voice finishes : ' you have that power too ' - a strong suggestion luke skywalker has had a child . the lightsaber itself looks exactly like the one luke inherited from obi wan kenobi in a new hope , but lost when darth vader cut off his hand above at the climax of the empire strikes back , suggesting the weapon was somehow retrieved from below bespin 's cloud city . upgrades : a number of ships from the old imperial fleet are seen , including this star destroyer . elite : one of the most intriguing images from the trailer was this unknown troop , wearing a black version of the stormtrooper armour . then in a flurry of quick scenes we see oscar isaac as pilot poe dameron flying with a squadron of x-wings above water ; his helmet and flight suit still bear the rebel insignia from the original series . suddenly a hooded figure swinging the much-discussed ' crucifix lightsaber ' at the camera ; before john boyega and daisy ridley as rey and finn are seen fleeing a tie fighter blasting at them from above the desert planet , while the new rolling droid bb8 trudles speedily beside them . passenger : the rolling droid bb-8 is spotted inside the millennium falcon , peeking around a corner . she gets into more than she bargained for : rey gets involved with finn and also crosses paths with isaac 's character , it was learned . it is then we get our first proper look at the masked villain wielding the red lightsaber as he performs a force push , while stormtroopers mill about him in amid a fiery background . we then appear to get a glimpse of what has become of the empire - a squadron on the new look stormtroopers form rank in a snow-covered location beneath a new black and red insignia reminiscent of the old imperial one , surrounded by gun batteries and parked tie fighters , while a sole figue can be seen on a stage way in the background . immediately we get to see the new look tie fighters in action as a pair fly in formation above the sand , before a base filled with the former imperial troops and falls under attack . helping hand : this appears to be the moment finn and rey meet - as both actors confirmed in the q & a they become allies in the film . bucket of bolts : fans got to see the millennium falcon in action once again , as it is pursued by two tie fighters . executor ? the ship is chased into the inverted ruins of a super star destroyer , which also appears to have crashed on the desert planet . one of the tie fighters seems to attack its own base , suggesting it was commandeered by whomever the troops are fighting against . as the explosions rock the base we see one stormtrooper remove his helmet to reveal john boyega , a plot point fans were aware of having spotted him in the uniform in the fist teaser trailer back in november . as the trailer continues , more and more evidence of surviving elements of the supposedly toppled empire are revealed , including at least one operating star destroyer , although all the ships seen appear to have been modified or updated in the decades that have past since return of the jedi . i have you now : the tie fighter pilot fires upon the millennium falcon as it chases the ship that once belonged to han solo . homage : this shot is a clear nod the pursuit of the falcon through the second death star at the climax of 1983 's return of the jedi . one of the most intriguing shots was of a new character wearing a black version of stormtrooper armour , perhaps some sort of elite troop , who wore a cloak over one shoulder similar to fan favourite boba fett . this image is followed by one of bb-8 peeking around a corner in thr interior of a ship that is surely the millennium falcon . during the q & a session at the fan panel in anaheim , john and daisy had confirmed that their characters form an allegiance and the trailer appears to show that moment as rey stand 's above an exhausted finn - presumably after fleeing from the tie fighters - and extends an arm in friendship . in character : the actors in costume for the adventure ; daisy wore the same style of togs mark hamill wore as luke in the first star wars . a new look : several scenes from the force awakens were shared ; this one shows boyega in his stormtrooper outfit . the penultimate shot of the trailer shows the millennium falcon - whose pilot is as yet unknown - being pursued across jaku by a pair of tie fighters , presumably the same ones that were chasing finn and rey . they chase the ship , once ( and possibly still ) owned by han solo into the belly of an enormous ruined inverted super star destroyer . in one of the teasers many nods to the original films besides , the sequence mirrors the final battle above endor when the falcon was flown into the heart of the second death star . during the panel , jj talked about his love of the franchise . ' i was 11 years old when star wars come out , ' he said . ' that moment transported me . it was the first time a movie made me laugh that way ... . the film was brilliant and had such heart and the biggest thing for me was that it had such hope . ' shooting in abu dhabi was an incredible thing . shooting star wars is a western and a fairy tale ... shooting in abu dhabi was just that , ' he added . they were generous with their photos : jj is seen here giving direction to daisy who was atop a platform . everyone loves a good creature : the audience cheered when jj flashed this image where he is working with chewbacca on set . he is still rolling along : abrams ( left ) and kennedy ( right ) with the tech guys who make r2d2 work . a lot of work goes into making a good droid : one of the ' tinkerers ' that had a hand in making the units for the december movie . walking tall : also shared was a full-length shot of oscar in his flight gear that included the standard orange suit . committed to his move : abrams explained he liked shooting episode vii in abu dhabi , which subs not for tatooine but rather another new planet . this robot already has a fan base : bb-8 appeared in the first trailer in november and was an instant hit . a very good pilot : isaac , seen in his aircraft , said he is sent on a mission by a princess .  