raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe but is not the first premier league star to have been involved such controversy . here , sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field . raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . jack wilshere . three times the arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row . in 2013 he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later . and earlier this year he was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in london . in 2011 he was given a police warning after spitting on a taxi driver who refused to take him home because he was too drunk . arsenal midfielder jack wilshere was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in london . diego maradona . argentina’s world cup-winning captain was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for napoli . he was then sent home from the 1994 world cup after failing a drugs test for ephedrine and was banned for 15 months . in 2004 he suffered a major heart attack caused by years of alcohol and drug abuse . diego maradona celebrates scoring for argentina during 1994 world cup win over greece . saido berahino . the west brom striker was filmed inhaling ‘ hippy crack’ while behind the wheel of his range rover last year and later apologised for his actions , saying he did not realise the health risk of the legal high . but in january he was banned from driving for a year and fined £3,400 after admitting a drink-driving charge . paul merson . the arsenal playmaker didn’t have just one vice , he had three - drink , drugs and gambling . in 1994 he admitted to being an alcoholic and addicted to cocaine and spent three months in a rehabilitation centre . he later detailed his battle in his autobiography ‘ rock bottom’ . paul merson celebrates scoring in coca-cola cup final 1993 by pretending to drink beer . kyle walker . the spurs and england defender was forced to issue an apology through sportsmail when he was pictured inhaling ‘ hippy crack’ through a balloon during a night out in sheffield . walker was on international duty when the story broke in 2013 , and he said : ' i have now been made aware of the health risks associated with the practice and accept that my actions were of poor judgement . ’ p.s . if you thought those guys misbehaved , here’s robin friday… the former reading forward was the original bad boy and was better known for his drug-taking , drinking , womanising , fighting and smoking , despite being a talented player . he retired aged just 25 in 1977 and died 13 years later after suffering a heart attack . robin friday was the original ' bad boy ' and retired from football aged just 25 .