an aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death . leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in london’s west end . the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . scroll down for video . killing : leonie granger , left , has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of mehmet hassan , right . but after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings . police found damning mobile phone footage of granger and the men laughing and throwing around £50 notes . yesterday , granger wept as an old bailey jury cleared her of murder but found her guilty of the manslaughter of mr hassan . lure : granger , pictured with mr hassan in the casino , took advantage of him being a ' soft target ' . her boyfriend kyrron jackson and his friend nicholas chandler , both 28 , were convicted of murder , robbery , false imprisonment and firearms offences . the men were leading members of a gang who twice held up a south kensington casino at gunpoint weeks earlier . violence erupted in the dock within moments of the verdicts as chandler swore at the judge and sparked a scuffle . he was dragged out in handcuffs . granger cowered in the corner of the dock , shouting : ‘ are you mad ? ’ at a woman prison officer as she pulled shut the door to prevent anyone escaping . the tattooed killer was a care worker at a home in gillingham for elderly dementia patients . but the ‘ party girl’ toured west end nightspots every evening dressed in daring outfits with plunging necklines , stalking wealthy revellers . granger wept in the dock as she was found guilty of luring mr hassan to his death in march last year . haul : chandler is pictured throwing around £50 notes which he stole from mr hassan . granger was found guilty by a majority of 10 to two . she met mr hassan at palm beach casino , mayfair , in february last year and introduced herself as ‘rachel’ . they exchanged phone numbers and he asked her out , texting : ‘ maybe with your brains and my money we can make you into a great player . ’ the next month the pair met up for drinks and gambling . mr hassan won £2,000 and gave her £1,000 ‘ spending money’ . a taxi driver overheard granger talking on her mobile phone , reporting : ‘ this guy is a professional gambler . he has never worked a day in his life . ’ the next time the pair went to a casino , mr hassan told staff he was on a date and appeared tipsy on champagne . other employees remembered joking that the kissing couple should ‘ get a room’ . at midnight , they went back to mr hassan’s islington flat – where police believe granger helped jackson and chandler get inside before leaving . as she was driven home , another taxi driver heard her say : ‘don’t tell me the money’s not there . i saw it … look in the drawer … look under the cabinet . ’ facing jail : jackson , left , and chandler , right , have both been convicted of murder . gang : granger , left , helped kyrron jackson , centre , and nicholas chandler , right , rob and kill the gambler . the accomplices met up later that day and were filmed spraying a room with £50 notes , while jackson , wearing a gas mask , stuffed cash into his underwear . police found mr hassan lying in a pool of blood after his family had raised the alarm . his knees and ankles were bound and there was a shoe print on his cheek . investigators found he had suffered a ‘ vicious and sustained attack’ – probably as his killers demanded to know where he hid his money . honeytrap : granger , 25 , convinced the 56-year-old victim she wanted a relationship with him . ' couple ' : the pair are pictured together in the palm beach casino in central london before mr hassan 's death . they fled with £3,000 , his tv and mobile phone , but were caught after granger’s phone records were examined . speaking after the verdicts yesterday , mr hassan’s family said his murder will ‘ haunt them forever’ . his daughter stephanie hassan added : ‘ every day we miss him and we love him . ’ granger admitted being part of a honeytrap robbery plan . she was convicted of manslaughter and false imprisonment . jackson and chandler were convicted of murder , robbery and conspiracy to falsely imprison – as well as two other casino robberies . all three will be sentenced on april 28 . entrance : granger and mr hassan going in to the palm beach casino together .