a liberal democrat parliamentary candidate is bidding to become britain 's first transgender mp . zoe o'connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers sarah brown and sylvia knight . the 37-year-old , who used to be a man , is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex , and is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign . three way : candidate zoe o'connell ( left ) used to be man , sarah brown ( centre ) used to be a man married to sylvia knight ( right ) . they now all live together in a three-bedroom home in cambridge . her two lovers , ms brown , 41 , and ms knight , 39 , were once a straight married couple – when ms brown was a man . the two are now in a civil partnership . miss o'connell told the mirror : ' we 're content together…that is what matters to us . i 'm running for office to change things . twenty years ago this would never have happened . ' i 'm standing up because i do n't think anyone should be treated differently because of gender or sexuality or the way they choose to live…we live together . we 're in a relationship and we 're not ashamed of that . ' when the former it worker and father of three was a man , he split from his wife in 2005 . doubts about sexuality that he had as a child re-emerged and he realised he was a woman trapped in a man 's body . miss o'connell met transsexual ms brown , a former computer technician , online later that year and struck up a friendship . after marrying when she was a man , ms brown 's sex change had forced her to divorce ms knight – because the law then prevented marriage between two women . but the couple were still in a relationship and living together . ms brown eventually told ms knight about miss o'connell – and was amazed when her partner welcomed the idea of a three-way relationship . the women have lived in a three-bedroom home in cambridge for the past seven years . the 37-year-old , who used to be a man , is standing for the liberal democrats in maldon , essex . miss o'connell was a bridesmaid when ms knight and ms brown took their vows for a second time in a civil partnership six years ago . the lib dem candidate said : ' it just works . there 's more often someone there to be supportive . if one person 's off doing something else then the other partner is still there…you can just keep each other company . it 's given me strength since i underwent my transition . ' she says her relationship with her children – an 11-year-old boy and two girls , 13 and 14 – is ' no different ' to what it would be if she was still a divorced father . she spends weekends with them , but they call her ' zoe ' instead of ' dad ' . ' the kids were three , four and five when we separated , ' she said , adding : ' over the course of about four to six months i was spending more and more time in girl mode … they kind of gradually got used to it . ' there was n't much in the way of verbal explanation . since then i think they 've just absorbed information via osmosis … it 's normal for them . ' miss o'connell met ms brown on an online forum . ms brown said : ' it took some time before we realised we had feelings for each other . ' zoe was married at the time and going through a divorce … and we were only friends . but we were going through the same thing , speaking to the same people and comparing experiences . we were giving each other mutual support … and we were each there when the other went through surgery . ' miss o'connell is standing in one of the tories ' safest seats , held by john whittingdale – vice chairman of the conservative backbenchers ' 1922 committee – who had a 19,000 majority in the 2010 election . 