ousamn jatta , 45 , ( right ) took wife beryl , 88 , ( centre ) to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him . an african husband who took his elderly british wife to a care home for respite while he went to gambia is threatening to go on hunger strike after she was not allowed to return to him . ousman jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 . mr jatta , who is his wife 's carer , had taken her to a care home in february while he returned to africa for three weeks . but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him . mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband . ' they have used their power against me to keep my wife in a nursing home against her and my wishes , ' said the supermarket security worker . ' i care for her better than anyone and i feel very sad . ' every time i go to the gambia i contact social services for respite , but they never told me they were going to keep my wife . ' to me beryl is not old , she is a human being and no matter if she is old or young she is my wife . ' i would never neglect beryl . i love beryl . i 'm feeling bad to see her in a nursing home whilst i am ready to look after my own wife . ' as soon as i came to this country i 'm looking after her and nothing has happened to her . ' i do n't say that the nursing home is bad but to me the belief i have is that you take a person to a home if that person has no-one to look after her but as far as beryl is concerned , i am ready to look after her until god finalises . ' retired shop worker mrs jatta moved to the gambia more than 17 years ago and met mr jatta when he helped translate for her in a local shop . the pair became firm friends and dated for four years before they got married in 2002 . but they were forced to come back to the uk when mrs jatta fell ill and doctors advised the mother-of-two that she would get better treatment at her home in bristol . mr jatta became her primary carer along with local authority carers who visit during the day while he is at work . mr jatta featured in promotional material for bristol city council but is now at odds with the local authority over the way he feels he and his wife have been treated . he booked her in for respite care at avon lodge care centre in bristol while he went on a break to the gambia on february 5 , telling him he would be back in three weeks . but when he called on february 27 to say he would pick her up the next day , he was told he could n't collect her and had to telephone social workers for more information . ' i asked why and they said `` contact social services '' , ' he said . ' it was a weekend so i called social services on monday morning and the only thing they told me was they thought i was tired and this and that and that i had left her . mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband . ' i have said in the past that i am tired and that some time in the future i might need to leave her , but i have never abandoned beryl . ' i have access to her when i go to the nursing home to see beryl but as far as i 'm concerned it 's not the best place for her to be . ' i promised to myself and to god i shall never let her down . beryl is my first priority . ' i am used to beryl - we are used to each other . ' when i finish work at 10 o'clock she will not go to bed and tells her carers she is waiting for her husband . ' a legal expert who specialises in health and welfare said social workers do not have the power to keep someone against their will . ' they do n't have that over-riding say , ' said fiona mcghie from irwin mitchell . ' they can form a view and put forward a view of what they think might be in someone 's best interested , which may or may not be the same as the family members . ' but ultimately there there 's a dispute it needs to go to the court of protection , as nobody has got that tight to make a decision either way . ' it does n't matter how well motivated these decisions or those views are , the rule is for the court to make that final decision . ' the authority says it has now agreed an ' appropriate care plan ' , and are understood to be in discussion with mr jatta over the future of his wife 's care - but she is currently still in a home . mr jatta is confident the council will relent and allow his wife to leave , but is angry at the how he and his wife have been treated . a spokesman for bristol city council said : ' we have been in regular contact with mr jatta over a period of time regarding his wife 's care and are pleased to have agreed an appropriate care plan with him which puts the best interests of mrs jatta first . '