surveys find that men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs , and they fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units , according to interviews and documents obtained by the associated press . studies that surveyed personnel found ' major misconceptions ' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs . they also revealed concerns that department leaders would ' capitulate to political pressure , allowing erosion of training standards , ' according to one document . up to the mark ? surveys find that men in u.s. special operations forces do not think women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . second best : male special op combat troops fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units . some of those concerns were not limited to men , researchers found , but also were found among women in special operations jobs . dan bland , force management director for u.s. special operations command , told the ap that the survey results have ' already driven us to do some different things in terms of educating the force . ' about 68,800 people serve in the command , including 3,000 civilians . the main survey went to about 18,000 people who are in positions closed to women , and the response was about 50 percent . the high response rate , officials said , reflects the wide interest in the subject . the studies are part of the pentagon 's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed . one survey , by rand corp. , reflected doubts that women could meet the overall job demands , found concerns that sexual harassment or assault could increase , and cited worries about ' unequal treatment ' of special operations candidates and personnel . some worried that if women were let in to some jobs , they might be treated more harshly . survey details have not been released . this was the first time that officials from special operations command publicly discussed the results . changing times : in the past the military acknowledged that women will not be able to fill every combat role . andy hamilton , who works with bland and has expertise on this issue , noted that women in special operations jobs had concerns , too , about the broader integration . ' they 're concerned that this might result in the lowering of the standards in what are currently our male-only occupations , and that would then reflect on either them or on the women who come into those occupations , ' said hamilton . pentagon leaders lifted the ban on women in combat jobs in 2012 , but gave the military services time to integrate women gradually and systematically into the male-only front-line positions . by january 2016 , the military must open all combat jobs to women or explain why any exceptions must be made . positions within the special operations forces , including the clandestine navy seal and army delta units , are considered the most grueling and difficult jobs in the military , with training and qualifying courses that push troops to their physical , mental and emotional limits . the commandos often work in small teams in harsh , remote locations . as a result , those jobs are some of the last to be addressed as commanders review the qualifications needed and assess the impact of bringing in women . as integration unfolds , the surveys have brought home the reality that there are ' some reservations or misperceptions in the force in terms of why we 're doing this , ' bland said . defense officials have stressed that they will not reduce standards in order to let in women . women have so far had mixed results as they try to move into the more demanding combat positions — jobs for which men also have difficulty qualifying . new opportunities : in 2013 the defense department rescinded its 1994 policy restricting women from serving in combat-focused positions such as infantry units , opening up 230,000 positions to female service members . so far , about 7,200 positions within the special operations forces have been opened to women , including combat jobs in the 160th special operations aviation regiment , a specialized unit used to fly forces fast , low and deep behind enemy lines at night . for the first time , a woman last year made it through training and began serving as a pilot in the unit . three female pilots , 25 women in other jobs , and 16 other women are now going through initial training for these helicopter crews , known as night stalkers . most female soldiers do not want combat jobs , an earlier survey found . but among those who do , the night stalkers were a popular choice . women have moved into army artillery jobs and serve on navy submarines and in the naval riverine units . but none has made it through the marine corps ' officer infantry course . special operations command leaders have made it clear that genuine concerns exist about incorporating women into some jobs . examinations : the studies are part of the pentagon 's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed . in 2013 , when the planning was in its infancy , then-maj. gen. bennet sacolick spoke of demanding nature of missions requiring forces ' to operate in small , self-contained teams , many of which are in austere , geographically isolated , politically sensitive environments for extended periods of time . ' in an email last month to members of the special operations forces across the services , gen. joseph votel , head of u.s. special operations command , said leaders had done initial analysis on training , facilities , education and other policies . now , officials are examining ' the social and cultural challenges of integrating females ' into male-only jobs . next , votel said , officials will analyze requirements for the jobs to make sure standards are accurate and gender neutral . ' we will continue in our commitment to provide the best manned , trained , and equipped special operations personnel to execute our nation 's most difficult and sensitive missions , ' votel said . ' with that in mind , we can assure you that our high standards will not be lowered . ' bland said that in addition to votel 's email to service members , leaders have discussed the issue with commanders at frequent meetings so they can better educate their troops .