millwall left ewood park down , almost out , and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation from the championship . one source of salvation could yet come in the form of a three-point deduction for rotherham when a football league disciplinary commission rules on whether they fielded an ineligible player against brighton on easter monday . but even that might not be enough . the result leaves neil harris’s side four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham with two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves . rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference . rudy gestede ( centre ) scores the opening goal for blackburn as he fires past the helpless david forde . goals certainly make a difference and , in rudy gestede and jordan rhodes , blackburn have two players that millwall simply do not . gestede , scorer of a hat-trick against nottingham forest here on saturday , took his tally for the season to 20 in the 78th minute , despatching a clinical right-foot shot into the top corner after craig conway’s cross found its way to him on the edge of the six-yard box . rhodes is just behind on 19 goals after coming on as a substitute to make sure of victory , steering his shot past a stranded david forde in the third minute of added time after the keeper had gone forward in the search for an equaliser . the big striker bagged goal number 20 for the season as he continues his excellent form for rovers . blackburn ( 4-4-2 ) : steele 7 ; marshall 5.5 , spurr 6 , kilgallon 6.5 ( lenihan 37 , 6.5 ) , olsson 6 ; conway 8 , spearing 6 , evans 6.5 , taylor 6 ( cairney 71 , 7 ) ; brown 6 ( rhodes 71 , 7 ) , gestede 6.5 . subs : eastwood , henley , williamson , o’sullivan . scorers : gestede 78 , rhodes 90+3 . millwall ( 4-2-3-1 ) : forde 6 ; dunne 6.5 , nelson 5.5 , beevers 6 , harding 5 ( taylor-fletcher 83 ) ; bailey 5.5 , abdou 5 ; gueye 5 ( cowan-hall 61 , 5.5 ) , o’brien 6.5 , woolford 6 ; fuller 6.5 ( gregory 61 , 6 ) . subs : archer , hooiveld , martin , powell . booked : cowan-hall . referee : nigel miller . star man : craig conway . in contrast , millwall’s two leading scorers — ricardo fuller and lee gregory — have just six apiece . the failings in front of goal were all too apparent on tuesday night . ‘ their two goalscorers have scored more than my whole squad , ’ lamented harris . ‘it’s clear to see why they won 2-0 . ‘ the team were excellent but we didn’t take our chances . before tonight we had to win two games to stay in the division . we need six or seven points so my thoughts still haven’t changed . ’ millwall’s best chance fell to substitute paris cowan-hall in the 68th minute . he was clean through on goal after blackburn were caught out by alan dunne’s long ball forward , but goalkeeper jason steele rushed off his line to block . rovers , who lost captain matt kilgallon to injury in the first half and had to play debutant darragh lenihan in central defence , had their fair share of chances , but it needed a touch of class to make the difference . gestede and rhodes provided it for blackburn . jordan rhodes slots home the second in injury time to make millwall 's survival aspirations look impossible . rhodes celebrated being named in the football league team of the decade with the second goal . neil harris ' side look almost condemned to relegation from the championship with two games to still to play . manager gary bowyer is realistic enough to know that they might not both be at ewood next season . ‘ i understand the business we’re in , ’ he said . ‘ liverpool sold luis suarez and no doubt there will be people leaving bigger clubs than blackburn rovers in the summer . but you’ve seen with jordan and rudy this season , if the owners’ valuation is not met , then we won’t sell them . ’ magaye gueye ( left ) and jay spearing compete for the ball during blackburn 's win at ewood park . 