he rarely ever publicly criticizes his successor , barack obama . but on saturday night , george w. bush apparently lashed out at the president 's foreign policy . speaking at a closed-door meeting with jewish donors in las vegas , the 68-year-old former leader suggested that obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early . he noted that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on tehran anytime soon . and he said that the comprehensive nuclear deal - which is currently being negotiated by six global powers , including the us - would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future . scroll down for video . rare remarks : speaking at a meeting with jewish donors in las vegas , george w bush ( pictured ) suggested that president barack obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early . ' you think the middle east is chaotic now ? imagine what it looks like for our grandchildren . that’s how americans should view the deal , ' bush told donors at the republican jewish coalition session . bush 's concerns are in stark contrast to obama 's belief that although the contents of the agreement - which were announced at the start of april - ' may not be optimal , ' they are america 's ' best bet ' . in an interview with the new york times , obama remarked : ' this is our best bet by far to make sure iran doesn’t get a nuclear weapon . ' but he noted the deal could see ' real political difficulties ' . bush 's administration initially began the diplomatic effort to confront the iranian regime about its nuclear program . he also made attempts early in his administration to negotiate with north korea . during his comments on saturday , transcribed by an attendee at the event at the venetian hotel and obtained by bloomberg , the former president told donors that he would not criticize obama . he congratulated his successor on his ambition to degrade and destroy the islamic state , which has taken over large swathes of iraq and syria and beheaded us journalists on video last year . leaders : bush , who rarely ever publicly criticizes obama , noted that the iranian government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in . above , bush , left , greets obama in selma , alabama , in march . terror group : bush initially congratulated his successor on his aim to degrade and destroy the islamic state . but he went on to imply that obama has failed to keep his promises and is losing the war against the group . but he then went on to suggest that obama had failed to follow through on his promises , saying that one of the key issues was that the democrat did not develop a military strategy to defeat the terror group . ' in order to be an effective president ... when you say something you have to mean it , ' he said , according to bloomberg , implying that obama is losing the war against isis . ' you got ta kill em . ' bush even reportedly touted his own success in capturing islamic terrorist khalid sheikh mohammed , who murdered wall street journal reporter daniel pearl and countless others . in relation to obama 's decision to withdraw all american troops from iraq in 2011 , bush cited senator lindsey graham , of south carolina , who has publicly criticized the president 's foreign policy . he quoted him as saying : ' pulling out of iraq was a strategic blunder , ' according to thenew york times , which collected accounts of bush 's comments from around 12 people at the session . a dangerous last name ? bush apparently remarked that his brother , presidential candidate jeb bush ( above ) could encounter struggles in his campaign due to his last name because americans do not like dynasties . bush 's comments followed an interview with cbs news last november in which he suggested that the draw down of troops in the war-torn country had allowed isis to flourish and recruit more militants . speaking to news station in a two-part interview , the politician said he thought it was ' the right decision ' to take military action in 2003 in a bid to oust saddam hussein . but he added : ' my regret is that…a violent group of people have risen up again…this is `` al-qaeda plus '' …they need to be defeated . and i hope we do…i hope the strategy works . ' during saturday 's question-and-answer session , bush also told anecdotes about his old friend , russian president vladimir putin , whom he said had once told him that his dog was ' bigger , stronger and faster ' than bush 's own . bush considered the comparison to show putin did not think in 'win-win ' terms , he said . he also apparently remarked that his brother , presidential candidate jeb bush , could encounter struggles in his campaign due to his last name because americans do not like dynasties . and he called hillary rodham clinton ' formidable ' , but beatable , the times reported . the session was attended by republican donor sheldon adelson , who owns the venetian hotel . it comes as u.s. secretary of state john kerry is due to meet with iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif in new york on monday , according to a senior state department official . kerry , who will be participating in a nuclear non-proliferation conference that opens at the united nations on monday , will also apparently meet with jordanian foreign minister nasser judeh . and he will spend time with egyptian foreign minister sameh shoukry , the official said . 