a photo editor for a baltimore newspaper says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of freddie gray . j.m . giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ' swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly . a video posted to the newspaper 's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking giordano as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams , ' he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! ' scroll down for video . injured on the job : a photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore , maryland . shoved to the ground : giordano says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough . pictured above in a photo posted to facebook . the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield . giordano and a protester were standing next to each other when the police line suddenly marched forward and the two men did n't move out of the way quickly enough , each being knocked to the ground . about five or six police officers hit giordano and the other protester with their shields , the photographer said . ' they just swarmed over me , ' he said , according to city paper . ' i got hit . my head hit the ground . they were hitting me , then someone pulled me out . ' ' i kept shooting it . as soon as i got up i started taking pictures . ' after the incident , the protester who was standing next to giordano was arrested - even though the photographer was sure that he was n't responsible for throwing a projectile at police , which sparked the charge by officers . that protester was just one of nearly 35 arrested in the protests saturday night and sunday morning . the march turned violent later in the evening , when groups of rogue protesters started vandalizing local businesses and smashing cars . giordano believes he was let go because police knew he was a member of the press , but says they tried to block him from continuing to photograph the event . hitting a journalist : in the video , the city paper managing editor can be heard yelling ' he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! ' to no avail . released : the protester who was knocked down to the ground with giordano was arrested . giordano believes he was left alone because police knew he was a member of the media . blocking : however , giordano says police continued to try to block him from photographing the protest after the incident . minor : giordano says he sustained minor injuries to his arm . however , he says that they will not keep him out of work . on the ground : above , a photo giordano took saturday night after being pushed to the ground by police . however , giordano says another photographer working at the protest was arrested - sait serkan gurbuz with reuters who was later released and cited for disorderly conduct . police did not immediately comment on the incident involving giordano or gurbuz 's arrest . giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the gray protests . in addition to his work at city paper , giordano has had his photos published by i-d magazine , the baltimore sun , and al-jazeera america . baltimore has been in a state of unrest ever since april 19 , when a local man named freddie gray died from injuries allegedly sustained while in police custody . the protests on saturday night were in his honor . on sunday , friends and family gathered to remember gray at his wake . the next generation : before the protests escalated on saturday , fellow photographer matt roth took this touching photo of giordano teaching some local kids how to use his professional camera .