keith cameron , pictured , was jailed for five years for scamming his dying friend and neighbour out of his life savings . a conman has been jailed for fleecing a dying architect out of his life savings and using the money to fund his lavish lifestyle . keith cameron splashed out on a new york flat for his daughter and enjoyed a string of extravagant holidays while his victim 's family have been left facing the prospect of selling their home . the 54-year-old scammed his trusting friend and terminally ill neighbour , jonathan speirs , out of £476,864 in a complicated ruse . he promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years , but it was all an elaborate lie . cameron was today jailed for five years at edinburgh sheriff court . but jonathan 's wife , elizabeth , 58 , said : ' my daughters and i will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives . ' cameron stole the family 's money and spent it on his extravagant lifestyle and a new york flat for his own daughter , who attended the american academy of drama and the arts . meanwhile , jonathan 's youngest daughter faces missing out on a place at her dream university in new york . cameron persuaded terminally ill jonathan - his close friend and neighbour for 13 years - to part with thousands of pounds by claiming his telecoms start-up required money to win a valuable contract . he repeatedly claimed the company was trading well and that jonathan could expect a return on his investment of around £2 million within two years . cameron , from edinburgh , instead used his friend 's cash to maintain a excessive lifestyle of posh restaurants and fancy holidays . jonathan died of stomach cancer in 2012 . his widow , elizabeth , from edinburgh , said cameron 's heartless scheme had stopped her daughter , erin , 17 , from following her dreams . she said : ' keith cameron deserved a lengthy prison sentence . i am glad the sheriff chose to impose the maximum sentence on the fraud charge . ' however , no length of prison term will ever compensate for the dreadful crime he committed . ' my daughters and i will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives . ' if keith cameron had n't defrauded us , erin could have followed her dreams . but we have to live with knowing that our money was spent on allowing cameron 's daughter to study in new york while my daughter ca n't . ' despite having the academic qualifications and the ability to gain a place on this course , we 'll probably have to turn it down because we ca n't afford the fees . victims : jonathan speirs , a world-famous lighting architect , pictured with his wife elizabeth , was persuaded to part with a total of £476,864 . ' this is so unfair and it 's breaking my heart that i ca n't give her the education she has worked so hard for . ' i am struggling to come to terms with the depths of keith cameron 's depravity now that i know the full details of how he deceived a dying man . ' elizabeth , a supply teacher , also revealed that cameron had texted her asking to see her husband just days before he passed away in june 2012 . mr speirs died of stomach cancer in 2012 after investing in his friends scam . the text read : ' tell him i do n't care what he looks like , he 's a dear friend and that 's all that matters . ' elizabeth said the family now faced being forced to sell off her home in edinburgh where she had lived with her husband for 24 years . she said : ' it 's still hard to believe that someone who , supposedly , was our friend could behave in such a cold-hearted fashion pretending to care about my husband and pretending to show grief at his funeral , whilst all the time he was knowingly spending our money on luxuries for his family - money we 'd worked hard for . ' it fills me with horror to think that anyone could be so cruel and heartless towards a good , kind man but especially towards a man who was facing death . ' a lengthy prison sentence is totally justified . ' police scotland detective inspector arron clinkscales added : ' keith cameron used his expertise and relationship to make his victim believe that this was a legitimate investment . ' to ensure that others do not fall foul of similar fraudulent activities i would urge the public to fully research any investment they are seeking to make . ' when considering making an investment , consider seeking financial and legal advice to ensure protection against fraudulent investments . ' if in any doubt , do not go ahead , and remember if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . ' mrs speirs said she now faces selling off the home in edinburgh she shared with her husband for 24 years . pictured : jonathan speirs with erin , elizabeth and lucie . 