a british man has been arrested in turkey after an operation against a far-left militant group that left a prosecutor dead . the british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , according to reports . members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out . scroll down for video . sick : members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out . murderers : a handout photo provided by the istanbul head prosecutor shows two hostage takers seconds after they entered the istanbul court house where mehmet selim kiraz was later killed . a foreign office spokeswoman said this morning : ' i can confirm that a british national has been arrested in turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' the dhkp-c is listed as a terrorist organisation by the us , eu and turkey . two members of the dhkp-c and the prosecutor they held hostage inside a courthouse in istanbul died after the shootout . police had negotiated with the gunmen for six hours before the violent end to the hostage situation , according to istanbul police chief selami altinok . pictures emerged of the hostage takers holding a gun to the prosecutor 's head during the siege . sadness : thousands of people attended last wednesday 's funeral ceremony for turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz inside the main courthouse where he died the previous day . grief : mehmet selim kiraz was shot in the head during the stand-off and rushed to hospital where doctors tried in vain to save his life . pictured is his funeral the following day . police had negotiated with the gunmen for six hours before the violent end to the hostage situation . pictured are the thousands of people who turned out for mehmet selim kiraz 's funeral . turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of kiraz held during the armed siege last week . before imposing the blocks on the websites , turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . the newspapers were accused by the government of ' spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . the prosecutor , identified by state television as kiraz , was shot in the head during the stand-off and rushed to hospital where doctors tried to save his life . turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu and hospital officials later announced he had died . private news agency dogan reported police special forces had entered the building , which was evacuated . it was not clear how the assailants managed to get arms into the courthouse . mr kiraz was the prosecutor investigating the death of a teenager who was hit by a police gas canister fired during nationwide anti-government protests in 2013 . the dhkp-c , which seeks a socialist state , has carried out sporadic attacks , including a suicide bombing on the us embassy in 2013 that killed a security guard . the group was more active in the 1970s . another attack : just one day after the death of kiraz , a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack istanbul 's police headquarters . police hq : television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central aksaray neighbourhood . armed : the woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and a pistol . local media said a man was also held . just one day after the death of kiraz , a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack istanbul 's police headquarters . a picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central aksaray neighbourhood . ' the istanbul police headquarters on vatan street was targeted by rifle fire and a female terrorist was killed in the clash , ' the istanbul governor 's office said in a statement at the time . the woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . local media said a man had also been detained . on the same day police separately detained a gunman who entered an istanbul branch of the ruling ak party and hung from its window a turkish flag with the emblem of a sword added . it was not immediately clear whether any of the attacks were linked , but prime minister davutoglu warned of the risk of ' provocations ' and attempts to cause chaos ahead of june 's national election .