west ham striker carlton cole says he ca n't approach sam allardyce about a new contract - because the manager does n't know whether he 's even staying at upton park . cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and it is unclear whether he 'll stay at the club beyond the summer . but cole admits he 's in no position to ask his boss about an extension with allardyce 's future also in limbo . carlton cole attended a football fighting ebola event with nathaniel clyne on sunday . cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and is unsure if he will be offered a new deal . like cole , the manager 's contract expires in the summer and it is looking increasingly likely he 'll leave west ham . and the 31-year-old striker said : ' i 've not spoken to the manager about a new contract , i don’t think sam knows what he is doing . he is n't going to be talking about my contract . ' cole , who came close to joining west brom in january before allardyce pulled the plug on the deal 20 minutes before the deadline after his attempts to sign emmanuel adebayor failed , admits he is making contingency plans in case his hammers career comes to an end this summer . ' i have been at west ham for 10 years , i’m trying to build a case to get a testimonial out of them but i don’t think it’s the right thing to be talking about right now , ' said cole . ' i am trying my best to make myself a presence in the team , which has been hard for me this year . cole has found first team opportunities limited in the second half of the season . ' we did go on a good run , but i felt in the last 12-13 games i could have played a bigger part , but the manager chose to go with someone else , so whenever i do get my chance i do do my best . ' i was obviously on the brink of going to west brom but that didn’t work out - hopefully something else works out in the future . ' i have got a few things lined up , just in case . i have been playing in the premier league for 10 years so i have a lot to offer a team who wants to take me or if i stay at west ham i have a lot to offer them . ' on the collapse of his move to the hawthorns , cole , speaking at the football fighting ebola fundraising event , added : ' i had a chance to play first team football and as a player i was not playing regularly at west ham , i 'm still not . ' sam chose not to let me go . it was really hard at the time and we had a few words but these things carry on and you dust yourself off and carry on . i do like sam a lot . he is an honest guy . cole has not spoken to sam allardyce about his future because the west ham boss does not know if he will be there next season . ' he told me how it was and said : `` i can’t let you go as i have not got a replacement for you '' . i said : `` okay i will come back and try my best for you '' . ' it was 20 minutes to the deadline ; i was on the table with a pen in my hand saying : `` where do i sign ? `` . ' it was one of those that was really frustrating . i am f-ing and blinding in the catering room over there . ' sam said he needed me , but i don’t think he has . i think i have played 120 minutes since . that is football . sometimes you don’t get what you want . i didn’ t get what i wanted . ' but i can’t be bothered complaining . what has happened has happened and what am i going to complain for ? i have to do the right by me now and my family to try and get another deal . ' i am not going to be sitting there complaining about what happened last week . it is not going to help . ' to donate to # footballfightingebola visit : virginmoneygiving.com/footballfightingebola or text ‘stopebola’ to 70030 which automatically gives £10 .