another day , another baton change , another away defeat for middlesbrough . aitor karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from watford were it not for the probability they’d spend most of the journey travelling in circles . this was that kind of game , a top-of-the-table occasion when middlesbrough needed to deliver but ultimately failed on every scale – they did not create , they did not contain . they might have survived with deficiencies in one department , but not both . what a cruel time to deliver one of their worst performances of a brilliant season . what a cruel time for the championship’s best defence to explode at the seams . odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes . watford ( 3-5-2 ) : gomes ; cathcart ( connolly 60 ) , angella , hoban ; paredes , guedioura ( layun 90 ) , watson , tozser , anya ; deeney , ighalo ( vydra 69 ) . subs not used : bond , pudil , munari , abdi . booked : guedioura , layun . goals : deeney 37 , ighalo 65 . middlesbrough ( 4-2-3-1 ) : konstantopoulos ; tiendalli ( kalas 63 ) , woodgate , amorebieta , friend ; leadbitter , clayton ( forshaw 84 ) ; adomah , tomlin ( kike 62 ) , reach ; bamford . subs not used : ripley , gibson , whitehead , vossen . booked : reach . referee : mike jones ( cheshire ) . attendance : 19,656 . they gifted troy deeney his 20th goal of the season and they contributed significantly to odion ighalo scoring his 19th in the second half . with that , watford rose and middlesbrough fell . that has been the way of this remarkable season in this peculiar division , for which everyone and no-one has staked a claim . the championship lead which boro held at the start of play has now changed hands 16 times , with watford back in prominence and karanka sounding like a man searching for a positive note . karanka said : ‘ the players are completely destroyed but i am very proud of them . we have players who have come from league one and other teams in the championship , a lot of young players , and we are fighting with the best teams in the championship . no one could have expected this position . ‘ the people who know me and this team know we will fight to the last second . i don’t want to forget our position is amazing . ’ true enough , but the reality is boro have a chance to turn a good season into multi-million pound jackpot . they were woeful in falling at bournemouth last month and have now lost four of their past five away games . jonathan woodgate slides in vain to try and block troy deeney 's opening goal . the watford captain managed to slide the ball under boro keeper dimi konstantopoulos . deeney celebrates with his team-mates after giving watford a first-half lead . but their misery has been watford’s gain . what a luxury to have two strikers as effective as deeney and ighalo . they were , as karanka said , ‘ the difference’ . and in the context of the season , their combined 39 goals are pulling the sleigh . here , they had help . in the first instance , for deeney’s 37th-minute opener , jonathan woodgate and dwight tiendalli made a hash of the basics . adlene guedioura was given too much time to cross from the right and woodgate misread the flight , allowing the ball to fall in the space behind him . tiendalli could have covered but was out of position . at this level , in that situation , there can be fewer worse sights for a pair of defenders than deeney . his touch was perfect and so was the finish - ruthless brilliance from a striker who has now scored 20 goals in each of his past three campaigns . he is the only watford player in history to do that ; he more than most deserves a chance to see what he can do at the higher level . ‘he’s a premier league player , ’ said watford manager slavisa jokanovic . ‘it’s just a question of whether we are all together as a premier league team . ’ watford made it 2-0 with 25 minutes to go . again , the ease with which ighalo turned woodgate will have bothered karanka , as will grant leadbitter’s sloppy concession of the ball in the build-up . but , really , it was all about the finish , the striker’s shot hitting the top corner from the edge of the area . ighalo said he only joined watford for the prospect of premier league football . he might just get it . jokanovic said : ‘ i expect this victory can help us to win points a little bit more easily in the future . but in front of us is a very serious job . ’ watford goalkeeper heurelho gomes gets a boot to the face from middlesbrough forward patrick bamford . gomes points to the heavens after ighalo 's goal put watford 2-0 up and settled the game . 