tough stance : health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking . they look down on our food , our weather and even our language . now france has cocked a snooty nose at our drinking habits , too – and is blaming us for exporting them across the channel . french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink . it has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an 'anglo-saxon phenomenon ' and says it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent . but critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age . the latest figures reveal that almost half of french 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk – compared to 33 per cent ten years ago . the rise in binging is particularly high among young women , soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005 , to three times that number by 2015 . now france 's state health watchdog has claimed the sharp increase is due to french youths copying the english . francis bourdillon , head of the national institute of prevention and health education , said : ' this is an anglo-saxon phenomenon that 's starting to creep into the generation of the 15-24-year-olds . ' consumption of alcohol in france is particularly worrying among young people and especially among young women . ' besides the obvious health concerns , binge drinking can also lead to violence against women , sometimes fatal drunken accidents , and unprotected sex . ' bad influence : french officials claim binge drinking is an anglo-saxon phenomenon , pictured here on tv programme booze britain . sophisticated : french officials would prefer youngsters to move back to the more traditional pastimes such as a picnic lunch , after new figures revealed more youths are drinking solely to get drunk . the slur on the british comes in the same week that health minister marisol touraine presents her new health bill to the government , which includes reforms to crack down on france 's binge-drinking culture . ms touraine said : ' we have to put a stop to drunkenness that does such damage to young people . ' this trend is a risk to their own health , and as a result puts an extra strain on the health service . ' some may accuse the government of wanting to arrest people for having fun . but it is our job to encourage citizens to moderate their alcohol intake . ' her new law would impose fines of up to £12,000 for inciting someone under 18 to get drunk , and fines of £5,000 or six months in prison for inciting someone of any age to binge-drink . france 's language watchdog the academie francaise has banned the english expression 'binge-drinking ' from all government literature , ordering that the phrase ' beuverie express ' be used instead . 