the city of brotherly love may also be the city of second ( and third ) chances , as the philadelphia eagles officially signed quarterback tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday . tebow , 27 , has n't played a snap in the nfl in over two years since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner . scroll down for video . the philadelphia eagles officially signed 27-year-old quarterback tim tebow to a one-year deal on monday . tebow has n't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . originally a first-round draft choice of the denver broncos in 2010 , the 6-3 , 236-pound tebow worked out with the eagles last month and must have impressed philadelphia head coach chip kelly . philadelphia missed out on the playoffs despite compiling a 10-6 record and kelly has made a number of surprising roster moves this offseason . the eagles already have four other quarterbacks on their roster : sam bradford , mark sanchez , matt barkley and g.j . kinne . bradford and tebow faced each other in the 2009 bcs national championship game . tebow 's florida gators defeated bradford and the no . 1 ranked oklahoma sooners 21-14 . eagles wide receiver riley cooper went to florida and was tebow 's roommate in college . former patriot and convicted murderer aaron hernandez was also tebow's college teammate . fans can already purchase a nike tim tebow midnight green philadelphia eagles game jersey for $ 99.95 . he will wear no . 11 with the team . news of the deal leaked sunday , the same day tebow tweeted : ' be kind to one another , tender hearted , forgiving each other , just as god in christ also has forgiven you . ephesians 4:32 . ' tebow has thrown 173 completions , 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions in 35 games in the nfl . tebow has n't played in a regular season game since 2012 when he was with the new york jets . he worked as a television analyst last year with the sec network and espn . before signing his deal , tebow was working out with noted throwing coach tom house , according to the eagles . his accuracy and skill as a nfl-caliber passer has been questioned since he was drafted . tebow is still highly popular after leading florida to two national titles and spending two seasons with denver . he helped the broncos win an afc west title and won a playoff game before being dealt to the jets after the 2011 season when peyton manning arrived in denver . many fans follow tebow because of his strong christian beliefs . a native of jacksonville , florida , tebow has served as the chairman for the tim tebow foundation since its inception in 2010 .