imagine a future where humans are skiing on the surface of a distant moon and living in floating cities on venus - while earth lies in ruin . that’s the future envisioned by an artist in a fantastic series of ‘tourism’ posters , showcasing his dream for how we might one day explore the stars . and he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solar system - especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters . scroll down for video . artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars . others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth ( shown ) . the posters were created by artist and entrepreneur frank mckeever , 28 , from st augustine in florida and his colleague miranda . mr mckeever runs an art business called science hype with his wife nicole , where each of these posters can be bought . all the posters seen here are hand-drawn , and then taken into photoshop and illustrator to finish them off . mr mckeever told mailonline his inspiration for the posters came from his love of travel , retro-style designs and a love of space . ‘ to us , it 's reminiscent of ads that were displayed during the 60s , and seeing as that was the time of the space race , it just made sense to present space posters in that medium , ’ he said . perhaps the most striking image is the one of earth seemingly destroyed and uninhabitable . it’s a future that has left many experts to recently call for more effort to be made to protect earth from threats such as asteroids - and expand our presence into the solar system . ‘ the destroyed earth was big for me , ’ said mr mckeever . ‘ i began thinking about the possibility of being hit by an asteroid - especially with the fact that a huge one just flew awfully close to us a few days ago . ’ another poster shows humans living on the surface of mars in cities , which frank says he thinks is ‘ very possible’ . he added : ‘ i can see that happening in my lifetime . and i think it should . ' on mercury - the closest planet to the sun - is a large crater 960 miles ( 1,550km ) wide called the caloris basin , which mr mckeever thinks we might explore ( left ) . colonisation of mars in the form of a city , meanwhile , is something that may also be a possibility ( right ) . venus is known to have an earth-like band in its atmosphere about 30 miles ( 50km ) above the surface , where some have said it could be possible to place floating space colonies ( shown ) . neptune has 14 known moons , the largest of which is triton , which mr mckeever thinks we might colonise ( left ) . maybe one day we will also return to the moon ( right ) , with a destroyed earth in the background - while one of the apollo flags has been bleached white from radiation . owing to the orbits of earth and mars , there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . our planets come as close as 33.9 million miles ( 54.6 million km ) , but can be as distant as 250 million miles ( 400 million km ) . for this reason spacecraft to mars , such as the curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . the next window is open from january 2016 to april 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . for a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in another . just getting there will take up to nine months . the astronauts will then be there waiting for a year until they can come back , again taking up to nine months - a total of around three years . many have wondered whether it might be possible to colonise certain corners of the solar system before . venus , for example , is known to have an earth-like band in its atmosphere about 30 miles ( 50km ) above the surface , where some have said it could be possible to place floating space colonies . in fact , in 1985 the soviet union sent two balloons into the atmosphere of venus - vega 1 and 2 - to provide key evidence for this potentially habitable band . europa , meanwhile , has often been said to be a potential place to find life in the solar system - and mr mckeever has imagined we might live there one day , too . nasa is in the process of designing its unmanned europa clipper spacecraft , which would arrive at the moon of jupiter in the 2020s and fly through geysers erupting from its surface . using specialised instruments , it might be able to detect life in an underground ocean - if there is any there . the icy moon of miranda ( shown ) , meanwhile , is the smallest and innermost of the moons of uranus . the gas giant planet is seen in the distance here above the horizon of the moon . mr mckeever also imagines a future where we can tour the historic rings of saturn ( left ) , while europa - known for its ice surface with geysers of water erupting - may one day be ' your new home ' ( right ) . ‘ space exploration and essentially spreading our seed is so important , ' mr mckeever continued . ‘ earth does not have enough resources to last all of us forever . we’ve looked up at the stars for thousands and thousands of years , always wondering what they are . ‘ and now , while we do not yet have the ability to traverse the galaxy , we do have the ability to land on other terrestrial bodies such as the moon . ‘ and technology is getting to where we will be able to land a human on mars in just ten or twenty years . ‘ that to me is absolutely remarkable . if you would have told this to someone 100 years ago , they would have thought you were out of your mind . ’