she 's a household name and has graced australian tv screens throughout the early seventies and eighties , but it 's her appearance as a bubbly , upbeat housewife on the ajax spray'n'wipe advertisements that is perhaps paula duncan 's most famous role . however , despite the glossy , upbeat image portrayed on our screens , duncan , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her . ' i woke up and there was an ambulance and jess was waiting for me at home , ' duncan told studio 10 in a sobering interview . scroll down for video . revelation : actress paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10 . harrowing : the actress ' daughter jessica orcsik explained her memories of finding her mother and calling an ambulance . ' i said ‘ what happened ? ’ and she said , ‘ mum , the supermarket rang to say you’d collapsed in a foetal position in the park . ’ ' i had no idea when or how . i don’t know if i was losing brain cells or if the pain was that hard to endure i just didn’t even want to think or feel anymore , ' she told studio 10 . a few days later she began taking antidepressants , and it was during this time duncan reveals she attempted to take her own life , with daughter jessica finding her after a suicide attempt . distressing : orcsik ( pictured with her mother in 2002 ) being the one to discover her was the hardest part of duncan 's experience , the pair explained in the interview . behind the screen : the actress , best known these days as the bubbly face of spray'n'wipe , has revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression . ' my first instinct was to call 000 , roll her on her side , it was kind of crazy , ' said orcsik . ' i think for her knowing i found her like that , is probably the hardest thing . ' cop shop crew : paula duncan with former husband and co worker john orcsik . duncan , who suffered a marriage break down to fellow actor john orcsik , and then subsequently a second marriage breakdown to steve mason , the cycle of rejection were devastating blows in her life . john orcsik , a fellow actor from cop shop , was duncan 's first love . she admits that she felt so overpowered with love for him , so much so it took precedence over the love of her baby . this left her feeling like a bad mother , and was the start of a series of triggers she says lead to ' episode depression . ' episodic depression , according to duncan , meant she could feel low as a result of one specific episode , despite there being a lot of happy things still happening in her life . for duncan , these episodes included - feeling like a bad mother , suffering a marriage breakdown , her mother passing away and then her marriage to steve mason taking an unexpected turn for the worse . ' i was filming strange bedfellows and paul hogan and michael caton came up and said , `` i would n't read the sunday paper if i were you . '' ' they said `` your husband’s just admitted he’s found his true love . '' and i could n't work anymore , i went into a very , very dark place , ' she says . around this same period she attempted suicide , duncan received an ' order of australia ' award from the queen and was given a ' this is your life ' tribute , a somewhat cruel irony , that she could n't fathom celebrating during such a dark time in her life . her salvation came though by getting involved in charity work . from cop to cleaning queen : cop shop actress paula duncan is also famous for ajax spray'n'wipe ad . raising over nine million for paralympians and the special olympic program ( whom she still is a patron of now ) , duncan admits helping others has served more to her than she could ever give back to them . ' for anyone who is really down or depressed , the first thing you should do before anything else , is do something for someone else . if you do you will feel appreciated and you’ll find an element of self worthiness you’ll never have otherwise felt , ' she says . anyone who is suffering from depression or mental health issues should contact beyond blue on 1300 22 4636 ( australia ) , the national suicide prevention lifeline on 1800 273 8255 ( usa ) or the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 ( uk ) , or a local help group . value : duncan attributes her passion for charity work as her salvation and for finding self worth again . 