more than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more gcses with either an a or an a* grade between 2009 and 2013 , department for education statistics reveal . the number of teenagers getting straight as at gcse has soared by a third in just five years , new figures show . more than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an a or an a* grade , department for education statistics reveal . but critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy . the latest figures show that one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades . in 2009 , the number of students who managed to get straight as was 15,791 . this rose to 16,983 in 2010 , 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 . in 2013 , the latest year for which figures are available , 20,307 received as across the board . the figures suggest britain’s most able students are increasingly getting top marks in all subjects . gcse grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses , along with personal statements and references . however , as a greater proportion of pupils is classified as excellent , it is harder for top universities such as oxford and cambridge to identify truly exceptional youngsters . and while british results appear to be improving for some pupils , the country is slipping behind other nations when measured using international tests . results published just over a year ago showed british teenagers dropped out of the top 20 rankings in maths , science and reading for the first time . tests on more than half a million pupils worldwide found those in vietnam , shanghai and poland had a much better command of core subjects . children in the chinese city of shanghai were three years ahead of their british counterparts by 15 . overall , the uk came 26th out of 65 countries and economic regions in the report by the organisation for economic co-operation and development . christopher mcgovern , chairman of the campaign for real education , said : ‘ sadly , grade inflation has devalued gcses to such an extent that any pass below a b has become little more than a certificate of incompetence . critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy . gcse grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses ( file picture ) . ‘ international comparisons of educational attainment , very serious concerns expressed by employers and the fact that many universities now have to put on remedial catch-up courses for new undergraduates , all point to a disastrous dumbing down of standards . ’ the coalition tried to halt grade inflation by making qualifications more rigorous , but many reforms are still being implemented . a conservative party spokesman said : ‘ importantly , while overall results are up , the attainment gap between disadvantaged pupils and peers is closing . ’ meanwhile , it emerged yesterday that teenagers applying to university had their details wrongly passed to advertisers , the data protection watchdog ruled yesterday . the university admissions service ucas broke the law by signing youngsters up to receive adverts about mobile phones , energy drinks and other products . the practice earned ucas more than £12million in a year , but , the information commissioner’s office found it broke marketing rules and told it to change its procedures .