he shot to fame as everyone’s favourite nostril flaring lothario on made in chelsea . and now , andy jordan , who was named one of london’s best-dressed men by american gq , is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars ' footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer . following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries . made in chelsea star andy jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer and stars in a spring/summer beachy campaign for his clothing range , jam industries . to celebrate the launch of the new spring/summer collection , andy , an avid surfer , stars in a campaign shot on west wittering beach , the closest surf school to london . andy , who co-owns a surf school in devon , where he is an instructor , said : ' jam industries is a city surf brand , set up by two brothers longing to get out of town and into our wetsuits . ' andy has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear with his younger brother . andy , an avid surfer , shot a campaign on west wittering beach , the closest surf school to london . reality tv star andy also co-owns a surf school in devon , where he is an instructor . he continued : ' we understand that not everybody can live on the beach , but almost everybody wants to . our aim is to provide a lifestyle clothing brand inspiring people to get out of the city and get wet at the coast . ' we believe surfing is not just a sport , it 's a culture , and one which does n't have to be left behind when you leave the beach . there may not be surf in cities , but there are definitely surfers . ' andy , who famously dated co-star louise thompson , also has a career as a fledgling singer and regularly performs gigs around the country . the fashion designer , who sat front row at countless fashion shows this season , will be returning to our screens on made in chelsea next month when viewers will see the addition of five new cast members . andy says he believes surfing is not just a sport , it 's a culture - and that 's why he 's designed a range of men 's and women 's clothes for beachy city goers . andy will be returning to our screens on made in chelsea next month and viewers will see the addition of five new cast members . andy , pictured , left , on stage , and , right , at london fashion week , is also a talented musician .   