the yoga being taught in a san diego county school system is not a gateway to hinduism and does n't violate the religious rights of students or their parents , a california appeals court ruled friday . the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes . the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity . scroll down for video . students hold their positions during a yoga class at capri elementary school in encinitas , california , in 2012 . a california appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at capri do not violate students ' right to religious freedom . the court upheld the previous ruling in a 3-0 opinion . the district court wrote : ' while the practice of yoga may be religious in some contexts , yoga classes as taught in the district are , as the trial court determined , `` devoid of any religious , mystical , or spiritual trappings . '' ' we conclude that the program is secular in purpose , does not have the primary effect of advancing or inhibiting religion and does not excessively entangle the school district in religion . ' the district 's yoga program does not violate our state constitution . ' the first amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer . yoga instructor kristen mccloskey ( right ) leads third graders at olivenhain pioneer elementary school in 2012 . the sedlocks were disappointed with the ruling and are considering their options . attorney dean broyles said : ' no other court in the past 50 years has allowed public school officials to lead children in formal religious rituals like the hindu liturgy of praying to , bowing to , and worshipping the sun god . ' a school distort lawyer said there were no rituals occurring in the classroom and no one was worshipping the sun or leading hindu rites . the district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength , flexibility and balance . yoga is now taught at schools across the country , but the district is believed to be the first with full-time yoga teachers at all schools . a three-year grant from the k.p . jois foundation , a nonprofit group that promotes ashtanga yoga , provides twice-weekly , 30-minute classes to the district 's 5,600 students . about 30 families have opted out of the classes since they began in 2011 .