there was no special treatment for lewis ferguson at paul nicholls’ yard on thursday morning . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20pm at wincanton on wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online . but he was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal . ‘ it was just a blur , ’ he said , ‘ i couldn’t work out what had happened until i got back to the weighing room and watched the replay . all the other jockeys asked me if i was alright and stuff , they all watched with me and looked away in horror . it’s about the most impressive fall i’ve seen . jockey lewis ferguson , 18 , who survived a spectacular fall from merrion square shows off the cut on his nose . ferguson , whose double somersault horror fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls’ yard on thursday morning . ‘ there was nothing i could do to avoid it , you just have to let it take it’s course and hope it’s not a bad one . i’ve just got a cut on the nose so i’ve been very lucky . i got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it’s all good banter . it won’t stop me getting back on a course . there’s been no special treatment . ‘ my parents who live in the scottish borders were worried so i gave them a call so they knew i was ok. it’s not going to put me off riding at all i’d like to ride at the cheltenham festival and aintree every year , that’s the ultimate aim . bit disappointing because he was in front and maybe could have won . jockey ferguson hits the fence after his ride stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence at wincanton . colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault . wincanton clerk of the course barry johnson called it the worst fall he had ever seen . it was only ferguson’s fifth race and the first time he had fallen although he has fallen a few times riding out . ‘ hopefully the next time i’m on the front page of the newspaper it will be for winning the gold cup or the grand national . i gave the horse a little pat after , not a big one . given the somersaults , maybe i’ll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing . ’ merrion square was a hotly-tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at wincanton on wednesday until the fall . ferguson escaped the fall and the only real pain was the cut on his nose and the banter from his friends . 