winning a free trip would put a wide grin on most people’s faces , but one tourist couldn’t hide his ‘misery’ during a dream holiday to puerto rico . kevin blandford 's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet , with each one showing him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife . the 33-year-old , from louisville , kentucky , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife , bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . kevin blandford 's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur . after posting the photos he wrote that he won a free trip to puerto rico but his wife was unable to join him . kevin said ' a dedicated friend ' took the photos that show him looking miserable during his holiday . amusing photos show kevin looking sad while snorkelling next to a boat called ‘ spread eagle ii’ , playing a slot machine at a casino and sipping drinks in the sunshine . kevin said the idea came to him out of the blue after a friend who joined him on last week 's trip snapped a candid photo of him . kevin told mailonline travel : ' it kind of happened organically . i was sitting there with my friend , he took a picture of me and i looked miserable . ' we started talking about it and we thought it would be funny to say that i didn’t have any fun at all because bonnie couldn’t come with me . ' at the end of the trip he posted the photos on facebook and reddit , where they quickly became an online sensation . each photo shows kevin pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife . kevin wrote online that his wife could not accompany him because she stayed home to care for their child . in his post on reddit , kevin wrote : ‘ won a trip to puerto rico and couldn’t take my wife . didn’t have a single second of fun . ’ thinking the post would amuse family and friends , the photo album has been viewed more than two million times on imgur and attracted nearly 3,000 comments on reddit . many users wanted to know who was snapping photos of kevin if it was n't his wife who accompanied him on the trip . on reddit , he told commenters that the images – including snaps showing him looking glum in bed and under a waterfall in a swimming pool – were taken by ‘ a dedicated friend’ . in a comment added later , he explained why his wife did n't accompany him : ‘ i have a 6 month old , [ my wife ] didn’t want to be away from her for that long and taking her made things very complicated with the type of trip it was . ’ after posting the photos online kevin blandford wrote that he ' did n't have a single second of fun ' . amusing photos show kevin looking sad on the plane , in the sea and while sipping drinks in the sunshine . despite his expression in the photos , kevin said he had a good time on his getaway , and his wife had a good laugh when he showed her the pictures . he said : ‘ it was a fun trip . it was a work trip , though , so there were a lot of presentations and meetings . ’ he is shocked by the amount of attention he has received since he shared the photos with reddit users . since the photos were posted on monday he has been contacted by media from around the world , including an australian news network which asked him to do a live interview . kevin said : ‘it’s pretty surreal . i didn’t think that it was going to blow up like it did . ’ kevin said he has been shocked by the amount of attention he has received since he posted the photos . the photos have had nearly 3,000 comments on reddit , with many users wanting to know who took the photos . bonnie told mailonline travel that she didn’t ‘get’ the joke when kevin sent the first photo , and she assumed he was tired from travelling . she said : ‘ photos began pouring in and i thought , per usual , they were quite ridiculous and wondered what he and his “ dedicated friend” were up to this time . ‘ after a few , i clearly understood the joke and expected each new photo would be more hilarious . ’ and she knows he wasn’t miserable without her . ‘ i know he truly wanted me there , but was accompanied by the next best person and i know too well they enjoyed visiting very much . i did appreciate the joke and their efforts . ’ this photo , showing kevin playing diablo iii with his daughter , went viral after it was shared on reddit . this isn’t the first time one of kevin’s photos has gone viral . two months ago he shared a photo on reddit that shows him playing diablo iii , with his daughter , gwyneth paige , on his lap . the baby girl has a look of pure joy on her face as kevin obliterates characters in the video game .