a hawaiian fisherman is missing again , just a few months after surviving 12 days lost at sea . ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on thanksgiving . he eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of friday ingraham is missing again , in potentially even more danger than before . according to the u.s. coast guard , his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of hawaii 's lanai island . rescue the first : ron ingraham is pictured above in december being welcomed aboard a navy destroyer after 12 days stranded at sea . he is missing again . recovery : pictured above is the sailing boat ingraham had got lost in , which was towed back to shore by his rescuers . his sailing mate , kenny corder , was thrown into the water with him , and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive . corder , who was rescued and taken to hospital , said that he left ingraham with the ring to swim backed to the damaged ship and radio for help . by the time he returned , he said , there was no sign of ingraham - and coast guard officials are still looking for him . the coast guard notified ingraham 's son in missouri , zakary ingraham , said the son 's wife , katie jarrett . ' this is absolutely insane , ' she said . long-lost : pictured above in ingraham 's son , zakary . the two had n't spoken in more than 15 years when he went missing the first time . ingraham and his son had not spoken for years , but news of his improbably rescue in december brought the two back together . he was considered lost after a search triggered by a mayday message saying he was about to sink did not help authorities track him down . during a routine trip from molokai island , where he lives , to lanai , where he often fishes , a huge storm knocked out his engine and pummeled his boat with 20-foot waves . ' i lived off the moisture off the fish i caught , ' ingraham said . ' mentally , physically and spiritually , i got my butt kicked . ' eventually he got weak and assumed he would die - and friends had already planned his funeral . man and the sea : this file photo shows ingraham at sea years ago . his boat ran aground on rocks friday - his second major difficulty in less than six months . the coast guard launched a massive search and he was thought to be dead , until he was able to use a wire hanger to get a signal sent from his battered radio . that led to his rescue by crew members on the guided-missile destroyer uss paul hamilton . meanwhile , another man was also missing from a separate boat around hawaii after he reported thursday his vessel was flooding about 10 miles south of honolulu harbor . the coast guard searched overnight for the mariner who was aboard the vessel kolea and then suspended the search on friday afternoon .