manchester city playmaker david silva has returned to training , the club have reported . silva looked to have been seriously injured on sunday when he was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate . the spain international received around eight minutes of treatment on the field at the etihad stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination . manchester city playmaker david silva gives the thumbs up after returning to training on tuesday . but tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action . that could now be possible with silva pictured giving cameras a thumbs-up gesture as he returned to training on tuesday , although he will continue to be monitored this week . silva was injured after being caught in the face by an elbow from west ham's cheikhou kouyate ( right ) . the spain international feels the full force of kouyate 's elbow in an accidental challenge on sunday . the west ham midfielder has apologised to silva via his twitter acount . city face fa cup finalists aston villa in their next barclays premier league game on saturday evening . news of silva 's recovery is a boost for manager manuel pellegrini given the club 's already lengthy injury list . silva lies sprawled out on the ground after being struck down by kouyate 's challenge . medical staff and manchester city players crowd around the stricken midfielder . silva required eight minutes of treatment , which included wearing an oxygen mask . the 29-year-old was eventually taken to hospital where tests revealed that he had not suffered a fracture . captain vincent kompany is out with a groin injury and might not be fit to return before the end of the season . midfielder james milner , defender gael clichy and strikers wilfried bony and stevan jovetic were also sidelined for the 2-0 win over the hammers . vincent kompany ( right ) was forced to watch from the stands as he continues his recovery from injury . 