with tears in her eyes , a grandmother bends down and embraces the seven-year-old granddaughter she has not seen in years . in another scene , a man smiles blissfully as he hugs his emotional father . these pictures show the moving moments men , women and children living in the united states were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to mexico was temporarily opened on sunday . the steel gate at border field state park in california , which was put in place in the mid-1990s , was unlocked by officials in honor of children 's day , a mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family . and for selected families , it was a long-awaited , intense experience . two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years . emotional : with tears in her eyes , yolanda verona , from tijuana , mexico , bends down and embraces her seven-year-old granddaughter , frida villagomez - whom she has not seen in years - after the gate at border field state park in california was briefly opened for children 's day . reunited : robert vivar ( pictured in the light-colored top ) watches as his daughter , lelainah , seven , hugs his father robert vivar sr at the gate . joyful : mr vivar smiles blissfully as he embraced by his emotional father on the other side of the california fence , while his daughters lelainah and four-year-old willow watch . a border patrol officer ( left ) also smiles as the family reunites during the event , organized by border angels . tear-jerking : lourdes barraza torres and her toddler daughter , reyna , are seen hugging torres 's two sons , including alexis lopez , 10 , as they are reunited for the first time in two years . alex said he ' felt nervous , but at the same time , excited ' at the prospect of seeing his mother again . however , the pair , whose mother had been deported to the country while they were at school , only had two minutes to spend with her - because then it was time for another family to be reunited . one of the boys , alexis lopez , now 10 , told u-t san diego that he ' felt nervous , but at the same time , excited ' to briefly meet his mother , lourdes barraza , in front of other families and photographers . he added : ' we talked about how life was without our mom . about how much we love each other . ' event organizer father dermot rodgers said that while the brief reunions were held for children 's day , they were also meant to draw attention to what he called a broken immigration system . many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to mexico after living in the u.s. without documentation . the gate had only been opened to those affected once before , in 2013 . no touching : the gate at border field state park , which was put in place in the mid-1990s , was unlocked by officials for children 's day , a mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family . above , abel , two , speaks to his mom , yolanda verona , through the mesh fence . in good spirits : marisela augustin holds her two-year-old son angel after traveling to the border with her husband , maurilio , to see his mother , antonia florencia , who lives in oaxaca , mexico . the pair had driven from washington for the opportunity to meet with deported ms florencia . beaming : ms florencia speaks with her relatives through the border fence , which has only been opened to relatives once before - in 2013 . special event : many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to mexico after living in the u.s. without documentation . aside from then and on sunday , separated loved ones had only been able to speak to each other through the u.s./mexico border fence , which has thick , steel mesh and is patrolled by officials . the mesh makes seeing each other nearly impossible - never mind touching . on sunday , four families - some from as far away as florida - were given the chance to hug , kiss and share tears of joy . border angels organized the event . founded by enrique morones in 1986 , the non-profit organization provided toys for children who were reunited with their relatives at the fence . 'it’s only a couple of minutes , but that’s a whole world to somebody who had only been able to see ( their family ) through skype , or the wall , ' mr morones told the news site on monday . couple : hugo alvarado , of san diego , california , chats to his wife guadalupe through the border fence , which is heavily patrolled by officials . gazing out : ms florencia speaks with family members through the border fence . it is not known when the border gate will next be opened . in chage : enrique morones ( left ) , the founder of the border angels , which organized the event , stands with border patrol officers as he speaks with people who are about to approach the border fence near the ocean . 'it’s only a couple of minutes , but that’s a whole world to somebody who had only been able to see ( their family ) through skype , or the wall , ' mr morones said on monday as the gate was opened to families . tight security : border patrol officers are pictured standing by the gate in the border fence , just minutes before four families were reunited . ' to finally put your arms around somebody and realize that love has no borders is very significant . ' the pictures from sunday 's event include an image of two-year-old abel speaking to his mother , yolanda verona through the border fence , while being held by his uncle , albert villagomez . they also include a photo of marisela augustin holding her two-year-old son angel after traveling to the border with her husband , maurilio , to see his mother , antonia florencia , who lives in oaxaca . it is not known when the border gate will next open to separated families .