an associate dean of students at the university of virginia said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape . nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , jann s. wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . ' rolling stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally , ' eramo wrote . ' using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the rolling stone article attacked my life 's work . ' scroll down to read full letter ... hitting back : u.va . dean nicole p. eramo blasted rolling stone in an open letter on wednesday over its retracted campus rape story . the magazine furthered its ' malicious and false allegations by accompanying the article with a cartoonish picture of me doctored to appear as though i was smiling and giving a `` thumbs up '' to a crying victim , ' eramo writes . the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at u.va . after the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding rolling stone had failed to meet journalistic standards . the magazine pledged to review its practices and removed ' a rape on campus ' from its website . wenner said he wo n't fire anyone . the charlottesville police department has said it had found no evidence to back the claims of the victim identified in the story only as ' jackie , ' who said she was raped by seven men at the phi kappa psi fraternity house . not enough ? eramo said the article falsely said she tried to discourage victim ' jackie ' ( left ) from reporting or discussing the alleged assault . the article 's author , sabrina rubin erdely ( right ) , has previously apologized , saying she would not repeat the same mistakes but has not been fired . eramo said the article falsely said she tried to discourage jackie from reporting or discussing the alleged assault . eramo said she in fact ' arranged for jackie to meet with detectives almost immediately after she provided information ' about being victimized at the fraternity house . the fallout from the article 's false portrayal has included emails ' expressing that hope that i be killed or raped , and commenting on that they hoped that i had a daughter so that she could be raped , ' she wrote . eramo said the article has also hurt her ability to work with students and victims with whom she 'd developed relationships . a spokeswoman for rolling stone said wednesday : ' we sincerely regret any pain we caused dean nicole eramo and others affected by this story . ' the article 's author , sabrina rubin erdely , has previously apologized , saying she would not repeat the same mistakes . eramo has hired a law firm that specializes in defamation cases , but has not said what her legal plans are . phi kappa psi announced after the columbia report came out that it will ' pursue all available legal action ' against rolling stone . to date , no lawsuit has been filed . final open letter to rolling stone by timothydrichardson .    