edward snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . mr snowden may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance but continue attacking america in order to save himself from jail in the us , andrei soldatov said . he accused the former us spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the russian authorities . edward snowden is being ‘exploited’ under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . after mr snowden , 31 , revealed himself in june 2013 as the civilian cia worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents , he fled to hong kong and then russia where he was given asylum . the decision by russian president vladimir putin was seen as a snub to us president barack obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained . but the details of the arrangement have never been made public , and mr snowden has never addressed them . mr soldatov , who runs a website which is an online watchdog of mr putin’s intelligence agencies , spoke out in an interview with the daily beast , a us news and culture website . mr soldatov is also an author , investigative journalist and analyst who has been working on the russian security state for a decade . it was thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the us government – but it seems he’s actually set up shop in the middle of the white house . at least , that’s where the whistleblower is according to google maps . a business called edward’s snow den has appeared in the us president’s headquarters thanks to the clever work of internet pranksters . nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked , but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5am and 11pm , according to thenextweb.com . several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘ great source of classified information’ . whistleblower edward snowden speaks to european officials via videoconference during a parliamentary hearing on improving the protection of whistleblowers , at the council of europe in strasbourg . he said : ‘ i think there is some sort of a deal with the russian authorities . ‘ it seems snowden insisted that he’d never be used by russian propaganda . ‘ he never made it onto ( russian tv station ) rt or other state media outlets and of course they would be happy to have him . ‘he’s clearly being exploited - after all , many repressive measures on the internet in russia were presented to russians as a response to snowden’s revelations . ’ mr snowden is still a wanted man in the us where , if he returns , he will face espionage charges that could see him jailed for life if convicted . mr soldatov said : ‘ it seems the idea is to stress that he’s just not in the us , he’s somewhere , but not in russia . ‘ i don’t think it was his strategy from the beginning . after all , he questioned ( vladimir ) putin last april during putin’s annual question-and-answer press conference about mass surveillance in russia . ‘ so my impression is that it’s not his decision . ’ mr snowden has been branded a traitor in the us and the uk where terrorism experts have said that lives were being lost because he had hampered security service operations . he stole information which revealed how spying agencies including gchq and the nsa monitored citizens’ private information , including call history and emails . mr snowden recently gave an interview to british comedian john oliver for his weekly us tv show in which he admitted he had not read every document he leaked . in his toughest grilling to date , mr snowden said that he had ‘evaluated’ all the documents but squirmed and gave non-answers when pressed . he also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda . 