a mysterious sinkhole spewing fire and incredible heat has appeared in a chinese hillside . geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china , since it appeared a few weeks ago . scroll down for video . the hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer . the heat blasting from the ' ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c ( 1457f ) from two metres away , reports people 's daily online , and is so intense that experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is . video footage of the 3ft-wide hole shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim . some chinese internet users have branded it a ' gateway to hell ' after viewing the pictures . experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the mysterious hole is . the temperature has been measured at 792c - but that was from two metres away . locals told chinese media that they had noticed the ground in the area had been warm underfoot for some time . the hill is not in a volcanic area , and experts from xinjiang meitian geological bureau think the hole is caused by the layer of spontaneously combusted coal underneath the ground , which leads the surface layer to collapse . ‘ the phenomenon has existed in the area for a few decades , ’ huang wei , an engineer from the bureau told china central tv station . he added that smoke often comes from under the ground on this hill in the spring and autumn . branches and grass that are held near the hole immediately catch fire from the intense heat . experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground . chen long , a supervisor from xinjiang meitian fire engineering bureau , said there used to be more than a dozen of small coal mines in the area in the 1970s . ‘ primitive mining and extinguishing techniques caused coal to burn deep under the ground , ’ said mr chen in the same interview . ‘ operators didn’t seal the mines properly after business discontinued and this leads the underground fire to burn towards the surface of the earth . ’ the local authorities have started drawing plans to put out the underground fire .