a group of black attorneys have called for the second officer connected to the fatal shooting of south carolina father walter scott to be arrested . national bar association officials said that officer clarence habersham , 37 , who was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man 's body after shooter michael slager , should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report . the call comes after slager , who has been fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder last week , is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to scott 's death . warning : graphic content below . scroll down for video . the national bar association is calling for north chareston officer clarence habersham , 37 ( right ) to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of michael slager , 33 ( left ) , during the death of walter scott . habersham ( right ) was the second office to arrive at the body of scott , 50 , and did not report slager 's actions leading up to the shooting . scott , 50 , a coast guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last saturday by slager , who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop . the father of four 's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after a witness published video contradicting the police account of the event . slager , 33 , who is white , said that he felt ' threatened ' by scott , who is black , during a confrontation over his taser , but video shows the civilian running away before being shot . habersham , who approached the body after slager went to go grab the taser that fell , can be seen examining scott . slager then drops the taser next to the dead body in the presence of habersham . habersham then used his radio to report that scott had gunshot wounds to his chest , right side , and backside . however , the black officer gave a two-sentence supplemental report and said that he tried to render aid to the body , which no one in the video does . on april 4 , 2015 i officer habersham responded to the empty lot behind mega pawn in reference to the above incident . i ( habersham ) attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and directing the best route for ems and fire to take to get to the victim faster . video released after slager 's account into the death shows scott ( left ) running away from the traffic stop when he is shot . mourners have placed flowers at a memorial to the veteran ( right ) over the past week . slager said after the incident that he ' felt threatened ' by scott , though video shot by feidin santana contradicts his report . officers in the video are seen walking around and checking the pulse of the body . sergeant james gann wrote in his report that he helped habersham administer first aid and cpr.. . feidin santana , who filmed a widely circulated video of the incident , said he did not any officers giving scott cpr . the national bar association , the country 's oldest group of black lawyers , said that habersham ' deliberately left material facts out of his report ' and left it ' incomplete ' . the group said it was ' outraged ' by the incident and that any other officer of the seven that quickly arrived on the scene should be indicted if they filed a false report . police are interviewing all officers involved , a police source told cbs news . chief eddie driggers said that he would not comment because the investigation is ongoing .  police version . police officer michael slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with walter scott began at around 9.30am on saturday . he said he pulled scott 's mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . he said scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts slager . the officer then tried to use his taser to subdue scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . according to police reports , slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop scott . at that point , the officer fired at scott several times because he ' felt threatened , ' slager 's statement said . he added that his actions were in line with procedure . police then said slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ' shots fired and the subject is down . he took my taser . ' his department said the officers then performed cpr and delivered first aid to the victim . what the video shows . slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting scott in the back . the footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser . wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body . as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body . footage then appears to show slager jogging back to the point where the taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . it is only after two-and-a-half minutes that slager is seen placing his hand on scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . a black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . they are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . relatives of scott say their goodbyes to him on saturday at a funeral that was was so widely attended that hundreds were left outside . habersham was accused of excessive force by another black south carolina resident , sheldon williams , 47 , according to the guardian . williams , who has multiple criminal convictions , said that he was pinned to the ground , handcuffed and had his face stomped on during a 2011 arrest . he said he did not resist arrest . scott was laid to rest today , his casket draped in an american flag and accompanied by his distraught mother . so many people came to the service that hundreds were left waiting outside . us senator tim scott ( r-sc ) , congressman jim clyburn ( d-sc ) , state senator marlon kimpson , charleston county sheriff al cannon , and elder james johnson of the national action network all attended . slager is being held without bail and faces punishments as serious as the death penalty if convicted . judy scott , the mother of walter , leaves the funeral for her son in charleston , south carolina . the service was also attended by a number of the state 's politcians . scott , who was remembered as a beloved father , had his coffin draped in an american flag during saturday 's funeral ceremony . 