a police officer has been filmed beating and tasering a 17-year-old boy during a traffic stop in virginia . the footage has prompted an investigation into the officers ' conduct - and claims he even tried to delete the video , but failed . brandon wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend courtney griffith , 18 , on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light . scroll down for video . horrific : cell phone footage captured the moment brandon wyne , 17 , and his friend courtney griffith , 18 , were pulled over for a traffic stop that escalated into wyne being stunned and pepper sprayed . tried to delete it ? a police officer can be seen stopping the footage before allegedly trying to delete it . however , when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car . griffith said she does not allow marijuana in her car and demanded to be presented with an arrest warrant . wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor . his resistance prompted an argument , filmed on griffith 's cell phone , which culminated in the officer spraying wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a taser gun twice . the boy can be seen screaming in pain , shouting : ' i 'm 17 years old ! stop ! ' wyne had agreed to get out the car on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrives because he is a minor . the officer retaliated to his request by pepper spraying him in the eyes ( right ) . the boy clutches his eyes , screaming ' stop ! ' and the officer says , ' you 're going to get it again ' . he raises his hands in the air shouting ' stop ! stop ! ' and the officer says , ' you 're going to get it again ' - before tasering him once more . the video stops once wyne and griffith are pulled out of the car and a police officer spots the cell phone , propped up on the dashboard . grabbing the phone , he stops the recording . it has emerged months later after griffith claims she found it in the ' recently deleted ' folder of her cell phone . reacting to the video , virginia beach police chief jim cervera told wtkr : 'there`s some things i saw in that that i do not feel comfortable with . ' he added that he will be investigating whether the officer tampered with evidence . a statement released by the virginia beach police department said the officer under investigation has been placed on administrative duty . 