dr mehmet oz 's fellow faculty members at columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ' unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics . but they also leap to the physician 's defense in the piece , saying that his on-air ' ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university , where he has an unblemished record as a doctor . the eight staff wrote the op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians . those doctors accused him of being a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show - accusations dr oz has vehemently fought this week . scroll down for videos . under fire : faculty at columbia university have said some of dr mehmet oz 's tactics have ' sullied their reputation ' - but also applauded him for the work he had carried out at the ivy league school . in the new op-ed , his fellow faculty also denounced his tv show methods . they pointed out that in 2014 , the bmj medical journal said ' that less than half of the recommendations on his show are based on at least somewhat believable evidence ' . ' many of us are spending a significant amount of our clinical time debunking ozisms regarding metabolism game changers , ' the staff members wrote in the op-ed . ' irrespective of the underlying motives , this unsubstantiated medicine sullies the reputation of columbia university and undermines the trust that is essential to physician-patient relationships . ' that said , ' the weaknesses in [ his ] professional balance sheet ' should not force him out of his job at columbia university , where he has been employed since 2001 , they wrote . he was hired because of his strengths as a doctor and receives top reviews from his peers and patients , and therefore should not be forced to leave the job ' in which he excels ' , they wrote . support : the eight faculty members , including drs michael rosenbaum , left , and joan bregstein . right , said they have spent a great deal of their time debunking ' ozisms ' their colleague had shared on air . instead , they suggested that his case raises questions of what responsibilities doctors in the media have to their patients . ' what happens when a doctor 's job in media-medicine collides with office- or hospital-based medicine ? dr. mehmet oz is a case in-point . ' ' many of us are spending a significant amount of our clinical time debunking ozisms regarding metabolism game changers . irrespective of the underlying motives , this unsubstantiated medicine sullies the reputation of columbia university and undermines the trust that is essential to physician-patient relationships . ' ' we need to re-evaluate the roles of the health sciences and government in broadcast medicine and what are the responsibilities of media physicians to their patients ? ' 'non-evidence based medical recommendations presented without the appropriate caveats are costly and potentially harmful . however , unless these foibles can be shown to render dr. oz inadequate or ineffective at columbia , there is no justification for forcing him to resign from a well-earned position in academic medicine . ' regulatory guidance addressing the tension between his two positions is potentially a far better solution that could result in improved health care both in the doctor 's office and in the media . ' dr . oz might begin each program with a simple disclaimer : `` the opinions expressed on this program may not be evidence-based or part of accepted medical practice and have no endorsement from columbia university . '' ' the full op-ed can be read at usa today . 'non-evidence based medical recommendations presented without the appropriate caveats are costly and potentially harmful , ' they wrote . ' however , unless these foibles can be shown to render dr. oz inadequate or ineffective at columbia , there is no justification for forcing him to resign from a well-earned position in academic medicine . ' rather , he should start each show with a disclaimer : ' the opinions expressed on this program may not be evidence-based or part of accepted medical practice and have no endorsement from columbia university , ' they said . the op-ed was penned by dr michael rosenbaum , dr joan bregstein , dr elizabeth oelsner , dr sumit mohan and dr dana march of columbia university medical center , dr michelle odlum of the school of nursing , dr katherine shear of the college of physicians & surgeons , and tal gross of the department of health policy and management . on friday , dr oz , 54 , said he was ' very proud to have that feedback ' from his colleagues as he appeared on the today show . ' the [ dr oz ] show has to be much broader than what might take place in a doctor 's office , ' he said . ' i completely respect why so many of my colleagues might have a difficulty with that , but i 'm also appreciative that many of them do understand why that 's important . ' while appearing on today , he insisted that , despite the criticisms , his show will continue . he has been hosting the program since 2009 . ' without question , the show will survive it , ' he said . ' i want to keep doing the show for as long as i can because i think we played an important role in making america a better place . ' even though he often wears his scrubs on air , he added that his show is not about medicine , but about living ' the good life ' , such as looking at the power of prayer or techniques abroad . defense : on friday , dr oz appeared on the today show and said his show would survive the criticism . vehement : he told matt lauer that his show was more about living ' the good life ' than medical information . he said he continues to stand by his use of the word ' miracle ' to some treatments - but wishes he had not used it for weight-loss supplements . ' this is a flawed area with lots of fraud , both in the research and in products , ' he said . ' and we no longer talk about them . i have n't talked about them in a year . ' and talking about the letter from the 10 doctors last week , he said that those critics have agendas , particularly against genetically modified organisms , which he has supported . ' the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites , ' he previously said on his thursday show , which was entitled the truth about his critics . ' it 's ironic that i am being accused of a conflict of interest by these doctors , when , as you are about to see , some of them have their own conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also . ' four who signed the letter , including leader author henry miller , have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health . defiant : the celebrity doctor used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism he 's received is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified food . the organization has previously received grants from monsanto , who manufactures gmo seeds . during his show on thursday , oz denied attacking genetically modified foods . ' that is not true . i have never judged gmo foods , ' he said . ' but just like 64 countries around the world , i support gmo labeling so you can decide on the foods for your family . ' dr miller had written of oz : ' he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . i think i know the motivation at columbia . ' they 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ' but the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' columbia previously released a statement that it ' is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . '