players ' chief gordon taylor insists raheem sterling is not being disloyal to liverpool by putting any further talks about a new contract on hold until the summer . the 20-year-old england player has been made what manager brendan rodgers described as ' an incredible offer ' , believed to be £100,000-a-week , but negotiations have ended in stalemate . sterling has insisted he is not a ' money grabber ' and taylor , chief executive of the professional footballers ' association , believes waiting until the season is over before resuming talks could be a wise move . raheem sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . liverpool manager brendan rodgers described the £100,000-a-week contract offer as an ' incredible offer ' . pfa chief executive gordon taylor has defended sterling for postponing contract negotiations . taylor said : ' i do n't think it 's meant to be a sign of disloyalty to liverpool . ' even steven gerrard , a liverpool man all his career , had to think about his situation from time to time when there was a great deal of interest in him from other clubs . ' as a player with two years left on his contract he 's obviously entitled to consider his options . ' it is a little bit untidy however when the negotiating is taking place in the full glare of the media . ' it 's the nature of the game now and it is not necessarily a bad thing for both the club and the player to concentrate on football and leave things on the contract until the end of the season . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain . sterling scored for england in their euro 2016 qualifier with lithuania on friday evening . ' they will want to focus on the run-in , the race for the top four and the champions league places , and the fa cup as well , and sometimes contract negotiations are the last thing you want to be worrying about . ' taylor added that he was confident sterling was aware of what he owed to liverpool and rodgers . he said : ' raheem has got to feel very close to liverpool and he will be aware that they have looked after him , that the manager brendan rodgers has put his faith in him and given him his opportunity . ' 