a nine-year-old girl who plummeted 30ft headfirst down the inside of a hollow tree claims she ' went to heaven and sat in jesus 's lap ' while unconscious after the fall . her mother , christy wilson beam , 42 , has spoken of her amazement after annabel , now 12 , escaped the horrifying accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness that had plagued her childhood . for the first time in her life , she can eat solid food – and her mother thinks her brush with jesus is the reason why . scroll down for video . annabel beam , now 12 , believes she visited heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age of nine . annabel ( centre ) , with her mother christy and father kevin and her sisters abigail ( right ) and adelynn ( left ) . in december , 2011 , annabel was playing outside the family 's texas home with her sisters abigail , now 14 and adelynn , now ten , when she slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree . mum christy said : ' she hit her head three times on the way down and this is consistent with the findings of an mri scan . ' with the facts in front of me now , i see it all with sickening clarity . ' sometimes at night , it replays in my head – a dark twist on alice tumbling down the rabbit hole . ' an emergency fire crew managed to harness annabel to safety and she was rushed to cook children 's hospital in fort worth in a helicopter . fearing the worst , medics prepped brain and spinal injury teams to stand by for annabel 's arrival – but , incredibly , she survived without a scratch . video : today . annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises . the doctors said ' i guess someone up there was looking out for her ' . annabel 's mother , christy , and father , kevin , believe their daughter , saying she ' has no interest in melodrama ' . doctors told her relieved parents : ' i guess someone up there was looking out for her . ' ' the er doc told us the one thing we were n't expecting to hear , ' her mother said . ' he said , `` other than a possibly concussion and some superficial bumps and bruises , she does n't appear to have been injured at all . '' ' [ my husband ] kevin and i exchanged a look of pure astonishment . ' in the days following the accident , annabel began to talk of religious visions she experienced while lying unconscious . she told her parents : ' i went to heaven when i was in that tree . i sat in jesus ' lap . ' ' i saw in anna 's eyes the conscious decision to confide in us , ' christy said . ' there was no drama , she was n't playing either . ' this was n't like one of her long , spun-out recaps of a funny dream or movie she 'd seen . ' she 'd been through enough real drama in her short life . she had no interest in melodrama . ' [ she described ] some of what she 'd experienced while inside the tree – how the gates of heaven are made of gold , how jesus told her it was n't time . ' a cross marks the hollowed-out cottonwood tree , where annabel plummeted 30ft headfirst to the bottom . initially , christy was concerned that annabel was indicating a head injury , but mri and ct scans revealed she had not sustained one . further tests also revealed annabel had remarkably stopped displaying symptoms of pseudo-obstruction motility disorder , a rare incurable condition that had seen her in and out of hospital since 2008 . doctors advised she could begin to come off the antibiotics she had been taking for years . instead of taking ten different types of medication throughout the day , she only needed three , and the painkillers that were prescribed ' as and when she needed them ' were not required at all . previously , annabel 's medication meant she had to have a liquid diet or stick to soft , bland food – but now , she can happily tuck into pizzas and mcdonald 's happy meals . the family have gone more than a year without a single visit to the doctor . ' i ca n't explain what happened to her physically while she was in that tree , ' said her father kevin . ' all i have to go on is the radiological data and the medical records from before and after . ' the proof is in the pudding . she was n't well before and now she is . ' all i know beyond that is that she believes she went to heaven . and i believe her when she tells me she believes it . ' nine-year-old annabel was playing outside with her sisters abigail and adelynn when she fell inside the tree . annabel said she saw a fairy-like guardian angel as she gained consciousness , and it stayed with her while she was rescued , shining a light so she could see . annabel talked of seeing a ' guardian angel ' as she came to . the schoolgirl said : ' i started to wake up in the tree and i could hear the firemen 's voices . and i saw an angel that looked very small , like a fairy . ' and the god winked at me through the body of the angel and what he was saying to me was , ' i 'm going to leave you now and everything is going to be okay . ' and then the angel stayed with me the entire time , shining a light so i could see . we did n't talk . we just sat together peacefully . ' she also spoke of seeing mimi , her great-grandmother who 'd died in 2010 after surgery on a blocked intestine . when asked what jesus looked like , annabel said : ' he had a beautiful long white robe , dark skin and a big beard – kinda like santa claus , but not really . ' 