we 've seen hot dudes reading , hot dudes drinking coffee , and even hot dudes posing like cats ( yes this is a real thing , ask google . and you 're welcome ) . but a new instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups . a treat for those who love both man and man 's best friend , hot dudes with dogs has picked up quite a pace since launching a month ago . scroll down for video . new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs . the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages . now boasting 148,000 followers , the account relies on submissions via direct messages , and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find . the account 's tagline is : ' these dudes with dogs will make you drool more than man 's best friend ' , and # muscles and # mutts are regular hashtags . highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner 's sunglasses , and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring ; paws on its owner 's chest . another post of an alsatian running along with its skateboarding owner attracted an impressive 8,435 likes . this post of an alsatian running along with it 's skateboarding owner attracted an impressive 8,435 likes . other cute dogs , from boxers to boston terriers , are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa , or even in the car , and put through a flattering filer . the account belongs to elite daily 's staff writer kaylin pound , who also created the rich dogs of instagram account . she told the huffington post that she began her latest endeavour by finding photos online , but soon enough the submissions came flooding in thick and fast . kaylin says the account is now freshly stocked with images sent to her directly from the hot dudes and their furry friends . a cute boston terrier enjoys a cuddle with its handsome owner in bed ; either sierra or rise prettifying that morning light . a boxer looks out into the distance relaxing by a lake with owner erik james , copying his pose . dogs are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa , or even in the car , and put through a flattering colour filter . kaylin also created the rich dogs of instagram account and started hot duded by scrolling the social media site for suitable snaps . the account now has submissions flooding in and kaylin says it is well stocked , so we can expect many more adorable posts like this . this is the latest account following on from the trend for ' hot dudes ' doing all sorts of random things . the ultimate instagram eye candy , the account has amassed hundreds of thousands of followers in just a month . if you 're a hot dude with a dog you can follow the account and send a direct message with your picture . kaylin then gets to pick and choose which ones to put up . some , like this one ( 13.1k likes ! ) prove especially popular . model marvin poses for a selfie with his puppy in bed . australian tom hintze and his husky are pictured having fun in the sun . 