the leading critic of conservative party plans to give housing association tenants a right to buy herself lives in a £1million house . as director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation , ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . but just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london , neither has she revealed just how comfortable her own house is . hypocrite ? ruth davison , leading critic of david cameron 's plan to extent the right to buy scheme is a labour party member and the owner of a £1million house in islington , london . in reality she has been one of the country’s biggest gainers from the private property boom . she also earned hefty salaries in public bodies for years when labour was in power . miss davison , 44 , and husband chris bailey , 47 , who describes himself as an ‘ urban regenerator , non-profit board member and social entrepreneur’ , bought a large terrace house in islington for £440,000 ten years ago . it has now rocketed to more than £1million in value . promise : david cameron and the conservatives plan to extend ‘ right to buy’ from council houses to housing association properties if they win . yet on behalf of the fat-cat housing association bosses she speaks for , miss davison has been across the newspapers and broadcasters this week fighting to stop the conservative election campaign proposal to extend ‘ right to buy’ legislation from council house tenants to the 2.7million people living in housing association properties . under the scheme , housing association tenants would receive discounts of tens of thousands of pounds on the market value of their homes . miss davison told the bbc in response to the tory right-to-buy plans on tuesday that it was wrong to effectively give money to ‘ some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents’ . she added : ‘ we are independent organisations and charities – you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they’re worth than you can force tesco , or even cancer research . ' so housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . there will be a cost to the taxpayer . ’ miss davison’s first major taxpayer-funded role under labour was at the audit commission , with other senior roles at bedford and hertfordshire strategic health authority and the national patient safety agency . last night miss davison said : ‘ the price of a family house is now beyond the reach of many – i couldn’t afford to buy my home now . ‘ we need to build more homes of all types to make housing more affordable for everyone , not just give money away to the lucky few . ’