lucas leiva would like to remind people it is not just steven gerrard playing out his own emotional journey in sunday 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley . the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against chelsea the previous november . his story might not have the celebrity appeal of gerrard saying goodbye in an fa cup final on his 35th birthday , but the desire to win the cup is just as strong . lucas has been the longest-serving player at liverpool behind captain steven gerrard ( right ) . lucas has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . ‘i’ve played at the maracana a few times but never at wembley , ’ said lucas , 28 . ‘ i have been dreaming about it , to be honest . i’ve been at liverpool so long . gerrard deserves to win the fa cup after what he has done for this club . he has won many trophies here but a lot of people here have been working for many years and not won as much as him . we want to win like him . ’ when lucas was signed by rafa benitez in 2007 , liverpool had just been in their second champions league final in three seasons . but he has had to endure turbulent times since then ; four managers and a change of ownership that dragged liverpool into virtual civil war . not surprisingly , the cup finals and trophies dried up . ‘ i didn’t think i was going to stay this long . i felt after the first season i was gone , ’ said lucas with a laugh , having been pilloried by the kop during his early days . ‘ there have been big changes in the club during my time here and at some point you pay a price for that . sunday will mark steven gerrard’s 36th , and possibly last , appearance at wembley . thirty-two of his games have been there for england ( including one at the old wembley ) and three for liverpool . wembley record for england p32 w24 d4 l4 goals 8 . wembley record for liverpool p3 w1 d1 l1 goals 0 . three wembley highlights . england 2-0 ukraine - 2000 . makes his england debut at the old wembley the day after his 20th birthday and impresses enough to earn a place in kevin keegan’s euro 2000 squad . plays for 81 minutes before replaced by kieron dyer . england 2-0 usa - 2008 . scores his first goal at the new national stadium when he sidefoots gareth barry’s pass past american goalkeeper brad guzan . liverpool 2-1 everton- 2012 . having lifted the league cup earlier in the season , gerrard returned to wembley for a sweet fa cup semi-final victory against their merseyside rivals , with andy carroll heading a late winner . ‘ there was discussion about ownership , the court and all that . it didn’t help . we saw a lot of senior players leaving . this is a chance for our new team to win their first trophy . ’ lucas has gone from an impressionable youngster learning from gerrard , pepe reina and xabi alonso to one of the senior voices in the dressing room . he has seen youngsters raheem sterling and jordon ibe criticised for being photographed with a shisha pipe and said : ‘ it is hard to give advice because there are so many people always around players . i just think young players shouldn’t get carried away . i had real role models in the dressing room like pepe and stevie . you saw they had success because of the way they do things , not just their talent . ‘ ten years ago , players would have more space . today we go to a restaurant and everyone is filming , recording or taking pictures . you need to have extra care . if you are having a glass of wine , then people say you are drunk . ’ lucas tries to win a tackle during liverpool 's 2-0 victory at home to newcastle on monday night . lucas celebrates joe allen 's ( right ) second goal for liverpool against newcastle . lucas is desperate to win the fa cup and end his 270-game barren spell at anfield . the last player to have played more times for liverpool without winning a major trophy was alan o’court who played for the club 345 times between 1952 and 1964 , collecting just a second division championship medal . liverpool felt so sorry for lucas , who was injured for the 2012 league cup final win , they asked the football league to send him a medal in the post . liverpool’s improvements under rodgers have not so far translated into silverware . they finished second to manchester city in a thrilling premier league title race last season and were beaten by eventual winners chelsea in this year’s capital one cup semi-finals . brendan rodgers knows , with a far stronger squad than he inherited in 2012 , they now have to take the cup competitions seriously . ‘ for me , the objective in the first couple of years was getting into the champions league , ’ he said . ‘ if you look at how we did in the cups we weren’t so good . i felt we didn’t have the squad to challenge . this year we’d arrived into the champions league and could focus on winning a trophy . we have got to one semi-final already in the capital one cup and now we’ve got another chance . our vision is to win trophies . ’ gerrard has returned to the squad after a three-match ban from being sent off against manchester united . gerrard ( right ) made his wembley debut for england in 2000 in a friendly against ukraine . the return of gerrard into the squad after a three-match ban for stamping on manchester united’s ander herrera is vital to calm any nerves . in contrast to lucas and others in the liverpool team , he has played at wembley 35 times in his career — and been on the winning side in 25 of them . rodgers smiles that he will be ‘heartless’ in deciding whether to name his captain in the starting xi but is adamant gerrard will make a big contribution . ‘i’ve had a meal with him , talking over things , ’ said the manager . ‘ i am disappointed i didn’t have the chance to work with him for longer . at 24 , i would have built a team around him like i did with luis suarez . ‘ wembley is like his second home . he knows what it takes to win there . he’s calm anyway before the games and that is important for us as a team . everyone respects that i want to do what is best for the team . status and star quality have never bothered me , really . ’ 