an australian teenager has told how she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali while holidaying with her family - and has slammed indonesian police for letting her attacker escape back to his native nigeria . audrey pekin , 19 , says she was attacked by a man , henry alafu , who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home - and then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee . according to channel 9 's a current affair , the pair began drinking together at the bounty bar in kuta , before moving to the nearby sky garden to continue the night . scroll down for video . audrey pekin has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a christmas holiday to bali with her family . alafu lured ms pekin back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city , and brutally raped her on two separate occasions . alafu told ms pekin a party was taking place a nearby villa , and the pair agreed to go to it together . according to aca , during in taxi ride to the home , ms pekin began to feel unwell due to her type 1 diabetes . once they arrived at the house , she was not put off by the lack of noticeable noise that suggested there was no party taking place , because her illness made it ' impossible to think ' , she told the show . inside the house , alafu locked the door and forced ms pekin to the bed where he allegedly attacked her . ' he went from a man to a monster , ' ms pekin said . ' i ca n't quite describe the feeling , the sadness , to know what was about to happen and that i would or could not have done anything to stop it . ' i was literally shaking and drooling ... i threw some very feeble punches , but i could not move my arms ... i could not move anything . ' after the first alleged attack , ms pekin said she desperately tried to escape . alafu then followed her , and tormented her as she struggled to flee . she sought help from passing motorists and workers in a nearby service station , but alafu allegedly told staff to ignore her and ' to stay out of it ' , the show reported . ms pekin believed she was safe when a cab picked her up , only for alafu to force his way into the cab and again allegedly rape her . henry alafu is the man the pekin family believed attacked their daughter . cctv footage captured alafu waiting in the lobby for ms pekin , as she stopped at the hotel before they continued with their night out . it was before the alleged attack took place . ' he kept trying to kiss me ... he molested me in the back of the taxi for everyone , for the taxi driver , to see , ' she claimed . ' he would n't stop . ' ms pekin escaped the cab when it got back into the city of kuta , when alafu stalked after her again . ' he loped after me ... he was laughing - he was taunting me , ' she told aca . it was only after another man , believed to be a fellow australian , saw ms pekin was distressed and stepped in to help her . ms pekin said she tried to escaped from her alleged attacker by getting a cab back into the middle of kuta , but he forced his way into the back of the car and allegedly raped her a second time . ' i wish i could find that man ... he deserves a medal , that man saved my life , ' ms pekin said . ms pekin 's sister , frances , discovered her on the floor of her hotel room hours later . ' she was n't even on the bed - she was next to the bed crying , shaking ... in that moment i knew something , the worst had happened , ' frances pekin said , according to the report . the family rushed ms pekin to hospital , where doctors found her entire body covered in bruises . ' he was crushing me , he nearly suffocated me ... he could have killed me , ' ms pekin said . ' it 's so hard to get justice here , ' dawn pekin ( left ) said . ' men like him will cross path with many women . do n't think it ca n't happen to you ' . the 19-year-old then had a ' virginity test ' at sanglah hospital , which she said was similar to a ' third assault ' . ' the test was horrible , it was invasive ... it was painful . ' the test not only confirmed to police ms pekin had been raped , but it also revealed she had contracted a sexually transmitted infection in the attack . the pekin family 's torment was worsened by the fact the alleged predator was allowed to escape the country , and remains on-the-run . alafu lured ms pekin back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city , and brutally raped her on two separate occasions , according to aca . a number of facebook posts by alafu , under a different name , including a picture he uploaded of the two together the night before , led to the pekins family to believe it ' evident ' he was the man who allegedly attacked their daughter . police were in possession of alafu 's phone number , facebook profile and current address , but the pekin family says they did not do enough . ' it 's just so hard to know what to do , ' ms pekin 's father , karl , said . ' it 's incredibly frustrating ... they could have picked him up - he was still a threat . ' it 's clear who he was , clear where he was , so we do n't know why he was n't picked up . ' it was not until january 12 , 18 days after the alleged attack , an attempt to arrest the nigerian national . ' we 're terrified . he 's still free - we do n't know if he is going to rock up on our doorstep , ' ms pekin said . four of alafu 's friends were arrested in a raid on the property on january 14 , however it is believed he had escaped by that point . police tracking revealed his phone was later used in jakarta before being deactivated . his facebook account was later opened from nigeria . the pekin family was paid more than $ 14,000 in legal fees over four days to proceed with the case . ' i think bali is a lawless country , ' ms pekin said . ' it has laws when it feels like it . ' police were in possession of alafu 's phone number , facebook profile and current address . the family also called on the australian government to help bring their daughter 's attacker to justice . ' the indonesian authorities have asked us why the afp has n't done anything , and it 's a good question , ' mr pekin said . the afp said it did not have jurisdiction in the case , according to a current affair . according to the report , the department of foreign affairs said it supplied comprehensive consular assistance to the family , but would not comment on an active investigation . ' it 's incredibly frustrating ... they could have picked him up - he was still a threat . ' it 's clear who he was , clear where he was , so we do n't know why he was n't picked up , ' mr pekin said . the pekin family said the country 's lax policing of the problem means it is only a matter of time before another similar attack occurs . ' if you can rape a woman in bali and just walk straight out of the country , that 's not a deterrent , that 's an invitation , ' dawn pekin told the program . ' either you get a cheap holiday , or you can have a safe one , ' the 19-year-old ms pekin said . ' you ca n't have both . ' interpol was notified last week that alafu is a wanted man . the pekins are currently waiting for interpol to issue a red notice for his arrest , which would allow the australian government to push for mr alafu 's arrest . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .