a sailor who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the north carolina coast . louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras . ' they saw me on the front of my boat standing up there waving my arms , ' he told the today show of the huge german ship after he left hospital . ' and they turned that huge skyscraper around . ' a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to a hospital in norfolk , virginia , said lt. krystyn pecora , a spokeswoman for the coast guard . scroll down for videos . found safe : louis jordan , second from left , walks from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia , after being found off the north carolina coast on thursday . jordan 's family said he sailed out of a marina in conway , south carolina , on january 23 , and had n't been heard from since until a german boat saw him clinging to the hull of his boat on thursday morning . rescue : a coast guard image shows jordan being pulled up into the helicopter from a german ship . safe : one of his rescuers pulls him into the helicopter after he spent more than two months at sea . heading home : another image shows jordan inside the helicopter as they head towards a hospital . incredibly , she said jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration . he survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil . as he walked towards the hospital unaided , he did not appear to have lost a drastic amount of weight . he was released from the hospital on friday . he also told the today show that he repeatedly read his bible from cover to cover to pass the time but that the ordeal ' seemed like a lot longer ' than 66 days . while stranded , he had dreamed of eating barbecue and organic ice cream , he said . back on land , he was reunited with his relieved parents . ' i was just praying about you because i was afraid you guys were crying and sad , that , you know , i was dead ... and i was n't dead , ' jordan told his father , witn reported . his father frank responded : ' i thought i lost you . ' doing well : jordan appeared in good health when he was brought to shore . he spoke to the today show , pictured , after he left hospital and said he did n't know if he 'd ever return to sea . reunited : jordan is pictured hugging his father frank after they were reunited following his ordeal . back together : he said he had been concerned that his parents , frank and norma , would think he was dead . relief : his mother , norma davis , said she had given up hope of her son returning ' many time ' . speaking to the today show , his mother , norma davis , said it had been an emotional two months and that she had given up hope ' many times ' . ' it 's been terrible , ' she said . ' you live moment to moment and those moments turned into days . ' jordan 's 35-foot sailboat had drifted out into the ocean and capsized , snapping the mast . ' my boat got flipped and did a 180 on me while i was sleeping at night , and i was flying through the air and somersaulting and all my junk and all my equipment , all my gps devices and everything , even my stove dislodged and it was all flying with me , all rolling around , ' he told abc news . but he was unable to repair the mast as he had broken his collarbone when the boat flipped over . he waited for the shoulder to heal slightly before he was able to build up enough strength to fashion a makeshift mast and sail - but he was unable to fight the strong currents , he said , and the boat capsized on two further occasions . he caught rainwater in a bucket and , although he struggled to catch fish at first , he learned that they were attracted to his clothes when he put them in the ocean to clean them , cnn reported . the fish would swim through his clothes so he would scoop them up with a hand net , he said . the tanker crew said it found jordan sitting on the hull of his boat . on thursday night davis posted on facebook that she had spoken to her son and that he was in ' good spirits and hungry ' . rescuers found jordan sitting on the hull of his 35-foot sailboat that had lost its mast and capsized some 200 miles east off cape hatteras , north carolina . jordan had been living on his docked sailboat at the bucksport plantation marina in conway , south carolina , until january , when he told his family he was ' going into the open water to sail and do some fishing , ' his mother said . the family had not heard from him since , she said . ' we expected him to come back and he did not return , ' davis said . ' we knew something happened . to us it 's just a miracle . we 're just so thrilled that he was found alive ... it 's been very difficult not knowing anything and i just feel like all of our prayers have come true . they 've been answered . ' ' we just talked to louis jordan-sounded wonderful , ' she wrote on facebook on thursday night . ' he said that he felt our prayers . he is in good spirits and hungry ! ' in the weeks before their son was found , frank wrote about his sadness and worry and asked for prayers on his facebook page . two weeks after his disappearance , the father wrote : ' when your son disappears and the weeks wear on , and the weather is cold and the atlantic is stormy and wild , many horrible thoughts begin to go through your mind , and you begin to unravel . vessel : jordan is pictured on his 35-foot boat . it capsized at sea in january , causing the mast to snap off . at sea : jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in conway , south carolina , before he told his family he was ' going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . ' your life becomes a muddled jumble of prayers and tears and doubts . that is when friends gather around you to lend their support and prayers , too . it is so , so much appreciated . ' a few weeks later , he added : ' nothing from or about louis . you do n't know whether to mourn or what . when they 're lost at sea , only god knows where they are . ' but by god , he does . louis is in his loving hands , and that is enough to know . thanks for all the messages of concern , a living , moving tribute to his sweet and gentle soul . ' then on thursday , he could finally write : ' good news - my son louis gregory jordan was picked up by a freighter several hundred miles off cape hatteras . ' jordan had spent months sanding and painting his docked 1950s-era , single-masted sailboat in conway , where marina manager jeff weeks said he saw him nearly every day . jordan was the only resident in a section of about 20 boats docked behind a coded security gate , weeks said . ' you 'll probably never meet a nicer guy , ' weeks said . ' he is a quiet gentleman that most of the time keeps to himself . he 's polite . i would describe him as a gentle giant : ' measuring 6-foot-2 and weighing 230 pounds . rescued : mr jordan is pulled up into the helicopter after being attached to a device by a rescuer . rleief : the sailor , who was lost for more than two months , is reeled into the rescue chopper . salvation : a rescuer is hoisted up after attaching louis jordan to the winch . jordan appeared to be knowledgeable about wild fruits and mushrooms and fished for his meal in inland waterways , weeks said . but his january trip may have been his first time sailing in the open ocean . ' he might sail up and down the intercoastal waterway , but he did n't have the experience he needed to go out into the ocean , ' weeks said . records show that louis jordan sailed out of the marina in conway , on january 23 , aboard the sailboat angel , said marilyn fajardo , a spokeswoman for the coast guard 's 7th district . fajardo said the coast guard in miami was notified by frank jordan on january 29 that he had n't seen or heard from his son in a week . one week later , davis confirmed their son was still missing . fajardo said alerts were issued from new jersey to miami to be on the lookout for jordan and his sailboat . officials also searched financial data to determine whether jordan actually had come ashore without being noticed , but found no indication that he had , she said . officials searched financial data to determine whether jordan actually had come ashore without being noticed , but found no indication that he had . chief petty officer ryan doss said jordan 's 35-foot sailboat had lost its mast and capsized . the german tanker crew said it found jordan sitting on the hull . a search was begun on february 8 , but fajardo said the coast guard abandoned its efforts after 10 days . despite reports from other sailors claiming to have seen jordan 's sailboat , none of the sightings were confirmed and the case was suspended . the coast guard said jordan did n't file a ' float plan , ' the nautical equivalent of a flight plan , to determine his route or destination , and fajardo said there was n't enough information to narrow down his whereabouts . davis said she is looking forward to celebrating her son 's return . ' we do plan on having a wonderful easter celebration with family and i ca n't wait to get him back , ' she said - but neither she nor her son were sure he 'd ever head back to see . ' i do n't know , ' he responded . see below for video .