at the age of 37 , and getting on for eight years after he was told that his career was over , michael duff probably hadn’t expected to be chasing the bright young hope of english football around turf moor this weekend . harry kane couldn’t be hotter right now and veteran burnley defender duff will need all his experience to put out the fire when tottenham come to town on sunday . ‘ i played against him when he was on loan at millwall , ’ says duff . ‘ he was a young lad and you could see he was a decent player but i don’t think anyone could have foreseen what’s happened to him in the last 12 months . ‘ i don’t think it’s disrespectful to say he’s come from nowhere . ’ burnley veteran defender michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united . duff will be tasked with stopping spurs scoring sensation harry kane , 16 years his junior , on sunday . duff knows a thing or two about coming from nowhere , although it took him significantly longer than kane to make it to the top . spotted playing for oxfordshire-based carterton town in the hellenic league in the mid-90s , he spent eight years at cheltenham town , including a loan spell at cirencester , before joining burnley for £30,000 in 2004 . the second oldest outfield player in the premier league — 26 days younger than everton’s sylvain distin — duff is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of english football . and yet his career was almost ended prematurely after he suffered a serious knee injury against crystal palace in september 2007 . a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament was the worst of the damage and he will never forget his first meeting with the surgeon . ‘ his bedside manner wasn’t the best , ’ recalls duff . ‘ he held up the scan and the first thing he said was “ look at the f*****g state of that ! ” i still remember those words to this day . it was devastating to be given that news . ‘ being told i was finished at 29 had a big influence because you can take things for granted . i nearly had it taken away from me , so i really appreciate what i’ve got . i don’t know if i would still be playing if that didn’t happen . ’ the defender 's former clubs include an eight year spell with cheltenham town . duff is the only survivor of burnley 's championship promotion and premier league relegation sides . duff is the second oldest outfield player in the premier league behind sylvain distin ( right ) by 26 days . born in belfast but raised in north yorkshire , duff was 11 years old when he witnessed the hillsborough tragedy — standing in the nottingham forest end alongside his dad , john , who had taken him to his first big game . his experiences provide a useful perspective when it comes to handling burnley’s season-long battle against relegation . after playing manchester united , chelsea , liverpool , manchester city and southampton in five of their last six games , sean dyche’s side face tottenham and arsenal in the next two . duff , the only survivor of burnley’s previous promotion to and relegation from the premier league , is not one to listen to the pessimists . nor does he pay too much attention to the hype that comes as part of the package , such as the storm that surrounded team-mate ashley barnes following his bust-up with chelsea’s nemanja matic at stamford bridge in february . ‘what’s the worst that can happen ? ’ asked duff . ‘ you could lose a game of football , but we’re expected to lose it anyway . the high point of burnley 's season thus far has been the 1-0 defeat of defending champions manchester city . burnley 's challenging run in will see the tykes face high flying arsenal after the tottenham game . ‘ every game we play is a free hit from the outside looking in . i can’t imagine we start many games as the bookies’ favourite . no-one gave us a prayer at the start of the season , so we’ll give it a go . ‘it’s been tough this year with the intense scrutiny that comes with the league . for instance , the incident with barnesy at chelsea . no one reacted in the ground , but a week later it was the worst tackle in football history , so it’s something we can not get obsessed with . ‘ there are different pressures at different levels . i’ve played with lads who have been released and can’t afford to pay a mortgage . ’ relegation in 2010 has clearly left a scar , however , and not least because of the controversial departure of manager owen coyle down the road to bolton in mid-season . ‘ it ripped the heart out of the club , ’ says duff . ‘ he had everyone buying into what he thought and then he decided to leave for his own reasons in the january . it didn’t matter who came in , it was going to be an uphill task . ‘ this is completely different . there is definitely a stronger mentality in this squad which reflects the manager . there’s a real belief that we can achieve something this year against all the odds . ’ losing manager owen coyle after relegation from the premier league knocked the wind out of duff . duff’s knee injury taught him to prepare for life after a playing career and he already has his coaching badges . articulate and forthright , he is management material . ‘ you look at the game differently when you get to my age , ’ he says . ‘ i want to stay in football after i’ve finished playing , but i have no plans to stop . i still love getting up for training in the morning . it’s not a bad job running around chasing after a football . ’