even in a world of flash cars and designer clothes , many will be familiar with the saying : ' money does n't buy happiness . ' it turns out , there are things that you can do to make you feel slightly happier everyday . the best part ? according to author of happier people healthier planet , dr teresa belton , they 're all completely free . dr teresa belton insists that there are many simple things - such as inviting a lonely person out to tea - that we can do on a daily basis to increase happiness , and they are all free . researcher and education expert at the university of east anglia , dr teresa belton , believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives . simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . this is because they are all activities that generate a sense of belonging , and help the person adopt confident habits . author belton has insisted that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative . the 62-year-old believes simple acts such as straightening posture ( left ) and joining a community choir ( right ) can increase happiness levels over time . firstly the doctor emphasises that it is important to prioritise ' wellbeing ' over happiness . belton says : ' wellbeing is a continuing state , while happiness can come and go . wellbeing means that we both feel good and function well . ' her book , happier people healthier planet , supports the belief that while many strive for material things that may generate temporary happiness , it is not sustainable way to be . belton insists that it 's actually non-material things that support our wellbeing , like good relationships and a sense of belonging . list five things for which you are grateful : whether they are big or small things , belton recommends doing this for ten weeks can have a big impact on wellbeing . among her simply everyday tips to feeling happier right away - see below - she highlights seemingly trivial activities such as standing up straight and smiling , and even hanging washing up outdoors . the doctor and author also highlights that there are ways you can invest in happiness and wellbeing for the long run . practices include regularly making lists of things for which you are grateful . in fact , studies have shown that doing this for a period of ten weeks can have a real lasting affect on wellbeing . other practices include mindful meditation and taking up voluntary work . declutter : give stuff away , donate possessions to charity or pass them on to someone who could use them . this can relieve stress and create a sense of lightness and unburdening . a less cluttered bedroom can also bring the added bonus of better sleep . hang washing up outdoors : getting some fresh air and creating an orderly line of washing will give you a relaxing break and a reason to get outside in the garden . invite a lonely person to tea : or offer to help your neighbour with their garden , leaking pipe , shopping , etc . feeling needed and having a sense of belonging to a community are important factors for a sense of wellbeing . go for a walk : time spent in green surroundings has shown time and time again to be calming and restorative . even a green view is beneficial , so try and buy some indoor plants too : geraniums for a window sill , ivy for a dark corner , and herbs for the kitchen . stand up straight , and smile : the way we hold ourselves and our facial expression affects the way we feel . adopt a confident posture and you will feel more confident ; look calmly on the world and it will seem a friendlier place . visit an empty beach or hilltop : being a tiny part of an immense landscape can reassuringly put worries into perspective . get moving : physical activity gets us out of our heads and generates endorphins , the hormone which makes us feel good ; dig the garden , cycle , walk , dance , make pastry , or even mow the lawn . appreciate the little things : from a spider spinning a web , to a bird singing : these are just a few of the endless everyday details which we often overlook or take for granted , yet which can delight us if we let them . list five things for which you are grateful : whether they are big or small . research has shown that doing this every week for ten weeks can result in lasting increases in wellbeing , as it gets us into the habit of seeing our life through a positive lens . join a community choir : singing regularly with other people is rewarding not only because of the pleasure derived from the music itself , but also because it is sociable and it demands effort , commitment and attention . take up regular voluntary work : social connectedness , as well as freely giving your time , attention and energy , and making a positive difference all contributes to our own satisfaction with life . get stuck in : active engagement is a big aspect of personal wellbeing . if you really enjoy your chosen activity , you will lose yourself in it and experience a wonderful sense of ' flow ' . think about your place in the scheme of things : having a sense of meaning or purpose in life , whether it is religious , political , social , artistic or any other framework , is known to be important for wellbeing . take up mindfulness meditation : regular practice of mindfulness meditation decreases anxiety and increases calmness , working memory and flexibility of thought . take charge : start a petition , write to your mp or local councillor , or join a campaign about an issue that concerns you . we are happier if we are proactive and feel like we have a say in things . value relationships over material objects : levels of wellbeing have not risen in the uk since the 1970 's despite an increase in affluence . it 's relationships and social networks that contribute towards enduring happiness .