a catholic school teacher suspended after she wrote a facebook post claiming that gays were behind an ' agenda ' to ' reengineer western civ into slow extinction ' has been reinstated . patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity , in part after school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon , who 's his aunt . another one of jannuzzi 's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of egyptian men being beheaded and she said that ' secular materialists ( are ) making our country so weak we can not fight the dictatorship of militant islam . ' patricia jannuzzi , right , who wrote in a facebook post that gays were behind an ' agenda ' to ' reengineer western civ into slow extinction ' , has been reinstated at immaculata high school despite protests from the likes of susan sarandon . a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at immaculata high school in somerville saying jannuzzi had been reinstated , gannett new jersey reports . monsignor seamus brennan , pastor of the church of the immaculate conception , said in the letter that catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ' a way that is positive and never hurtful . ' ' tone and choice of words matter and i trust mrs. jannuzzi 's stated promise to strive always to teach in a spirit of truth and charity , ' brennan wrote . he cited jannuzzi 's ' otherwise good reputation as an educator over 30 years at immaculata ' as a factor . after school officials and diocese of metuchen bishop paul bootkoski distanced themselves from jannuzzi 's remarks , the diocese was on the end of a backlash from conservatives and traditionalists upset that the school and church did not side with their teacher against a liberal hollywood activist . jannuzzi 's family , fearing she would lose her job , raised more than $ 31,000 online . a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at immaculata high school in somerville said jannuzzi had been reinstated . monsignor seamus brennan , pastor of the church of the immaculate conception , said in the letter that catholic teachers should communicate the faith in ' a way that is positive and never hurtful ' . after bootkoski issued a statement that jannuzzi continued to receive salary and benefits and that no long-term decision over her job had been made , the catholic leader was slammed on two radio ads broadcast and accused of trying to cover up jannuzzi 's firing . in a statement posted on the fundraising page , jannuzzi 's attorney david oakley said all of the contributions would be returned . oakley said jannuzzi was ' very happy ' with the turn of events . ' i 'm delighted with the understanding , ' he said friday . ' we 're grateful to the school for engaging in the process . ' michael hichborn , president of lepanto institute , the conservative catholic group that paid for the radio ads , said on friday he was surprised by the news . sarandon 's nephew scott lyons has criticized his former school for reinstating a teacher who he accused of ' blatant intolerance for the lgbt community ' . ' that 's excellent . it was a great injustice and thank god that the right outcome came about , ' he said . ' if they changed their mind i hope it is for a matter of justice and not for a matter of looking to see which way the wind is blowing . ' the alumni petition on change.org was closed by the organizer with 1,188 signatures . in a message , organizer tom robinson declared victory . ' as a result of the petition , immaculata high school acknowledged the problem and decided to review their social media policy . due to the media firestorm that occurred , the teacher was put on administrative leave , ' he said . ' we have taken a stand and brought attention to an important subject : intolerance should not be acceptable in a public forum , especially not by a teacher who could be alienating children at the school . ' 