the troubled son of an influential san diego businessman was arrested last week for allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a local elementary school . jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect 's parents , karen and glenn doshay . glenn doshay is a minority owner of the san diego padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife . scroll down for video . caught : jack henry doshay , 22 ( left ) , was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a solana beach , california elementary school . on the right , the police sketch of the suspect before doshay was arrested . frightening : prosecutors are accusing doshay , the son of a prominent local businessman , of attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from skyline elementary school on march 23 ( seen above ) . doshay 's lawyer paul pfingst said he told his client 's parents not to show up at the hearing since it would be short , and said they are likely to attend court on thursday when their son has a bond hearing . he is currently being held without bail at the vista jail . ' the family is obviously very distressed , ' pfingst said after the arraignment , ' very distressed a young girl had that traumatic experience . ' doshay was arrested on wednesday , nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from skyline elementary school in solana beach . officials say the incident happened around 3:30pm , just as classes were letting out for the day . doshay allegedly grabbed the young girl , who has not been identified , as she was walking from class to after-school care and tried to cover her mouth with packing tape in an attempt to smother her screams . parent 's worst nightmare : make paeske is the father of the girl doshay allegedly tried to kidnap . his daughter was freed when teachers and parents overheard her screaming for help . censored : when he appeared in court on friday , reporters were not allowed to take pictures or broadcast doshay 's image . his layer paul pfingst pictured on the right . emotional issues : doshay was allegedly arrested at a residential facility on wednesday where he was seeking treatment for depression . but teachers and parents heard the girl 's cries for help and found her struggling with doshay , who in turn fled the scene in a newer model black ford flex suv . police say doshay has no connection to the girl , but that his brother lives near the school . doshay was arrested nine days after the incident , after police released a sketch with his description and got over 150 tips from the public . he was taken into custody at a residential facility where he was receiving treatment for depression . pfingst said his client has sought inpatient and outpatient treatment for depression on other occasions in the past . at a press conference following doshay 's arrest , the father of the girl he attempted to kidnap spoke out about his family 's relief and the daughter who is ' our inspiration ' and ' hero ' . ' this guy messed with the wrong girl and the wrong community , ' father mike paeske said . ' san diego county families can sleep a little better knowing that one less threat is out there on the streets . ' when doshay appeared in court on friday , reporters were barred from taking his picture or broadcasting his image . if convicted , doshay faces up to 11 years in prison .