rocker richie sambora is being investigated by police over claims he ' threatened to kill ' his former fashion designer lover . the ex bon jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ' dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' , daily mail online can exclusively reveal . sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 . his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later . police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasas confirmed to daily mail online that sambora is a ' person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal threats . scroll down for video .  everything was rosy between the ex bon jovi guitarist and his lover and business partner nikki lund last july . but lund has claimed in a statement to police that sambora recently threatened her saying he would ' dig a hole in the desert and bury her , ' daily mail online can exclusively reveal . the rock star is believed to be on vacation in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and daughter ava but faces questioning when he returns . lund , 33 , founded the nikki rich clothing line with sambora and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off personal relationship for eight years . when their affair ended it plunged the business partnership into turmoil , just as the duo were preparing to open a boutique on swank robertson boulevard . sambora 's alleged threat came just days after lund launched her first signature solo show at the opening of la fashion week on march 18 . ' they are in the midst of unraveling their fashion business nikki rich , ' a source told daily mail online . ' things have become very bitter in recent weeks . ' the threat happened in the midst of nikki launching her solo line . richie apparently went mad on the phone at her and threatened to kill her . ' he said words to the effect that he was going to dig a hole in the desert and bury her . ' nikki , a close childhood friend of kim kardashian , filed a report wednesday night with detectives from the lost hills sheriff 's station . back to back : the couple posed for the cover of the new edition of la fashion magazine before they went their separate ways . ' she held off going to cops hoping that the situation would resolve itself , ' added the source . but after advice from lawyers and business associates she made the report . ' richie has been drinking heavily for months and acting erratically . ' he has threatened violence in the past . ' nikki and kim k are friends from way back . lieutenant jennifer seetoo confirmed to daily mail online that sambora is a person of interest in the case . under californian law making criminal threats can be a felony offence punishable by up to four years in jail . ' a report was taken regarding criminal threats , ' lieutenant seetoo said . ' it 's an active investigation . ' a representative of mr. sambora said there was no truth in nikki lund 's claims . ' this is a cluster of fabricated lies in retaliation for mr sambora 's decision to cease further funding of the unprofitable partnership , plain and simple , ' said the rep . sambora suddenly quit bon jovi during their 2013 world tour because of ' personal issues ' . the new york post later reported that jon bon jovi had kicked out his longtime songwriting partner due to substance abuse issues . sambora and lund reportedly began their romance in 2006 - a year before his divorce from dynasty actress locklear was finalized . denise richards dated sambora . sambora is believed to be in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and their daughter ava . they are said to have carried on seeing each other despite sambora going on to date another hollywood beauty , denise richards . the long-time fling became public last december when lund was doing publicity for the new fashion line . the curvy blonde confessed to playboy tv : ' he 's amazing in bed ... how could you stay away from the guy ? ' their joint venture collapsed at the last moment , however , despite the pair appearing on billboards together and on the cover of los angeles fashion magazine . sambora is now dating australian guitarist orianthi despite a 26-year age difference . lund 's attorney declined to comment on the complaint . current squeeze : sambora is now dating australian guitarist orianthi despite a 26-year age difference . 