photographs taken with the very first ' secret ' handheld camera will go on display on saturday at the state library giving sydneysiders a rare chance to take a glimpse of what life in sydney looked like back in the 1800’s . the crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer , a 27-year-old man living in sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera , the detective camera . ' it was the first time people really had the opportunity to take a photograph without their subjects knowing , ’ said museum curator and historian margot riley . the detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets , defining it as a ‘ real revolution and turning point in photography . ’ ‘ the word snapshot emerged from this style of photography and the photographers were called snap shooters’ . she said the detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets , defining it as a ‘ real revolution and turning point in photography . ’ ‘ this was really the beginning of the mass photography you see today . it parallels with the way people look at the world now , always taking images with their phones , ’ she said . ‘ the word snapshot emerged from this style of photography and the photographers were called snap shooters , ’ ms riley added . she said that this was the first time people would’ve been confronted with the idea of being photographed or observed on the streets without their knowledge , spurring on early conversations about privacy laws . this was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge . the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so that it did n't draw attention from the photographers subjects . ' pesky snap shooters ' were the reason people initated early talks about surveillance and privacy . ‘ it definitely caused some controversy , ' she said . ‘ there were plenty of people being annoyed by pesky snap shooters roaming the streets , taking photos of unsuspecting people going about their business . ’ the detective camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device . it was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away . the camera was loaded , focused and ready to take a photograph at around six feet away . ‘ these photographs are very rare and unique because they represent the missing link between the old style tripod photography and kodak box photography . ’ it was the first time individuals who were n't trained in the science and chemistry of photography had the opportunity to dabble in the art . ‘ not long after this camera was marketed the roll film and kodak camera box were invented . ‘ these photographs are very rare and unique because they represent the missing link between the old style tripod photography and kodak box photography . ’ the photos taken with the hand held camera captured more natural gestures and poses giving us a better sense of the streets and a far more accurate view of our history . ‘ you get to see some really lovely scenes of youthful anticipation ' . ms riley thinks photos taken with the hand held camera captured more natural gestures and poses giving us a better sense of the streets and a far more accurate view of our history . ‘ you get to see some really lovely scenes of youthful anticipation . one of the photos shows a group of girls dressed to the nines , many with bare feet- something that was quite normal for that time . ’ she said it is important to share this link to our past to ‘ encourage people to build a bridge between then and now . ’ the candid shots give us a better look at what life was really like for sydneysiders in the 1880 's . people from the flickr community helped identify landmarks and other details in the photos to help locate where they were taken . this shot is on the corner of elizabeth and king street in sydney 's cbd . the images were collected over a period of time and were originally released on the photo hosting website flickr . they received a ' wonderful response ' from the flickr community with some members even reaching out and helping curators identify where in sydney the photos were taken . the crowd source exhibition will run from april 4 until august 23 . ‘ we want to share these images and encourage people to build a bridge between then and now’ .