all eyes were on john terry this afternoon as he made the short trip across london to face qpr in the west london derby . loftus road was the place where the chelsea skipper racially abused then qpr defender anton ferdinand in october 2011 . ferdinand 's brother rio was injured for sunday 's match . terry , who has been a crucial part of jose mourinho 's premier league title bid this season , played the full 90 minutes however as chelsea scraped a 1-0 win , but how did he get on ... john terry ( centre ) celebrates at the final whistle with didier drogba ( left ) and branislav ivanovic . reception . there was a hostile introduction for terry as the teams lined up , before a cacophony of boos rang out around the ground as he touched the ball in the opening minute . there was , however , no noticeable reaction from any of chris ramsey 's players until charlie austin made himself known to the centre-back late in the first half with a robust challenge . terry experienced a hostile atmosphere at loftus road , but put in a good display at the back for chelsea . temperament . it was a moment to cherish for the qpr fans as austin responded to an arm across the chest by shoving terry to the ground off the ball . the chelsea skipper momentarily lost his cool and berated the assistant referee to the delight of the crowd . his battle with the striker continued into the second half , with the pair taken aside for a word after squaring up to each other but it was terry who had the last laugh as cesc fabregas ' late equaliser sealed three points . the chelsea captain rises above bobby zamora to head the ball away as he dominated at the back . performance . the former england captain was rarely troubled by bobby zamora and charlie austin . although the pair were prominent throughout , a lack of pace meant terry and partner gary cahill were able to deal with everything thrown at them even though they were bailed out by thibaut cortouis at times . there was a nervy moment in the first half when a long ball over the top caught out the 34-year-old , and he was lucky his misjudged touch did n't cost the side as cahill covered , but it was a fairly comfortable day for the defender . the chelsea captain was made to stretch occasionally , but he and gary cahil dealt with qpr 's threat well . conduct . despite an obvious attempt from austin to get under the skin of terry , he largely ignored the attention surrounding him and focused solely on leading his side to an important win while handling the occasion with maturity . there were wild celebrations from terry at the final whistle as he responded to the constant jeers . terry 's combative encounter with charlie austin attracted the attention of referee andre marriner . 