this is the moment a 102-year-old woman who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time . alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen . barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows . this is the moment 102-year-old alice barker , who used to dance with the likes of frank sinatra and gene kelly , got to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time . barker ( pictured far right in the video ) snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen . but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance . she did n't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage . it was david shuff , who met barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home , that finally reunited the one-time famous dancer with her videos . after a long and unsuccessful first search , shuff connected with mark cantor , a collector of short musical films called ' soundies ' who runs the online archive jazz on film . it was then shuff and cantor discovered that barker 's videos were filed under ' baker ' , a misspelling of her name - which was why no one had been able to find them before , according to mashable . they located three of barker 's soundies , giving her the chance to finally watch her days in the chorus line , where she was almost always in the front row . ' do n't mean a thing if it ai n't got that swing , ' barker sang along as she watched one of her routines . when shuff asked her how many years she danced , barker replied ' that 's all i ever did , that was it ! ' she said said the videos made her wish she could get out of bed and ' do it all over again ' . barker ( pictured right in the video ) had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows . david shuff , who met barker years ago at her retirement home , and archivist mark cantor helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her ' soundies ' , known then as short musical videos . barker found herself needing to dance and move to music at a young age . she told shuff a story about when she was a child and her mother was preparing her for a bath . her mother had gone to the house to retrieve something when a young barker heard a band play nearby . ' when she came back i was gone , ' said barker . ' i was down there naked just going , dancing . ' ' and then , if the band would stop playing , i 'd look at them and `` come on , let 's get it going , let 's get it going here . `` ' barker said said the videos made her wish she could get out of bed and ' do it all over again ' . but the most special part for barker was getting to watch herself dance again . ' i used to often say to myself , i am being paid to do something that i enjoy doing and i would do it for free , ' she said . shuff shared barker 's story on reddit , where he wrote that the videos were now in her possession and that they are often played in her retirement center 's communal room , noting that she 's a ' rock star these days ' . he added that barker knows her videos are online now and that it made her happy because she ' feels connected to the world again ' . but the most special part for barker was getting the chance to watch herself dance again . ' i used to often say to myself , i am being paid to do something that i enjoy doing and i would do it for free , ' she said . ' because it just felt so good doing it , because that music , you know , i just get carried away in it . ' 