if dartmouth college students have the same inflated influence on presidential politics that they 've traditionally enjoyed , hillary clinton has some long days ahead in new hampshire . of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive . hillary 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats ' standard-bearer . stacey benton , a government major from florida who leans republican , said a president hillary clinton is ' just going to continue a lot of things obama has been doing . ' ' there has n't been much good in obama 's foreign policy , ' benton added . she called clinton ' grizzled ' from a life in politics and said that ' just because she 's a woman does n't mean she should be president . ' scroll down for videos . the college on the hill : dartmouth is the only ivy leage school in an early presidential primary state , making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation 's tea leaves . hello , new hampshire ! former secretary of state hillary clinton is in the granite state this week for her first swing since declaring her candidacy for the white house . twenty-two of the 50 dartmouth students interviewed on sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in benghazi , libya as a black mark on clinton 's record . many of them , like freshman cameron poole , were n't old enough to drive when it happened . ' i think there was blood on her hands , ' poole told daily mail online , referring to clinton 's handling of an islamist terror group 's military-style assault that laid waste to a state department facility . he said he believes clinton 's performance before , during and after should disqualify her from holding higher office . ' i definitely do , ' he said . ' it shows how she acts under pressure . ' like most of his classmates , poole was born during bill clinton 's second term as president . team hillary is carefully cultivating his generation 's progressives and moderates , emphasizing her grandmotherly listening skills while papering over her liabilities . poole said he knows why clinton is n't emphasizing her eight years as a presidential spouse . ' it almost seems like she tried to use the position of first lady to nudge her way into possessing political power , ' he mused , dropping hints about her ' hillarycare ' medical insurance overhaul proposal . ' but i was n't too old at the time . ' new hampshire election law allows college students to choose whether to register to vote at home or at school . many of the students daily mail online spoek with said they had n't decided yet ; but all of those wh ohad made up their mind said they would vote in the granite state . political crossroads : hanover , new hampshire is a frequent presidential primary debate site , hosting democrats in 2007 and republicans ( pictured ) in 2011 . most of the students who said they would vote for hillary clinton said they have little knowledge of her history before she led the state department . ' i do n't know that much about her political baggage , ' conceded san mateo , california native maya poddar , 19 . but she insisted that clinton would make a strong candidate because of her support for liberal positions on social issues . ' i think it 's ridiculous that we have n't progressed to the point in society where things like gay marriage are n't still questioned , ' poddar said . other left-leaning students were lukewarm or directly hostile to clinton . dartmouth college government student stacey benton said of clinton that ' just because she 's a woman does n't mean she should be president ' . robin jayaswal of portland , oregon , a budding economist , would say only that ' she definitely is one of the more qualified democrats for the position . ' robert stackhouse , a fort worth , texas native , told daily mail online that ' she does n't look like that fantastic a candidate . ' stackhouse has few quibbles about obama 's foreign policy – ' it was probably more positive than negative , ' he said – but is n't reassured by the idea of one of his secretaries of state taking over the oval office . ' it seems like she wants the job more than she would be good at it , ' said stackhouse . dartmouth , the only ivy league school in an early presidential primary state , is picture-postcard-beautiful but also isolated . hanover , new hampshire is 80 miles away from the nearest commercial airport and more than a two-hour drive from boston . so political discussions happen in a vacuum . ' we 're in a bubble here , ' one student nearing graduation told daily mail online during a sunday full of interviews in dining halls , academic study lounges and dorm rooms . the entire granite state is in some ways a closed information ecosystem , built half of boston exurbs and half of towns best described as small , smaller and smallest . manchester , the state 's biggest city , has a population that barely ticks above 100,000 . fully 70 per cent of new hampshire towns are home to fewer than 5,000 . but the first-in-the-nation primary state 's voters wield enormous influence every four years , and dartmouth is their intellectual center of gravity . clinton is visiting new hampshire on monday and tuesday for the first time since she launched her presidential campaign online a week ago . a lifetime ago : hillary clinton was first lady from 1993 to 2001 , years when today 's dartmouth college undergraduates were born . outsize influence : dartmouth sits in a town of 11,000 and remains both the northernmost and the smallest of the eight famed ivy league universities . her organization 's first seven days afloat were an experiment in rebranding a four-decades political veteran as a grinning grandma tuned in to the concerns of average voters . it 's a farcical ploy that just might work , according to julia lau , a dartmouth economics major from honolulu , hawaii . ' her life has always been in the spotlight , ' said lau . ' i think that 's why it 's really interesting that she tried to go with this `` everyday american '' campaign . ' ' everybody knows that her life has not necessarily been about the everyday american . ' lau said if clinton is the democrats ' nominee , she would more likely than not vote for her anyway . ' any attempt at trying to reach out to the everyday citizen is always going to be a good thing ... whether it 's just for show or if it 's actually genuine , ' lau said . a young woman seated next to her in a campus cafeteria listened intently and summed up the philosophy : ' fake it 'til you make it . ' answers to two questions about clinton seem to unite dartmouth students : neither her age nor her sex matters much to today 's collegiate elites . clinton would be the second-oldest u.s. president , and ' people are going to bring up her age , but that does n't really matter , ' said kevin muzzi , a democratic-leaning upperclassman from greenville , mississippi who voted for president obama in 2012 . one-percenter : ' everybody knows that her life has not necessarily been about the everyday american , ' dartmouth student julia lau said of clinton . ' age is not a huge factor for me , ' added government student alex frye of new albany , ohio . ' and i hope gender is a non-factor . i think it should be a non-factor . ' jacob cutler , a history major from maryland , said , ' it may be a historic thing , but it should n't matter . i do n't really care what the gender of the person is . it 's whether their ideas are good . ' that 's the problem , cutler added . ' she obviously has a lot of experience in a lot of ways , but what might keep her from winning is what she did with that experience , ' he said . ' under obama i really think we 've made a lot of mistakes ' with foreign policy , he explained , ' and some [ were ] under her tenure . ' ' i do n't know what she would do to change things . i think that 's for her to clear up . ' it 's early in the 2016 race , and for every student who talked with daily mail online another two said they would n't start paying close attention until the fall . in october 2011 dartmouth hosted a memorable republican primary debate that included now-forgotten names like michele bachmann and herman cain . four years earlier it was the democratic party that took over hanover for a day , back when barack obama was just finding his voice . maryland native jacob cutler , pictured with unofficial dartmouth mascot ' keggy , ' said electing the first female president ' may be a historic thing , but it should n't matter . i do n't really care what the gender of the person is ' . but sometimes lightning in new hampshire can strike early . it was in may 1987 – almost as early in the cycle as today 's candidates find themselves – when sen. gary hart 's campaign imploded during a press conference in the hanover inn , just steps from the dartmouth college green . the pothole in his road to the white house was an affair with model donna rice . their trysting spot : a boat named ' monkey business . ' there 's not a single dartmouth undergraduate today who was alive then . ' most of the things i know about her were during her time as secretary of state , ' said alex frye , a government major from new albany , ohio . ' i do n't know much about what she did as a senator , or before that . ' ' it 's hard for me to think of any particular accomplishments , ' frye told daily mail online . ' i suppose – i know she visited the most countries of any secretary of state . ' ' but when you see a bunch of messes abroad , you kind of think of who was – well , it falls under who was secretary of state at the time . '