tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy and even thanks the club 's board for ending his time at white hart lane – as the decision has led to him taking over at aston villa . levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level . but rather than express bitterness at the split , sherwood , who takes villa to north london on saturday , had nothing but praise for levy , who joined in 2001 , and his former employers . aston villa boss tim sherwood watches his players in training at bodymoor heath on thursday . midfielder tom cleverley and his team-mates warm up as they prepare to face tottenham on saturday . ' i would n't be sitting here as aston villa manager if was n't for tottenham hotspur , ' sherwood said . ' they 've been very good to me over the years . i have a lot of respect for that football club but it 's all about what i can give to aston villa at the weekend . ' i 've been in communication with daniel levy since i 've left , i have n't got a problem . he 's the chairman of the club and he makes those decisions based on what he thinks is in their best interest . ' i was there the day he walked in to the club and he made some changes about three days after that . he got rid of george graham and brought in glenn hoddle , that was in the weeks building up to the fa cup semi final . ' he is not frightened of making decisions at crucial times . he has continued with that . you have to say tottenham hotspur is a far better club now than when he found it . striker christian benteke was back in training after scoring a hat-trick against qpr on tuesday night . fabian delph takes a touch as villa 's players get put through their paces at villa 's training ground . ' i look at their results because it is a club i spent good times at . whatever has gone on , has gone on . i was relieved of my duties and walked out with my head held very high , i was pleased with what i did , but i respect the decision made by daniel levy and his board , they 've been good for me . ' they only made that decision based on what they believe is best for the football club . i have n't got to agree with it . i just move on . ' i thank them because not being there now is the reason i am at this fantastic football club . ' sherwood also praised pochettino for continuing to blood young players such as harry kane , ryan mason , and nabil bentaleb . sherwood believes mauricio pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at tottenham . defender ciaran clark ( centre ) stretches as sherwood prepares his side to visit white hart lane on saturday . ' i do look back with pride , ' added sherwood . ' especially if you 're talking about the young players who have emerged to be regulars in the first team , there are probably three or four who are first names on that team sheet . that gives me immense pride . ' you have to give a lot of credit to pochettino for sticking with them boys also . a lot of managers would have gone ' no thank you , give me some of those players who end in an i or an o from foreign countries , who might not be as good as these young players ' . but he has n't , he 's stuck to plan , and i 've got to give him a lot of credit for that . ' i think i was right because they 've emerged as top talents . harry kane was exceptional . these are players who cost the club nothing , probably a hundred grand between them on what they 've eaten through the years in that canteen ! that 's all . ' 