the arkansas judge who posted private details of charlize theron 's adoption of her son has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction in a separate case . by surrendering his licence , circuit judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction , for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july . maggio , 52 , sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community over the past several years . charlize theron pictured with jackson , the boy she adopted from her native south africa . michael maggio revealed the hollywood actress had adopted two months before she announced it publically . theron with her partner sean penn . maggio initially pretended a friend had been the judge who oversaw the star 's adoption hearing . using the under the pseudonym ' geauxjudge ' , maggio made the comments on the on a louisiana state university fan message board . his comments in january 2012 divulged details of theron 's adoption - two months before she publicly released the information . on the message board , maggio said a ' judge friend ' had handled theron 's adoption , before admitting that he was also involved in the case . when a poster asked if she had adopted a black child , he said that she had . such proceedings are confidential in arkansas . theron adopted the boy , jackson , from her native south africa . in a june 2011 posting , ' geauxjudge ' suggested that women who seek divorces after their husbands cheat may be better off financially by staying married . ' i see it everyday , ' he wrote . ' a woman makes ( an ) emotional decision to divorce because the husband stepped out . when otherwise he was a good provider , father , and husband . ' then a year or two later realizes uh oh i am worse off financially , emotionally and relationship wise but hey they showed that sob . too many times the women get their advice from other divorced women . ' in another , maggio , who has three sons and two daughters from a previous relationship and lives with his partner , dawn , made derogatory comments about women , saying they needed to take care of a man 's two basic needs for sex and food , adding : ' it takes two to pull the wagon ' . responding to a story about a woman who was arrested for allegedly having sex with a dog , ' geauxjudge ' wrote that it was ' just a small step ' from having ' tgglbs ' sex , an apparent reference to transgender , gay , lesbian or bisexual sex . two months after he pleaded guilty to federal bribery charges maggio filed a request with the arkansas supreme court in march to voluntarily surrender his law licence in order to ' avoid the expense , stress and publicity of further addressing his [ bribery ] conviction ' , according to court notes . now he has been completely barred from practising law in arkansas and removed from the state 's registry of licensed attorneys . a call to his lawyer for comment by the associated press was not immediately returned yesterday . theron with jackson in la in february . adoption proceedings are confidential in arkansas but maggio leaked details of the actress 's hearing . maggio , who has five children from a previous relationship , is pictured with his partner , dawn , left and right . postings on the website tigerdroppings.com show maggio discussing confidential information about theron 's adoption application . prosecutors in maggio 's bribery case said he accepted campaign donations from nursing home owner michael morton and a lobbyist in exchange for reducing a jury award in a negligence case . in that case , maggio reduced the jury award from $ 5.2 million to $ 1 million in a lawsuit stemming from the death of a nursing home patient . campaign finance records showed morton 's political action committees contributed money to maggio 's campaign for the arkansas court of appeals . the family of the woman who died , martha bull , filed a lawsuit late last year against maggio , nursing home owner michael morton and lobbyist gilbert baker protesting the reduction of the award . a circuit court judge dismissed maggio from the civil case last month , but not the other two defendants , saying maggio had judicial immunity because he was acting in his official capacity as a judge .