arizona officials who botched an investigation into the rape of a 13-year-old girl - allowing her rapist to continue to assault her for four years - have agreed to pay her $ 3.5 million . the payout by maricopa county , which was revealed on wednesday , comes after it emerged that patrick morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl , his niece , and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case . her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by sheriff joe arpaio 's office over a three-year period ending in 2007 . morrison , from mesa , first raped his niece sabrina morrison in march 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her . payout : sabrina morrison , pictured left in an interview in 2012 , will receive $ 3.5 million after sheriff 's deputies failed to arrest her uncle , patrick morrison , right , after he raped her when she was 13 . even though the kit showed traces of semen , the sheriff 's deputies did not collect a blood sample from patrick morrison - as requested by the lab - and left him walking the streets . sabrina 's mother , vikki morrison , said her daughter was known to make up stories , so when sheriff 's deputies told her the rape kit had shown no evidence of a rape , she believed them . ' i was told straight to my face there was no evidence of any trauma or any sexual assault , so we thought she was lying the whole time , ' she told cbs5az in a 2012 interview . it meant that for the next four years , morrison continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009 . but because of physical complications , the baby was aborted . he threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the assaults , sabrina said as she spoke out about the ordeal in 2012 . her family said she was acting out so badly , that she was sent to live in a group home . finally , four years after the initial attack , the case was re-opened and deputies gathered the blood sample from morrison . the following year , he was arrested . victim : sabrina , pictured as a child , told a teacher she had been raped when she was 13 but authorities falsely said there was no evidence of the attack . it meant her uncle continued to rape her for four years . locked up : the case was re-opened in 2011 and morrison , pictured in court , was sentenced to 24 years . he pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation and two counts of attempted child molestation and was sentenced to 24 years in prison . ' that slipped through the cracks , we did due diligence after the fact that we found out , and we acted on it , ' sheriff joe arpaio explained at a wednesday press conference . but the family was outraged . ' how do you feel when you find out your daughter 's been telling you the truth and you did n't know it the whole time ? ' vikki morrison asked in the cbs interview . sabrina 's family filed a lawsuit against the department . the lawsuit alleged that the subsequent attacks on the girl could have been avoided if arpaio 's office arrested the suspect after he first abused her in march 2007 . ' an eighth-grader could have solved this case , ' attorney charles surrano said . ' they sat on the evidence , closed the case and never obtained the sample necessary to have the dna testing done . ' the decision to resolve the lawsuit marks the latest in a long string of legal settlements against arpaio 's office . anger : sabrina 's mother , vikki morrison , said the sheriff 's department had told her a rape kit showed there was no trace the teenager had been attacked , so she thought her daughter was lying . the county had previously paid more than $ 68 million in judgments , settlements and legal fees for the sheriff 's office during arpaio 's 22-year tenure . some settlements resolved lawsuits filed over the treatment of inmates in arpaio 's jails and the sheriff 's failed corruption investigations of political foes . the settlement wednesday applies only to sabrina morrison 's lawsuit . it 's unknown whether other victims in the botched investigations have filed similar lawsuits . the sheriff reflected on the legacy of the botched investigations at a wednesday news conference , which was called to discuss a recent jail beating . ' we 're talking about old history , but sometimes you learn from old history , ' arpaio said of the bungled cases . ' you try to do everything you can to hope that it never happens again . ' he said he hopes the settlement money will go toward helping the victim and characterized the case 's resolution as a good business decision , considering the girl 's family had sought $ 30 million . hot water : her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by the office of sheriff joe arpaio ( pictured ) over a three-year period ending in 2007 . the sheriff apologized in december 2011 for the bungled cases , and his office has since said it has moved to clear up the investigation and taken steps to prevent the problem from happening again . an internal review attributed the failures to understaffing and mismanagement . a former supervisor says her investigators were pulled away from time to time to help with training efforts and arpaio 's immigrant-smuggling squad . but maricopa county supervisor steve gallardo said the sheriff failed to apologize to sabrina morrison as the settlement was reached , fox10 reported . ' it 's unconscionable that a mentally challenged girl be raped for four years… and law enforcement failed to act , ' he said . the sheriff rejected the claim . ' [ gallardo has ] always been blasting me for the last five years , you do n't think he 'll say `` thank you sheriff for rescuing all the animals , '' or `` sheriff we feel sorry for your detectives '' , ' said arpaio .