drunks who repeatedly turn up at a & e should be fined to pay for treating for their injuries , nigel farage has claimed . the ukip leader , who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes , said that it was a ‘ reasonable proposition’ to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . he also revealed he is finding the election campaign ‘knackering’ , as polls suggest support for ukip is on the slide . ukip leader nigel farage , who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes , said that it was a ‘ reasonable proposition’ to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . ukip supporters should consider switching to back the tories in areas where their party can not win , nigel farage has suggested . the ukip leader said his backers had to use their vote ' as wisely as they can ' , and urged them to do what they can to secure a referendum on the european union . david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the tories , the only party able to deliver an eu vote . in an interview with the sunday telegraph , conceded his ukip supporters could back conservative candidates in areas where there is no chance of winning . he said : ' of course , it 's a complex electoral system and people have to use their votes as wisely as they can . '' mr farage suggested that ukip mps could prop up a tory government to keep ed miliband out of power . ' if the tories were the biggest party , and we helped to make up the numbers and this country had a full , free and fair referendum , that would be an infinitely better position . ' there were nearly 60,000 assaults on nhs staff in 2011-12 and alcohol-related hospital admissions have now topped a million a year – a rise of 510,000 in a decade . politicians from across the political spectrum have backed the idea of fining or charging people who visit a & e after drinking too much , but doctors leaders warn the plan is unworkable . it would also cast doubt on the principle that the nhs is free at the point of use . mr farage said he would support the idea of charging for treating drunks , but only persistent troublemakers . he told the sunday people : ‘ it would n't be for first-time offenders , '' he told the sunday people in an exclusive interview . `` we were all young once . but for a second offence it 's a reasonable proposition . '' but he rejected the idea of issuing fines for people who miss gp appointments . ‘ that would not be practical . chasing up fines would cost too much money . the nhs has huge problems but i 'm totally for an nhs free at the point of delivery . ’ lib dem health minister norman lamb last year suggested a £50 levy on drunks . he warned that people who ‘gratuitously’ consume too much alcohol , especially at the weekends , were putting a ‘huge’ burden on hospitals . tory health secretary jeremy hunt signalled that he was open to the idea of fining those who cost taxpayers through their own ‘irresponsibility’ . ‘ i have a great deal of sympathy for the people who say we should charge people who use a & e because they go over the top on a friday or a saturday night , ’ he said . ‘ i don’t see why we , as taxpayers , should be funding that . ’ lib dem health minister norman lamb and tory health secretary jeremy hunt have both signalled they are open to fining drunks who cause problems in a & e . gordon miles , chief executive of the college of emergency medicine , said in september that the proposal would be ‘ very tricky’ . he added : ‘ for example they had a couple of glasses of wine , fell and really hurt themselves ? the priority is treating them . ‘it’s all very well saying these people are a huge burden on hospitals which they are , and a & e staff do face challenging situations . ' but there are many other ways we need to tackle alcohol abuse before it gets to hospital . ’ in a separate interview with the sunday telegraph , mr farage admitted that he tries to drink every day . he also admitted he was feeling the strain of the election campaign , which has been dogged by botched events and falling poll ratings . asked if he has a pint of bitter every lunchtime , he replied : `` generally - i try to . i like adnam 's . young 's . master brew . `` he also admitted he was feeling the strain of the election campaign . ' of course it 's a bit knackering , i am not superhuman , ' he said . ukip has struggled in recent days with misfiring campaign launches , angry protests and falling poll ratings . the latest comres survey for the mail put the party on 12 per cent , level with the lib dems for the first time in two years . it marks a sharp fall from the 19 per cent recorded in october , when mr farage boasted he was making inroads across the country .