a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away . ' get out the water ! ' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach , and for a long time to no avail , until they finally spot the danger as the shark 's chase leads it too close to them for comfort . while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them , the swimmers were n't willing to stick around to confirm it . two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off florida . the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony . hammerheads are largely harmless to humans , but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it . ' yeah , now run , ' said one of the group of men watching and filming the shark as it displayed the full range of its agility in pursuit of the fish , perhaps a small stingray , one of the species ' favourite foods . ' i think they finally figured it out , ' said another of the residents at the silver beach towers . ' that is a massive shark , and it came all the way up to knee level . ' destin is a resort town in okaloosa county , florida , on the peninsula that separates the gulf of mexico from choctawhatchee bay . while their hearts may have been racing once they were safely on the beach , the florida museum of natural history 's international shark attack file lists 17 unprovoked attacks on humans by hammerheads , with none of them fatal . ' yeah , now run , ' said one of the group of men watching as the hammerhead ramped up its chase of the fish . the swimmers are surely relieved once on shore , although serious injury was highly unlikely . only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans , the scalloped , great , and smooth hammerheads . it 's a different story with great white , tiger or bull sharks , which are considered the `` big three '' when it comes to shark attacks claiming the majority of fatalities for swimmers and surfers . 