a nevada woman received a $ 200 ticket after she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers . so what sort of beauty product was she applying while stopped at a red light ? lip balm . stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol ( nhp ) trooper . scroll down for video . stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by in las vegas , nevada . a nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $ 200 ticket to fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light . the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 . fragoso said she initially thought the whole thing was a joke , but figured out it was no laughing matter after she was issued the $ 200 citation , 8 news now reported . she said : ' i told him it was chapstick . ' he said , ''it could have been anything ; you could have been drinking water , shaving your legs . '' ' the ticket caused fragoso to receive points against her driving record . the crackdown is part of a campaign for the state to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 , cbs las vegas reported . distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension . nhp trooper loy hixson said : ' we have zero tolerance for distracted drivers . ' they put themselves and everyone else who uses our valley roadways at risk of serious injury or even death . ' nevada 's goal is and always will be zero fatalities . ' distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension for subsequent offenses within a seven-year period . penalties may be increased if the alleged violation occurs in a work zone . trooper hixson added : ' i have seen men shaving with their electric razors . ' one time , when i was driving down us 95 , i saw a lady watching a movie on her ipad and the ipad was attached to her steering wheel with velcro . '