preconceptions , i find , can be really unhelpful , so before travelling to the datai , a luxury hotel in malaysia , i decided not to find out anything about it . i preferred instead to be delighted - or otherwise - on arrival . i was travelling with my old mucker doon mackichan ( from smack the pony , plebs , the day today ) . our paths first crossed almost 30 years ago as rookies on the comedy circuit , but since then we have , by chance , both acquired part-time homes in the same seaside town . it is doon who has taught me to stride like a warrior into the freezing channel . luxury personified : the datai hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city , says maria mcerlane . setting off for the far east , there was something of the hinge and bracket about us , blithering away in actressy tones , trying to charm the air malaysia crew into granting us a cheeky upgrade . ( which failed . ) but that was soon forgotten and the joy of leaving britain behind in cold mid-december was fully realised when we disembarked into the densely tropical humidity of langkawi . after a 30-minute taxi ride through darkness and impenetrable forests , the datai appeared with all the colour and wonder of the emerald city . full-size carved horses illuminated by antique torches guarded the entrance , as beautiful silk sari-clad malaysian staff welcomed us with cocktails . in the background , the ubiquitous lobby pianist/singer warbled away to i just called to say i love you . a minor note of tedium . langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea , 20 miles off the coast of malaysia . in 2007 it was given world geopark status by unesco . the datai hotel and resort is in the north west of the island . maria mcerlane ( left ) with painter doon mackichan at the datai hotel in malaysia . this paradise in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest was created in 1990 . designed by australian architect kerry hill around datai bay - a white sandy crescent beach voted one of the ten most beautiful in the world , with its magnificent backdrop of jungle and mountains - the resort took three years to complete . to minimise its impact on the jungle , hill limited the size of the main building and added 40 villas over the extensive grounds , along with restaurants and a spa alongside a creek . he sourced wood , marble and stone from across the island and mainland malaysia to create mayan walls , malay roofs and japanese screens . the result sees soft , subtle colours creating an atmosphere throughout of calm tranquillity , offset by genuine animal sounds that could well come from a now that 's what i call jungle noises volume 1 . leaving the main building behind , we were taken by golf buggy down the ' yellow brick roads ' through the enchanted forest , across bridges , and past waterfalls and freshwater streams to our elegant beach villa where we were met by our butlers . keen to revive our weary bones , doon asked if it was safe to swim . ' no , ' came the answer . ' why not ? ' she questioned , expecting to be told of danger . ' because it is dark , ' the butler replied with a smile . spot of swimming anyone ? the andaman ocean turns out to be the perfect choice for a dip at any time . clearly he does n't know doon . she has been part of a team swimming the channel in extreme conditions and also took part in the world ice swimming championships in finland ( ' you can feel your body slowing down as hypothermia begins to set in ' , she boasts ) . she is made of stern stuff . despite it being close to midnight , we ran down to the beach , disrobing and squealing , before plunging into the silky-smooth andaman sea . phosphorescence streamed through the water , illuminating our limbs as we swam towards the lights of thailand on the horizon . it was a magical beginning to our holiday . back at our opulent balinese-meets-new england villa , we were quite overcome by the super-sized beds , hot outdoor showers , plunge pool , bose sound system , zillionthread soft cotton sheets , quietly whirring wooden fans , high-tech lighting ( we longed for a light switch ) and blackout blinds . buggies can be summoned at a moment 's notice , but the next morning we preferred a stroll on the beach , through the jungle , along wooden walkways and up the 139 mayan temple-inspired steps to breakfast . clutching our nature books , we were serenaded by squawking macaques and doe-eyed dusky leaf monkeys swinging from tarzan vines through the trees . first class display : the pair were serenaded by doe-eyed dusky leaf monkeys in the trees . brahminy kites and green imperial pigeons flew overhead , and we both leapt back in horror when a three foot long monitor lizard slithered across the path into the undergrowth . it really was a first-class display from the jungle inhabitants . after breakfast on the terrace , we took mountain bikes and cycled to the resort 's golf course . golf is not really my thing , but if you know your sand wedge from your nine iron , this course is fantastic - everything is groomed to within an inch of a stepford wife . in fact , the els club teluk datai has been voted the best ' new ' golf course in the world . having ignored the warning to keep all doors and windows closed , doon arrived back at the villa to find a scene of devastation : a monkey burglary . every drawer had been wrenched open , newspapers shredded , jars unscrewed , suitcase contents scattered and chocolates eaten - tiny slivers of silver paper being the only remains of a toblerone . doon had painted a watercolour earlier that morning which the monkeys had ' relieved ' themselves on . we did n't need a forensics team to identify our uninvited guests as chocolatey paw prints were everywhere . i was secretly rather thrilled with their ingenuity . after such excitement , a sea dip was needed before several beach club cocktails and much embellished recounting of ' monkeygate ' . the four restaurants at the datai are overseen by executive chef richard millar . there 's the beach club specialising in mediterranean and international cuisine ; the gulai house , tucked into the forest and offering intensely flavoursome malay and indian offerings ; the dining room in the main building ; and the pavilion , a restaurant on 100ft-high balau stilts erected with the help of elephants ( yes , really ) . doon remarked that it resembled a ' birds ' nest in the sky ' , albeit one that serves traditional thai cuisine . such was our commitment to sampling all the restaurants , we both managed to gain half a stone in a week . maria heads to the beach after a lazy breakfast . the most pleasing element of our beach view was the lack of visiting boats , save for the naga pelangi ( rainbow dragon ) , a traditional wooden malaysian junk schooner hand-built in the boatyards of duyung island on the east coast of malaysia . we were invited aboard for a trip to the geopark to watch brown eagles feed and , in doon 's case , to find dolphins . her chosen method to summon these creatures was to serenade them in full operatic mode with songs from carmen - an impressive but futile exercise as they stayed away . if the many activities at the datai become too much , gentler pursuits are on offer , such as an 8am nature walk that teaches participants the ways of the forest . for me , however , it was a bit early for concentration , so i excused myself and enjoyed a lazy breakfast . later , in the bathroom , a bean bagsized frog fell from the air-con vent on to my head before hopping on to the cistern , blinking into the daylight : a reminder , were one needed , of the herculean task it must be preventing the jungle from taking back its land . during our stay , in a futile attempt to counter the calorific intake , we swam morning , noon and night . one longer excursion across the tranquil datai bay with flippers and snorkels resulted in us being spiked by sea urchins and stung by jellyfish . neither incident was a huge deal , but the datai nurses were on hand within moments of us returning to land , and even took time to check on us the following day . before leaving datai , we squeezed in a trip to the spa , which is open to the jungle . i could see the creek below and hear the monkeys gossiping . the ubiquitous plinky-plonky spa musak was quickly redundant when the heavens open and the full rainforest orchestra began its symphony in earnest . during my 90-minute treatment - a ramuan massage - i 'm not sure i have ever been , nor will ever be again , in such a state of zen relaxation . the datai was truly special . mystical , spiritual , romantic , luxurious , life-affirming ... and fattening . we ca n't wait to go back . experience travel group ( experiencetravelgroup.com , 020 3468 6268 ) offers seven nights ' b & b at the datai from £1,999 per person , including return flights from heathrow and transfers .  