a mother-of-one crippled by her 30-year phobia of snakes was cured live on tv today in an astonishing ten minutes . before today , dawn williamson , 39 and based in scotland , could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking , and would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day . but viewers of itv1’s this morning were amazed as therapists nik and eva speakman broke down dawn’s phobia with their no-nonsense approach , which involved ' proving ' to dawn that her fear was irrational . trimuph : dawn williamson ( centre ) , 39 , was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on tv today by therapists nik and eva speakman in an astonishing ten minutes . at the beginning of the show , dawn - who was hooked up to a heart monitor throughout - broke down in tears at the mere sight of a plastic snake , which sent her heart rate soaring . by the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap , leaving hosts philip schofield and amanda holden gob-smacked . 'it’s a miracle , ' amanda said . ' the results have been absolutely extraordinary . ' dawn , who is now able to take her seven-year-old daughter on a dream holiday to florida later this year thanks to her treatment , said : ' all my life i’ve been terrified of snakes . ' but to sit down with one on my knee is just unbelievable . ' the speakmans have now helped 60 people overcome there fears and phobias live on tv , from balloons and snowmen , to frogs and spiders . but today’s was the first time viewers have been able to see the process in action . lifelong phobia : dawn had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched b-movie venom when she was seven years old . therapy : when presented with a tray of plastic snakes ( pictured ) she shook with fear and broke down in tears . nik said : ' usually we’ll go into another room away from the cameras , and spend a bit more time with the person and it can take a fair amount of time . ' but this time we spent just ten minutes going through it with dawn , so viewers can see how we did it . it was very special as dawn was the 60th person we’ve treated . we were thrilled at the result . ' the speakmans had never met dawn , from scotland until five minutes before the show and knew nothing about her phobia until they saw a vt recorded in dawn’s home , showing how her life was being blighted by her phobia , known as ophidiophobia . dawn had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched b-movie venom when she was seven years old , she explained . ' if i see a snake on tv , i immediately have to get my feet up , the tv turned over . then i’ll go to bed that night i’ll be checking under the covers . ' i also check in the wardrobe where we keep all the shoes because you just never know , they could be hiding in there . i’ll check in my boots , give them a wee shake , make sure there’s nothing in there . ' obsessive : dawn used to compulsively check her home for snakes , and would frequently shake her boots to make sure they were n't hiding any . philip asked her : ' do you find it irrational ? i don’t know when a snake was last found in a loo in scotland . ' dawn replied : ' yes . but i read a story in a newspaper once that someone had found a pet snake in the toilet , so ever since then i’ve checked . ' dawn was then asked by philip to scribble down the word snake on a piece of paper - sending her heart rate soaring from 90 to over 130 . she was also shown clips of carl fogerty with a snake slithering over him in the i’m a celebrity jungle , as well as having to confront a tray of plastic toy snakes which made dawn shake with fear and break down in tears . eva continued the session by getting dawn to concede that her fear of snakes was indeed irrational , before pointing out the irony that in hunting for snakes around the house , she was seeking out her fear . irrational ? dawn also used to check under the loo seat every time she was about to use it , despite living in scotland , which is not known for it 's teeming serpent population . 'what’s happened is that you watched a film when you were seven years old and you reacted and created a schema , ' eva explained . ' the reason you now react irrationally is because you’re actually consulting a seven-year-old on how to react when you see a snake . '  dawn was then asked to talk about venom , the horror movie which ignited her fear of snakes in the first place , in which a snake kills everyone involved . nik then asked : ' so just from that one event , watching that film you’re frightened of snakes ? 'you’ve been scratched by your cat but you 're not frightened of it . what’s a snake ever done to you ? ' he added : 'you’re frightened of something that’s never hurt you , something that you’ve never physically held , that you only saw in a film when you were seven years of age . does that make sense ? ' essentially , for 30 years , you have victimised snakes for no reason at all . ' relief : after accepting that her fear of snakes was irrational , dawn was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap . logic : eva ( right ) explained that it was essential to their techniques that the person being treated can feel the difference and see the evidence for themselves that they have overcome their fear . the speakmans then held up a series of pictures of snakes to test dawn’s reaction . to everyone 's amazement she remained calm and said : ' i can look at it . ' nik remarked : ' this is the difference between seeing a snake through the eyes of a 30-odd year-old woman and not a seven-year-old child . you’re looking confused right now . 'that’s because you 've spent 30 years believing something that essentially is not true . ' dawn was then presented with a tank of live snakes , and admitted that although ' bizarre ' , she was no longer has a phobia of them . at the end of the show , producers brought out a giant , 9ft-long burmese python which laid across the laps of dawn and the speakman’s , with dawn stroking the python . remarkably , her heart rate stayed below 100 . ' i never thought i’d be able to hold one , ' she said . eva explained that it was essential to their techniques that the person being treated can feel the difference and see the evidence for themselves that they have overcome their fear . she added : 'it’s about proving to the person that their fears are completely irrational . '