a college basketball coach , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the ncaa championship game . illinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday . the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis , and ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game . he posted a picture of an aircraft different to the cessna on twitter with the words ' my ride to the game was n't bad ' . bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year-old daughter . isu 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , aaron leetch , was also killed in the crash about two miles away from central illinois regional airport . scroll down for video . ward tweeted out what appears to be a different aircraft to the cessna just before the national championship game tipped off . killed : illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward , left , and businessman scott bittner , right , were killed in the crash . a small plane on its way back from indianapolis , indiana , crashed near the city of bloomington in central illinois . the plane , a cessna 414 ( example pictured ) , was on its way back from the ncaa championship basketball game . all seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner , according to mclean county sheriff jon sandage . the other three occupants were jason jones , andy butler and tom hileman , wjbc reported . jones worked for wells fargo , butler was a regional representative for sprint and hileman was the pilot . scott barrows , the father-in-law of bittner , said his son-in-law had a regular pilot , the chicago tribune reported . his son-in-law owned a meat processing business called bittner’s meat company , which is a division of eureka locker , the pantagraph reported . he met barrows ' daughter at illinois state university . barrows said : ' they were supposed to land around midnight . ' my daughter was called at 4am . there was no contact . ' it has been confirmed they are dead . ' she 's in shock , obviously . ' it 's going to be tough , but we 'll be there for them . ' i 'll be there for our grandchildren . ' isu 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , aaron leetch ( pictured above ) , was also killed in the crash . isu 's director of athletics , larry lyons said : ' the redbird family and the bloomington-normal community has suffered a terrible loss today . we will miss aaron and torrey deeply , and we will support their families ' . terry stralow ( pictured ) , who was the co-owner of pub ii in normal , has been confirmed as among the dead . pub ii waitress maddie degaealu and longtime customerken hoffacker embrace while comforting each other . pub ii waitress amanda leggett ( left ) and emily schroeder ( right ) cry prior to decorating the exterior of the bar . before coming to illinois state in 2012 , ward coached as an assistant for five seasons at ole miss . he also played professionally in china after playing his college ball at uab . like bittner , ward is survived by two children . isu 's director of athletics , larry lyons said : ' the redbird family and the bloomington-normal community has suffered a terrible loss today . aaron leetch was a shining star in this business . he had a gift in dealing with people and building relationships . our external units were making incredible progress under his leadership , and he was on that trip doing what he does best . torrey ward was a big part of the success taking place with our men 's basketball program . he had a big personality , was a talented coach and recruiter , and our fans loved him . our hearts go out to the families and loved ones of those involved . there is no play in the playbook for times like these . we will miss aaron and torrey deeply , and we will support their families in any way that we can . to honor their individual and collective legacies , we will move the redbirds and our community forward . ' jason jones ( left ) worked for wells fargo . all seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner . andy butler was a regional representative for sprint . he was one of seven people killed in the deadly crash . the federal aviation administration and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash . bittner bought the meat business in 1994 and worked alongside his employees on a daily basis . stralow was the co-owner of pub ii in normal . the twin engine plane belonged to his father terry bittner , according to reports . in 2005 , bittner’s became the only “ processing facility” in the state of illinois to receive an organic processing certificate , according to the company 's website . the company processed hams , bacon , beef sticks and other foods , farm show reported . the faa and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash . mclean county sheriff 's department sheriff jon sandage and coroner kathy davis spoke at a press conference . there were seven people on the plane when it crashed around 12am , including bittner , a father of two children . the men on the plane watched the duke blue devils hoist the championship trophy after defeating wisconsin .