when dr michael shannon saved chris trokey 's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago , he could never have known that the favor would one day be returned . but in 2011 , dr shannon was trapped in his burning suv after it was t-boned by a semi-truck , when trokey , now an orange county fire authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive . their incredible story was shared by ktla after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in rancho santa margarita , california on sunday . reunited : chris trokey , second left , saved the life of dr michael shannon , pictured center , with fellow paramedics ( pictured ) in 2011 - thirty years after the doctor saved his life as a newborn . the two men greeted each other like old friends before having their heads shaved for the st. baldrick 's foundation . they recalled how , exactly four years prior , dr shannon had been driving on pacific coast highway in dana point when he was hit by a truck and pinned beneath it in his vehicle . firefighters from paramedic engine 29 - of which trokey was a part - responded to the fire and managed to stop the flames and cut him out of the car . but trokey was unaware of who he had saved until he went to the hospital , where dr shannon spent more than a month recuperating . ' i was like , `` oh my gosh , dr . shannon ? '' ' trokey told ktla . wreckage : trokey was one of the paramedics who treated dr shannon and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month - after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in this burning suv . firm friends : the two men caught up last sunday when they both took part in a fundraising event . they had met many years before - when trokey was born weighing just 3.2 pounds and his pediatrician - dr. shannon - stayed with the baby around the clock to make sure he survived . ' it 's amazing to watch them all grow up , but to have one come back in your life , on a day you really need it , that 's really incredible , ' shannon said . he added to yahoo : ' i do believe that things are supposed to happen when they do . i see examples of this almost daily in my life and practice . ' trokey said that dr shannon is now pediatrician for his own newborn son . the duo joined dozens of others to have their heads shaved on sunday , raising a total of $ 12,000 .