alastair cook insists he is ' refreshed ' by this winter 's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm . england can only hope their test captain has benefited indeed , because he can expect to have precious little time for the remainder of this year to regain that sort of perspective . cook has had a taste already of what is to come , first of all in three caribbean tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to new zealand , before england somehow try this summer to regain the ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14 . england captain alastair cook in training in basseterre as his team prepare for the west indies test series . cook addresses the media at warner park in basseterre ahead of england 's caribbean tests . cook ( right ) and jonathan trott walk out for a nets session as england prepare for their series . april 6-7 st kitts & nevis invitation xi ( 3pm bst ) . 8-9 st kitts & nevis invitation xi ( 3pm bst ) . 13-17 1st test , antigua ( 3pm bst ) . 21-25 2nd test , grenada ( 3pm bst ) . may 1-5 3rd test , barbados ( 3pm bst ) . to date , he is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference , alongside coach peter moores , back into the regime he departed for three months after his christmas axing as england 's world cup captain . as cook , moores and their playing and management colleagues reconvened at gatwick airport on thursday , the captain 's first task was to field questions on a series of topics unlikely to go away any time soon . he made 79 in his last test innings , part of a wide-margin and third successive victory at home to india last summer , and will be a record-breaker for the foreseeable future as england 's most prolific centurion . it was cook himself , however , who helpfully pointed out those facts will be irrelevant when he next walks out to open the innings for his country . before and after that moment , he will be beset by the endless stream of enquiries - about his own poor form of the past two years , his and moores ' future , the remarks of outspoken new england and wales cricket board chairman colin graves ... and , of course , kevin pietersen . alastair cook smiles while fielding during england 's test series with india last summer . cook bats during the fifth test against india at the oval last year . the speculation over whether kevin pietersen will return to the england fold will overshadow the tour . the wonder is whether cook can clear his mind sufficiently to defend his wicket against the new ball , or dispatch a wide one . that ability , though , is what sets apart batsmen of his calibre - and he can only keep telling himself he has the track record to prove it . ' that 's what i 've got to do ... at the top of the order you 're paid to score runs , and i 'd love to get back to that . ' every time you go out to bat you start on nought . ' the record you have in the past counts for nothing when you walk out there . ' cook waved what he hoped would be a brief goodbye to moores , less than a week before turning 30 on christmas day , still apparently full of optimism - despite an unsuccessful tour of sri lanka - that he would be retained to complete the task he had been set three-and-a-half years earlier , to lead england to the world cup . cook struggled for form playing for the mcc against yorkshire in abu dhabi last month . cook will hope england can regain the ashes when they face australia later this summer . the tinsel could barely have been in place around him , wife alice and their baby daughter at their rural home before he discovered he would be staying on well into the new year after all . back to work last week , after england 's world cup embarrassment without him and off his own bat after those two brief innings for mcc against champion county yorkshire in abu dhabi , cook could do little else than try to impart a little positive spin on events . ' it 's been a different couple of months from what i thought i would have before christmas . ' every cloud has a huge silver lining , and spending three months at home has been fantastic . ' it 's been living a normal life again - which i have n't had for quite a long time - and it 's been great , spending time with family and friends and being at home . ' it 's been refreshing , but the challenge now is that a lot 's gone on since that last win against india at the oval . cook pictured in conversation with england head coach peter moores during a nets session on sunday . cook ( centre ) takes part in a fielding drill at warner park in basseterre , saint kitts and nevis . ' to say we can get back there straight away is going to be a challenge for the players and for the leadership , with me and mooresy , to try to do that . ' it is a moot point whether graves ' words will help them or not . he spelled out in the weeks before england 's first venture of an outrageously hectic year that , should cook 's tourists fail to beat the ' mediocre ' opposition they are set to face in the windies , there will be ' inquiries ' . encouraged or otherwise by that , cook is experienced enough to know - especially after england 's disappointments and struggles since they won their last home ashes series - that success will be hard-earned and is no foregone conclusion . reminded of the chairman 's synopsis , he said : ' anyone who has to cross over the line and face 90 mph bowling from kemar roach will have a different view of that . ' we know that winning any series away from home will take a lot of skill and effort . ' 