it 's not cheap at £7million but whoever buys this exclusive georgian mansion is buying more than just a home - they 're buying the exact same view depicted in john constable 's £23million painting salisbury cathedral from the meadows . the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon , backing onto the meadow where john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral . the property agents say they 'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres , on the market now for £6.95million . but it 's nothing compared to the £23.1million that the tate paid in 2013 for the painting , inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s , now on show at the national museum of wales , cardiff . expensive taste : this historic house in one of britain 's most exclusive postcodes is up for sale for £6.95million . walton canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years but is now on the market with property agent savills . inspiring view : the incredible view of salisbury cathedral from the front of the 18th century home that comes complete with 1.6 acres . work of art : the painting inspired by a view from the meadow that was bought by the tate for 23.1million in may 2013 . built around 1720 , it was named after isaac walton , son of the writer izaak who wrote the compleat angler and lived in the medieval house that occupied the site beforehand . cathedral close was frequented by constable in the 1820s after his close personal friend , the bishop of salisbury , commissioned him for another painting , salisbury cathedral from the bishop 's grounds . but he later created the more dramatic painting from the meadow with an ominous sky that many art experts believe reflected the turbulent state of his life at the time . walton canonry is also known as whistler 's house , because it was home to the prominent 20th century painter rex whistler , who leased the home and featured many local landmarks in his work . the first freehold owner was lesley macdonagh , one of the city 's top legal figures , who bought it in 2007 for £3.7million and after a painstaking renovation , made a £2.55million profit when she sold it for £6.3million to the current owners who run a charitable foundation . through the keyhole : this is one of the luxurious rooms in walton cannonry , stylishly decorated in off-white with gold and wood trim . the wood-panelled walls are an insight into the tastes of the wealthy and powerful people throughout history who have lived in this classic home . among the previous owners are artist rex whistler and author leslie thomas . pristine gardens from the back of the property . with a water feature , perfectly trimmed hedges and paths arched with brick and trellis , the garden is one of the luxurious home 's best features . the house , which is 8,147 sq ft , has six bedrooms , two kitchens , a drawing room , dining room , study , office , library , media room and wine cellar , as well as a separate guest wing with its own sitting room , kitchen , bedroom and bathroom . it has spectacular views on both sides - towards the cathedral at the front and at the back the landscaped gardens lead to the river avon and the water meadows beyond . charles stone from savills , who are selling the property , said the house has a broad appeal , but the new owner will need deep pockets . he said houses in the close are so popular because you get the best of town and country living . mr stone added : ' it is quite rare to get a house like this on the market . there are probably about half a dozen houses of this value in the close . ' some are still leasehold but a lot of the bigger ones now tend to be freehold . ' they all tend to front onto the river , which is nice , and a lot of them are very architecturally beautiful , which makes them very popular . ' but more than anything , what you 're really buying is a slice of town and country . ' you 've got the benefits of being within the enclave of the beautiful cathedral close but you 're only a moment 's walking distance into the city where you have access to all the amenities . ' and if you look the other way you 've got beautiful gardens , the river and the water meadows , that 's one of the reasons they are often very sought-after . ' this particular house is presented in immaculate order , everything is completely up-to-date and renovated , without ruining the character . ' it has quite a broad appeal - perhaps someone from london , or an ex-pat coming back from abroad . it could suit someone downsizing from a big estate or appeal to someone with a growing family . front of house : the extravagant home on the market for £6.95million is one of half a dozen in the close with a similar value .   