it was loud all-night parties that eventually busted the secret stripper training school hiding inside a $ 2million 12,000 sq ft mansion next door to an exclusive gated community in florida . the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh’s palace on its website , promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ' midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint . it was the loud all-night parties that eventually busted the secret stripper training school hiding inside pharaoh 's palace , a $ 2million mansion next door to an exclusive gated community in tampa , florida . the egyptian-themed mansion promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres on the gulf coast on its website advertisement . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ' midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint . neighbor ron nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the hillsborough county sheriff 's office and code enforcement . ' this to me seems like there was an undercurrent of very sexually-related activities , ' nagy told the tampa tribune . ' they 're gaming the system . ' after months of complaints both lownds and sean grey , the mansion 's manager , got hit with code violations . grey was also charged with violating the county 's noise ordinance , which was dismissed by a circuit judge on monday . on its website , pharaoh 's palace was advertised as the ' perfect ' place for entertaining . other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . but the mansion also became where grey and nicholas worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed pharaoh 's daughters . on its website , pharaoh 's palace was advertised as the ' perfect ' place for entertaining . other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . ' turn your stripper job into a career in exotic dancing and achieve the elite lifestyle you deserve , ' the website promises . pharaoh 's daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ' promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ' in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . it lists getting to live in the tampa mansion as one of its perks , boasting a ' safe and secure residence ' . pharaoh 's mansion has six bedrooms within the house , as well as two in a guest house . it 's website also lists a spa room with a waterfall and massage area . there is also a ' harem room ' that includes a fully equipped wet bar and poker table , as well as a dance/fitness studio with two stripper poles and a parking garage that fits up to 40 cars . but the mansion also became where sean grey , its manager , and nicholas worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed pharaoh 's daughters . pharaoh 's daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ' promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ' in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . but he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion , he told the tampa tribune . ' we are aware of what we are allowed to do and not to do , ' lownds said . ' we are conforming with all the zoning requirements . ' the mansion was hit with five citations from code enforcement , including for holding special events in a residential zone and for operating special events without approval . but according to deputy phil acaba , who investigated the events , it was the parties that ended up shutting the mansion down . ' if they had flown under the radar , they 'd still be in business , ' he said . ' the noise was the issue that brought their downfall . ' lownds said he and some of his partners planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . but he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion .