the scene looks as though there has been a disaster . in what was likened to a ‘ military operation’ a pair of cranes struggle to retrieve a ‘casualty’ from a house , while fire engines , police , a medical team and other officials stand by . the immediate area is screened from the public gaze with tarpaulin . roads are cordoned off . no traffic can get to nearby schools . for seven hours , there is a state of ‘mayhem’ . yet it was no sudden catastrophic incident , as some witnesses imagined . this was simply what it took to remove a 22-year-old woman who weighs 55st from her home . scroll down for video . obese georgia davis , 22 , who weighs 55 stone , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales , by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital . the seven-hour operation involved two cranes , seven police cars , two fire engines and 11 medics . georgia davis is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in britain . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile . the source of her income to finance her intake is unclear . ‘britain’s fattest woman’ , as she has been described , eats to excess because she wants to and has done so since the age of five . periodically , her bloated body can take it no more and she has to be removed to hospital for treatment . that is what happened in the village of cwmaman , on the edge of aberdare , on wednesday . it is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison . on the first occasion they had to demolish part of her parents’ house . since then she has been given a specially adapted ground-floor flat with french doors opening onto the street . this was to allow easier access for the next inevitable medical emergency . and so it came to pass . largely bedridden for the past fortnight because of water retention , georgia developed a ‘ severe infection’ which required hospital treatment . but she had become too big and weak to move . calling the ambulance meant a major logistical operation which must have cost thousands of pounds in manpower and equipment hire . he first crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient . a larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour . for other individuals , this would at worst have been a question of calling an ambulance . in georgia’s extraordinary case it meant a major logistical operation which must have cost thousands of pounds in manpower and equipment hire . her extraction began a little after 9am . three nurses from the local hospital and a paramedic arrived outside georgia’s block of flats in a convoy of cars . they were to prepare her for the move . soon afterwards , the medical team was joined by a fire officer , whose job it was to assess the dimensions and route of the removal . he decided the special french doors would have to be entirely removed . the first police officers and an ambulance arrived at 10am , according to neighbours . at 11.30am , two fire tenders pulled up followed by a mobile crane , an essential piece of equipment when lifting a 55st woman on a reinforced stretcher . at midday , three police cars arrived . they would be joined in the afternoon by another four . one resident reported : ‘it’s absolute chaos , there’s 999 vehicles everywhere and dozens of emergency service workers . all the roads are shut . ’ and still the operation had not begun . at 2.30pm , the critical care medical team arrived in an suv . by the time the first attempt to remove georgia began an hour later , there were more than a dozen emergency vehicles outside the flats and in the car park at the back . soon , a serious problem became apparent . the first crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient . a larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour . by the time it arrived , eyewitnesses estimated the number of specialists in attendance to be as many as 40 . you may wonder why and what else was happening elsewhere in south wales that might have more usefully held their attention . one neighbour said : ‘ i thought the flats were on fire , there were so many vehicles . the road was totally blocked , it was absolute mayhem . ’ largely bedridden for the past fortnight because of water retention , georgia ( pictured left and right ) developed a ‘ severe infection’ which required hospital treatment . but she had become too big and weak to move . georgia blamed her initial bingeing on ‘ comfort eating’ following the death of her father from emphysema when she was little . georgia was finally removed seven hours after the procedure began . she was taken in a reinforced ambulance to royal glamorgan hospital , where she is expected to remain for weeks . it was claimed that she had recently begun eating salads in order to lose weight . but as one neighbour , anita coolney , reportedly pointed out : ‘ georgia may be having salads , but she is having takeaways too . i’ve seen them being delivered . what’s the good of having salad for lunch if you have an 18in pizza for tea ? ’ another was reported to have said : ‘ i can’t eat as much in a week as she eats in a day . it’s disgusting . ’ a spokesman for cwm taf university health board said : ‘ we can confirm that the fire service was brought in to assist us with access to a property in order to safely transport a patient into hospital . ’ south wales police , south wales fire and rescue service all refused to comment on the cost of the operation . social landlord rct homes , which owns georgia’s flat , also refused to comment . her mother lesley , who has weighed as much as 31st , must also take a good deal of the blame . she had fed baby georgia condensed milk and potatoes instead of baby food . a spokesman for the welsh ambulance service said : ‘ we attended a joint operation with colleagues from cwm taf university health board , south wales fire and rescue service , the emergency medical retrieval and transfer service , and south wales police to assist in the transportation of a patient to hospital . ‘ this involved nine personnel from welsh ambulance service and two from emrts . the operation started with preparation on site at 9.15am and our staff left the scene at 4pm . ’ georgia first came to national attention in 2008 when , aged 15 , she had a 64in waist and weighed 33st . she also had type 2 diabetes . she said : ‘ i know it’s partly my fault . but it’s so hard to stop eating . it’s like a drug . some people choose heroin but i’ve chosen food and it’s killing me . it’s as if i can hear greggs [ the bakers ] calling me . ’ she blamed her initial bingeing on ‘ comfort eating’ following the death of her father from emphysema when she was little . at seven she weighed 11st . as a teenager her daily intake included multi-packs of crisps , litre bottles of fizzy drinks , chips and sausages . she was banned from her school canteen for over-eating . she had stopped attending pe lessons long before . at home , she watched television , surfed the internet and , of course , ate . and ate . her mother lesley , who has weighed as much as 31st , must also take a good deal of the blame . she had fed baby georgia condensed milk and potatoes instead of baby food . georgia was sent to a ‘ fat camp’ in the u.s. after doctors warned she would die if she didn’t lose 20st . in nine months there she lost 14st 6lb as she took regular exercise and existed on 1,500 calories a day . but she was welcomed home with fish and chips and within 20 months was back up to 40st . crisis point was reached in 2012 , by which time the 19-year-old was eating seven kebabs in one sitting and had reached a weight of 63st . it is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison . she also had to be rescued from her home in 2012 in a similar operation . during that incident , a 40-strong team of emergency service personnel and engineers laboured for eight hours to remove her from her bedroom at the housing association home she shared with her mother and stepfather . a 40-strong team of emergency service personnel and engineers laboured for eight hours to remove her from her bedroom at the housing association home she shared with her mother and stepfather . georgia had collapsed with breathing problems and chest pains . the rescuers had to demolish the top half of the semi and build a scaffold in order to support a ramp to the pavement . roof supports had to be inserted and she was lifted onto a special stretcher using a crane . again a reinforced ambulance took her to hospital . the operation , including repairs , was costed at £100,000 . such scenes will be repeated if more is not done to tackle obesity , say campaigners . one in three children in the uk is overweight , while one in five is obese . teenage girls form the majority of the one million or so obese under-18s . national obesity forum spokesman tam fry said : ‘ it is a military operation . it will be an equivalent cost , which the nhs has to pay . ‘ there will be many more georgia davises who we don’t know about because they are stuck in their houses and can not get out without being winched out . ‘ the nhs has to introduce screening for children and adults and if we don’t do that we are going to find more of this in the future . ’ additional reporting by ben wilkinson . 