just over a year ago , adam johnson sat in a room with journalists at the stadium of light and talked about england and the forthcoming world cup . he wasn’t sharing his opinion as a former international , but as one who genuinely hoped his exile was about to come to a deserved end . johnson — scorer of seven goals in as many matches for sunderland —believed he was worthy of a recall , 21 months on from a five-minute cameo in norway’s ullevaal stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly . adam johnson ( right ) was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . johnson , an england international , was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago . johnson ( right ) was wearing a black tracksuit as he arrived at peterlee police station on thursday . at 26 , was it plausible that johnson had rediscovered the fearless form many suspected he had left behind on teesside when he quit middlesbrough — the club who had expertly nurtured him — for manchester city in a £7million deal four years earlier ? for at the etihad , amid the millionaires and the silverware , johnson may have become a richer man , but he emerged a poorer player . in february of last year , however , and on the eve of a capital one cup final against the club at which his career had stalled , johnson spoke of playing his ‘ best ever football’ and wasn’t joking when he revealed summer holiday plans were on hold in the hope of adding to his 12 caps in brazil . few argued . but roy hodgson was not aboard the ‘ johnson for england’ bandwagon . johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season , and was still an england prospect . johnson leaves the peterlee police station after learning of the charges against him . johnson leaves peterlee police station after being charged with three offences of sexual activity . the call never materialised and sunderland — beaten by city at wembley — finished the season fighting relegation , johnson scoring just one goal in 16 matches as his form dipped . the eulogies which were written in the wake of his joyous january were , on reflection , a little premature . in fact , johnson’s form has never recovered . five goals from 31 appearances this season may well make him sunderland’s top scorer , but that masks what have been subdued and often sluggish performances , even if he remains their likeliest match-winner . it is all a far cry from the skinny teenager who dared to dribble and made others dare to dream of the future which lay ahead . debuting at 17 for middlesbrough , he was billed as ‘ the next stewart downing’ . in 2005 , that was high praise . he made a mockery of full backs and , indeed , those who had likened him to downing , for it quickly became apparent that johnson had the potential to be better than his boro team-mate . johnson has made three premier league appearances under new boss dick advocaat ( right ) . ched evans : charged with rape in july 2011 but played for sheffield united in september . not released by club until end of the season . jonathan woodgate and lee bowyer : not suspended by leeds after charged with grievous bodily harm and affray in 2000 . jody morris : leeds suspended him for two weeks after the player arrested in connection with rape charge , october 2003 . after six seasons at the riverside , he was given the platform to prove as much . but at city , like so many young english talents , he regressed . there were concerns from within the club about his dedication and life away from football . his reputation , though , remained intact , such were the fleeting nature of his sightings in sky blue . to the outside observer , he was done an injustice by roberto mancini . and so johnson was forgiven his uninspiring two-and-a-half years in manchester when he signed for boyhood club sunderland for £10million in the summer of 2012 . last year , he reflected on his time at city . ‘ there is a temptation ( to sign for them ) , of course . the wages , you’re flattered when city are after you , but you’ll go there and be third choice , ’ he said . ‘ when i was there , i was always the one who would be dropped when the manager rotated the team . i wouldn’t sign for them now if i was a young english player . ’ the winger played 81 minutes of sunderland 's 2-0 defeat by manchester united shortly before being arrested . johnson has scored 20 goals for the black cats since signing for the club in 2012 . but perhaps mancini was sound in his judgment . for although , during three seasons on wearside , johnson’s three goals in a trio of victories at north east rivals newcastle have undoubtedly been the highlight , affording him terrace adulation , sunderland had expected far more when they laid down an eight-figure sum and wages of £50,000 per week . now , with johnson having been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming , they are facing up to a relegation run-in perhaps without the man in whom they have invested so heavily , should the club decide to suspend him . the future of both sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .