an oregon teacher is suing her rural school district over the lingering stress she feels following a surprise active shooter drill that administrators held in 2013 . linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ' preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . ' you 're dead , ' the shooter said . shooter drill : pine eagle charter school in halfway , oregon was the scene of a surprise ' active shooter ' drill that 's left teacher linda mclean with post-traumatic fears years later . in fact , she believed for a several moments that she would soon die . now , years after learning of the ' harebrained scheme , ' oregon live reports that mclean is still traumatized by the event . ' mclean could not figure out what was going on , ' reads the lawsuit . ' she felt very confused . her heart was racing . she walked out of the classroom and saw a pistol lying on the ground . ' she wondered if she was really shot and was going to die . ' class was out of session that day and school officials had warned emergency services in the area not to show up should any teachers call 911 . they also ran checks on all the teacher to make sure none of them had concealed weapons permits , should they decide to fight back . the two masked ' intruders ' stormed a room where several teachers had gathered . ' it was shocking , ' teacher dollie beck admitted at the time , but ' it heightened my awareness about what 's around me . ' but well afterwards , says the complaint , mclean 's awareness was possibly too heightened . ' she could not shake the event but continued to relive it and try to make sense of it , ' ms . mclean could not sleep , and remained anxious and vigilant . when she drifted off to sleep , she experienced nightmares and sweating . ' doctors diagnosed mclean with post-traumatic stress disorder and urged her to return to the school as a form of desensitization . however , ' when she returned she was short of breath , anxious , emotionally distressed , and had to leave . she has not returned to the school building since . ' now mclean wants reparations ' for her involuntary separation from employment , her medical and psychological treatment , and the loss of retirement contributions and fringe benefits . ' she is suing members of the school board , the masked safety officer who ambushed her , school administrators and the alarm company that services the school for punitive damages and attorney fees . 