a father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises . marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry . at the time , emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive . merge : an ambulance spokeswoman said the car ' literally embedded ' itself into the back of the lorry . father marcin wasniewski is volunteering at a christian centre until he can return to work when he has recovered from his injuries . he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him . paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst . ambulance staff and firefighters were working to release him and were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . yet as paramedics and firefighters worked to release him , they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . since then , paramedics have said the crash would certainly have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver . now the dad-of-one has said he believes someone was watching over him that day . ' it was not luck . it was definitely jesus christ , son of god , that saved me , ' he said . marcin suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face , which has left him with a deep scar , and injured his left arm . he 's currently unable to work because of his injuries but he is volunteering for the christ celebration centre in lockhurst lane , foleshill , while he recovers . he also spoke of what he remembers about the night that nearly claimed his life . father of one mr wasniewski said : ' before the accident i remember everything . i can remember driving along . ' i do n't remember the accident though - when the crash happened everything just went blank . ' the next thing i remembered was waking up in hospital . i left hospital after five days . ' road to recovery : there 's barely a scratch on marcin wasniewski who walked away from the dramatic crash scenes , picture below , after driving into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry . twisted metal : paramedics say that the outcome would 've ' certainly been fatal ' if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver 's side or if a passenger had been in the car . after the crash on march 8 , it was reported how ambulance staff were stunned that marcin had escaped life-threatening injuries . a west midlands ambulance service spokeswoman had described how thetrailer had ' literally embedded ' itself into the windscreen of the car . she added that while paramedics and firefighters worked to release him , the driver ' got out of the badly damaged car unaided ' . she said : ' whilst being assessed in the back of the ambulance , paramedics discovered that he had escaped the serious injuries often expected in such a significant collision . ' the paramedic area support officer commented that , if the impact had have been a couple of inches further across into the driver 's side or if there had been a passenger in the car , the outcome would 've certainly been fatal . ' 