i’ve been out injured for a whole year now , but i’m finally on the verge of a return to regular training . it’ll be such a relief after such a long time out . i’m actually in my last week of rehab at the moment , then i’ll transfer to normal training and introduce more cycling into my routine . the year has been so mentally and physically tough , but now i can finally look forward . sportsmail 's road to rio cyclist becky james is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries . james , pictured during a fashion shoot in manchester , has been sidelined for a whole year . british cyclist james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign . the most frustrating thing was that one moment i’d be completely fine on the bike , then the next i would be in a lot of pain . this happened a lot during my training up in manchester , so in october we all sat down and decided the best thing was to send me to bisham abbey rehabilitation centre . they had everything i needed there – physios , masseurs , coaches – and they did such a great job getting me better up until i left there three weeks ago . of course , if i didn’t have my national lottery funding i wouldn’t be able to go through all this . it’s so great that , despite my injury , they carried on supporting me the whole time . you’d think that , with 12 months away from the bike , i’d have plenty of time to myself . but in reality , i never thought i’d be out for that long – i kept having setbacks after thinking i was about to return so i couldn’t stop and enjoy myself . obviously , there was the stress of being injured as well – but my puppy lola helped me with that ! i did , however , see plenty of the six nations , which i don’t usually get to do because it clashes with my season . though being at the millennium stadium for the opening loss to england wasn’t great – you can imagine how my boyfriend george north took it . all in all , this injury could have made or broken me . there were many times i thought i was losing the battle , but i worked through any doubts i had . i have learnt a lot about myself in the last year – both as an athlete and a person – and i believe the whole experience will benefit me in the long run . right now , with rio 2016 on the horizon , i’m more motivated than ever . as well as funding the road to rio athletes , every week national lottery players raise over £33 million for arts , heritage , charity , community projects and grass roots sports clubs and facilities . find out where your money goes at lotterygoodcauses.org.uk .