the disabled pensioner who received donations from around the world after being beaten by a drug addict outside his home has got the keys to a new house . alan barnes , who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall , was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead , tyne and wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss . the crime shocked britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician katie cutler , 21 , which raised £330,000 . mr barnes , 67 , was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house where he says he will feel safer . disabled pensioner alan barnes picked up the keys for his new home today after strangers raised £300,000 . mr barnes said it felt ' fantastic ' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen . the 67-year-old said that he felt safer in the two-bedroom terraced property which he was able to buy after receiving donations from around the world . ' it 's fantastic to finally be in the house after all this time , ' he said . ' i was living a bit further up the hill before but this house is better and more handy when i need to go the co-op and the shops . ' i have n't shown katie the house yet but i 'm looking forward to telling her about it . ' it 's lovely to have my independence back . i 'm looking forward to seeing the locals again and having a chat with them . ' the £150,000 property boasts two bedrooms , a spacious living room , modern kitchen and large bathroom . it also has an outside barbecue area for entertaining and is just a short walk from the local shops of his native low fell , gateshead . mr barnes now plans to use the remainder of the donated money to furnish his new home . the victorian terrace is a far cry from his previous address , a sparse one-bed bungalow with no garden . mr barnes said that it was ' lovely to get his independence back ' after picking up the keys to his new home . mr barnes said he was ' looking forward ' to telling beautician katie cutler , who launched the fund , all about his new home . mr barnes said he was ' grateful ' to everyone who helped him get the property , including miss cutler , pictured . ' i 'm about 15 minutes away from my other house but it 's down lots of different streets and turns as well , ' said the pensioner . ' i think i 'll go for a walk tonight round the area and get my bearings again . ' i 've had a couple of visitors and my sister brought me over today , to help me move in . it has been a busy day . ' i 'm very grateful still to everyone who helped me get this house , especially katie . ' i 'm glad i 've put the money to good use . ' i have n't spent it all in case i need some extra to refurbish the house . ' mr barnes , who was born with disabilities after his mother contracted german measles while she was pregnant , had previously told of his plans to move near ms cutler . he wanted to make sure the pair , who have become close friends since the incident , could stay in touch . richard gatiss , 25 , was jailed for four years at newcastle crown court for targeting mr barnes . ' i considered where katie lives but after thinking about it there 's two reasons i have n't , ' he said . ' one was i would 've had to depend on my family to do things and i did n't know if katie would be moving somewhere else so i thought just take this option and go to low fell . ' he also revealed dreams of going on a break to barbados . earlier this month richard gatiss , 25 , was jailed for four years at newcastle crown court for targeting mr barnes to fund his addiction . during the attack in january , gatiss crept up on mr barnes in a dark alley while the pensioner was putting his bin out . when he was arrested they found his dna on his 67-year-old victim . gatiss told police he was so desperate for drug money he would have ' targeted anyone ' .