the father of the little girl who starred in a photograph that sent the internet into a frenzy because of a mystery pair of boots has ' no idea ' what the object could be . martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 . he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ' to my wife , who was at work ' . ' i took a series of them , ' mr springall said via email . ' it was n't until i was checking them later in the evening that i just happened to notice the boots behind her in that one shot . ' ' i showed my wife immediately . she was considerably more upset by it than i was , to be honest . martin springall ( pictured with his daughter , who he wished not to be named ) said he had ' no idea ' what the item could be . a trick of the light or paranormal forces at play ? there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is . eerie : a pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father apparently does not recall a person standing there . the reddit user who posted the controversial image online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure . mr springall gave permission for his friend , brian , to post the image to reddit - where it became a topic of ' mostly negative ' discussion - until it resurfaced this week . ' i just kind of obsessed over that one photo for a couple of hours that evening and then tried to forget about it . ' i really do n't like dwelling on stuff like this , to be honest - it freaks me out . ' the photograph has sparked considerable debate on the website reddit , with sceptics arguing whether the picture was modified , if there was a person standing behind the girl or if it was all a trick of the light . mr springall insisted there was ' no one ' else in the vicinity - and said it had not been photoshopped , despite sceptics believing otherwise . ' i certainly would have noticed someone standing behind her in one of the shots , ' he said . ' she likely would n't even have posed for the picture in that case , because she 's incredibly shy ' . in this picture from the same set , no one appears to be standing behind this little girl . however , in this other supplied picture , the black boots have returned . ' i have no idea what the boots are , where they come from or what they could represent . ' all i can tell you is that i totally get the cynicism ... . if i saw that online i would view it exactly the same way . ' i can assure you , though , that it was just the two of us in the area and the photo is 100 % untouched . he said he showed his friend brian publicover , 38 , the picture on a camping trip around a month later . mr publicover , a canadian , then posted it to reddit under the username obiaruf . ' we 're not saying it 's a ghost , ' said mr publicover , who is working in japan , where his friend was also living until a few months ago . friends : brian ( left ) posted the picture to reddit , where it took off . both martin and brian . sceptics have noted the presence of a blue piece of fabric lingering behind the little girl . he added that he had just been ' speculating ' previously when he said on reddit that the boots appeared to be ' samurai boots ' . he said there were more convincing posts on reddit that argued it was actually the image of an american world war ii era uniform . particularly given a flash of blue fabric that appeared above her left arm . ' i hope someone can put this through some sort of image-analysis software , ' he said . ' we are n't trying to pull some sort of scam here . we 're just saying `` we ca n't explain this , and it 's a bit unsettling '' . ' mr springall , who lives in toronto with his wife and child , has an open mind . ' i 'm about as skeptical as they come when it comes to the paranormal , so your guess is as good as mine . '