mike tindall would n't have moved any quicker had he been surging towards the posts in a six nations clash at twickenham . in aintree 's crowded unsaddling area , the former england captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number '3 ' , with his wife , zara phillips , scampering in hot pursuit . not even a hug from ap mccoy could check his momentum . no wonder . tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson , run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior , who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1 , returned . former england rugby captain mike tindall and wife zara philipps at aintree ahead of the grand national . tindall celebrates after watching his horse monbeg dude finish third in the national . monbeg dude is now 10 and , according to his jockey liam treadwell , ' likes to do things at his own pace ' but his resolution is not in question and this was the latest wonderful day he had given his owners and trainer michael scudamore . think about this for a cv : a welsh grand national in january 2013 , victory in a big chase at cheltenham in december of the same year and being placed in a hennessey gold cup at newbury last november , then this . not bad for a horse that cost £12,000 . while the exultant connections of winner many clouds were celebrating a few yards away , their joy was almost matched by the happiness of the monbeg dude team ; as michael shook his head in wonder , his father peter , the former champion jump jockey , dashed to engulf him in a bear hug . here was thumping evidence that no other race stirs the emotions quite like the crabbie 's grand national . the £88,400 was by far the biggest pot monbeg dude has collected in his 24-race career but the reactions of tindal et al ( italicise ) showed this was about far more than money . ' pride is the word i would use , ' said michael scudamore . ' i am so happy for the horse . he is unbelievably tough and brave . to put in a performance like that after coming here last year ( finishing seventh ) , i am just so proud . the owners are buzzing , so is the jockey . ' many clouds and aspell jump a fence on the way to winning the 2015 grand national at aintree . treadwell 's contented look as he strolled to the owners and trainers tent a little while after said as much . he won the grand national in 2009 , when steering mon mome to a 100/1 success , but this was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010 , when unseating at the 20th from nozic . ' i am absolutely delighted , ' said treadwell . ' the horse did n't even know he had been in a race . he got hampered at becher 's brook the first time and that checked his momentum but he has given me a fantastic ride . ' last year he looked like he was going to be the winner going to the last and there was a point when i thought my run was going to take me there this time but he just flattened out a bit at the elbow . but what a great day . i really appreciate everything about this atmosphere now . ' he was n't the only one . aintree , even when you are defeated , is a place where dreams can come true . 