some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while , to others , they are endearing , mysterious and charming . whatever your view , one thing’s for certain : when it comes to twins , particularly identical ones , they are an endless source of fascination . yet , despite all this interest , the rest of us remain baffled , emotionally and scientifically , by the uncanny bonds identical twins share . having spent a year researching twins for my new novel , i have come to realise that we are only beginning to grasp how strange they truly are and quite why they have compelled us for thousands of years . ashley ( left ) and mary-kate olsen ( right ) are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins . take pre-colonial brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity . some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter . it wasn’t uncommon for the unlucky children to be slaughtered and their mother exiled . in greek mythology , however , twins were believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods , meaning they were sacred , while ancient slavs maintained that twins shared one special soul . not all monozygotic twins ( i.e . twins born from a single fertilised egg ) are truly identical . some are ‘ mirror image’ twins . this means that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise , in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise — but it will swirl in exactly the same way . for one twin , the left side of the mouth might curve upwards ; in the other twin , the right side of the mouth has precisely the same curve . this peculiar ‘looking-glass effect’ extends to the positioning of internal organs . but many identicals are truly identical in ways we are still uncovering . obviously , identical twins share facial characteristics and body shape . but they also share virtually identical dna , meaning they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else , including their parents or their own children . joel ( left ) and benji madden ( right ) are identical twins , it 's likely that they will have grown more alike over time as their identical dna asserts itself . a daring £5 million jewel heist was carried out at a berlin department store in 2009 . closed-circuit tv showed one of three masked man removing a glove at the scene , which the police later recovered . the glove provided dna evidence traced to identical twin brothers . but with no way of pinning it on one brother , both were acquitted . identicals also share the same blood group , the same hormones , the same serum proteins ; they are alike in heart rate , blood pressure , brain waves , respiratory rate and digestive process . hospitals in america in the past have advised parents to discreetly tattoo one twin — with a tiny dot , or mark on a heel — so that in future the children can be differentiated . parents often refuse , believing they will be able to distinguish their twins as they age ( not least , by dressing them differently ) . this , however , can be a mistake because twins can grow more identical over time ( as their identical dna asserts itself , following different levels of nourishment in the womb ) . and twins often end up being dressed in exactly the same clothes anyway , lest one become jealous of the other getting ‘better’ treatment . here , we enter the peculiar world of twin psychology . over recent decades , scientists such as thomas bouchard , of the minnesota centre for twin and family research , have analysed the personalities of twins and discovered seriously uncanny facts . take the classic example of twins separated at birth . the extent to which they can echo each other in later life is breathtaking . one of my favourite cases is the separated twins who discovered , when reunited , that they both entered the sea on beach holidays by wading backwards up to their knees . probably the most famous case of eerie identicality is that of jim lewis and jim springer . these identical american twins were separated when four weeks old , and adopted by different families in ohio . when reunited at the age of 39 , in 1979 , they discovered that both of them suffered from tension headaches , both had worked as sheriff’s deputies and both smoked salem cigarettes . hunter ( left ) and scarlett johansson ( right ) are fraternal twins and so do not share the same strong characteristics and traits as identical twins do . they also drove exactly the same kind of car and both enjoyed woodworking in the garage . both had been named james by their respective adoptive parents , and both had married twice — first to women named linda , then to women called betty . both had produced sons named james allan . both had at one time owned dogs named toy . and they both took their holidays at the very same beach in florida . some parents of twins have reported their children having identical dreams . others recount twins suffering pains , in the same part of the body , when only one of them is hurt . doctors who observe twins in the womb have watched identicals do a strange kind of matching twin dance : the fetal twins come close to each other , face to face , then one of the twins makes a circle , and the other does the very same . it as if they are , in utero , telepathically aware of each other’s movements . even in death , twins share an incredible bond . a prime , if rather dark , example is the 72‑year‑old brothers in finland . in 2002 , they were killed on their bicycles on the same road in northern finland in two accidents , two hours apart . when one twin survives the death of another , they likewise possess an oddness which startles . author joan woodward , in her 2009 study of twin bereavement , reported several striking examples of twins’ reactions when one of them dies . some young twins simply do not believe the death , and continue to act as if the lost twin is alive , talking to the dead sibling at breakfast , in a shared twin language , for instance . john and edward grimes , commonly known as ' jedward ' , are identical twins . some parents of identical twins have observed them having identical dreams or even suffering pain in the same parts of the body . other infant twins seem painfully confused as to whether their twin is really gone , because they keep seeing the living image of their dead sibling in the mirror or in a reflecting window ; when they see themselves , they see the sibling . by contrast , a few bereaved twin children deliberately seek out mirrors in order to reassure themselves their dead twin lives on . they want to see the living ghost . other twins react differently still . woodward records how some , following the death of a co-twin , take over their lost sibling’s characteristics and behaviour , as if trying to make up for the loss by actually becoming the dead sibling . one twin whose brother died at the age of 12 became so eerily like his dead sibling that his parents were convinced he had the ‘ spirit of his brother within him’ . another female twin was so grief-stricken she took her dead sister’s name . these strange reactions surrounding the deaths of identicals can have effects beyond the twins themselves . during my research , i came across one wholly remarkable example of twin confusion , following a death . it happened in california in the nineties ( though the details and names have been protected by the authorities , for obvious reasons ) . one day , driving off on holiday , the andersons — father , mother and their identical twin daughters samantha and katie — had a terrible crash . an ambulance was called and the victims were cut from the car . however , after reaching the hospital , samantha soon died and katie was left in a coma . it was a horrific loss , but life had to go on . the family concentrated on helping the hospitalised samantha get over the death of her twin . a funeral for katie was held . and yet , as her surviving daughter improved , mum sally found it strange that samantha behaved so much like her dead sister . finally , sally studied her child’s birthmark very closely ( the twins had similar but not identical birthmarks ) and realised a terrible mistake had been made — katie had survived and samantha had died . this realisation occurred two weeks after the accident . the andersons had buried the ‘wrong’ daughter . it was reading that extraordinary true-life story — and all these other facts — that gave me the idea for a thriller . what would happen if the andersons’ experience was repeated , but the family only discovered their error a year later ? what ghostly consequences might ensue ? whatever the answer , one thing i know for sure is that twins will continue to fascinate us because they pose so many profound and unsettling questions . s. k. tremayne’s the ice twins is published by harpercollins .