democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton 's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential democrats on monday . her lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in keene . but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar . if police radar had been engaged , however , it would have clocked hillary 's signature black conversion van - ' scooby ' , for the uninitiated – hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65 . no one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted a siren . scroll down for videos . speed demons : clinton 's motorcade raced around new hampshire on monday . trial balloon : a new hampshire political operative described hillary clinton 's afternoon meeting at this claremont , nh home as an entree toward an endorsement by senator jeanne shaheen . the home belongs to one of shaheen 's trusted aides . off to the races : clinton returned to her beloved mystery machine following her afternoon house party . finish line : clinton 's entourage dined and partied at the home of former new hampshire state senate president sylvia larsen . inside : the first photos of the custom van 's interior – complete with entertainment center ( at top left ) – were shot through the vehicle 's tinted glass at a gas station in claremont , nh , under the watchful eye of a secret service agent . after clinton emerged from whitney brothers , a children 's furniture manufacturer , her black chevy conversion van raced an hour north to the town of claremont , hitting 73 in a 55 mph zone . two hours later scooby was on the move to concord , bookended by a secret service detail that parted the puddles and kept the motorcade nose-to-tail – with the caboose car slamming on the brakes time and again . the claremont event took clinton to the home of bethany yurek , a constituent services ' special assistant ' to new hampshire democratic sen. jeanne shaheen . yurek is not a washington heavy-hitter , but is part of shaheen 's inner circle . a political operative close to shaheen 's new hampshire office said the meeting was meant to include a discussion about nudging the senator toward a presidential endorsement . in the nation 's first presidential primary voting state , an early nod from a sitting senator to a former senator could carry enough weight to ward off clinton 's potential competitors . yurek did not respond to phone messages seeking comment , and clinton 's campaign made arrangements only for the new york times to attend . scooby sightings : on monday the clinton campagin-mobile made stops in three new hampshire towns . pit stop : scooby 's secret service driver gassed up hillary 's chariot before opening up her engine and pushing it to 92 mph . meet molly : clinton enjoyed the oldest campaign tactic in the book – posing with a baby – on monday in the new hampshire town of keene , and gushed that she wanted to bring the infant home with her . in claremont , according to tweets from a times reporter , the wealthy former secretary of state 's messaging featured progressive-friendly lines about income inequality . ' the deck is stacked in their favor , ' she said of america 's super-rich . ' my job is to reshuffle the cards . ' clinton and her husband , the former president , are themselves among america 's much-derided ' one per cent ' richest . she also sounded an alarm about capital gains tax cuts for big banks being the ' root ' of america 's economic malaise . that seems calibrated to appeal to democrats on her left flank – those who are pining for massachusetts sen. elizabeth warren to enter the race . clinton 's concord stop was a 7:00 dinner event at the sprawling home of former new hampshire state senate president sylvia larsen . good night 's rest : clinton and her traveling campaign team stayed monday night at the centennial hotel , a victoria property full of ' boutique furniture pieces and chic art taken from the pages of vogue ' . top aide : huma abedin , hillary 's right-hand woman , is on the campaign trail and stayed by clinton 's side as they stopped at a bakery in keene on monday . larsen is a longtime clinton loyalist who endorsed hillary 's first presidential bid in 2007 . she hosted a ' ready for hillary ' house party in february at the same home that hosted the candidate herself on monday night . that house is steeped in clinton lore . when then-governor bill clinton filed his papers to run in the 1992 new hampshire primary , it was hillary who delivered the documents to the state capitol . her last stop before making that trek in the rain was a gathering of professional women at larsen 's home . on tuesday the clinton campaign will remain in concord for a second roundtable event – this time at the new hampshire technical institute , the local community college . they 'll be well-rested . on monday night clinton and her team stayed at the centennial hotel in concord , a victorian-era complex full of ' boutique furniture pieces and chic art taken from the pages of vogue , ' according to the hotel 's website .