dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman . but the dens park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest . the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am . and the dark blues face ronny deila 's night next wednesday night – before a friday night trip to parkhead on may 1 . mcgowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at airdrie sheriff court . as a st mirren player he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in january 2014 after admitting kicking two officers . the court heard mcgowan ' charged towards ' two police officers after a disturbance in airdrie in the early hours of november 23 last year . he later kicked another officer on the body while being detained at coatbridge police station . paul mcgowan avoided a prison sentence after a third assault on a policeman . sheriff derek o'carroll spared the dens star a prison sentence after hearing he had was undergoing counselling through pfa scotland , the players ' union , for a gambling problem in addition to social work sessions . in a statement dundee vowed to support their player through his problems saying : ' the club does not condone the behaviour which has led to this and would n't from any member of our staff . ' we fully respect the decision made by the court and dundee fc will be standing by the player . ' paul is an integral part of the club and we will be working alongside the pfa with him as he bids to positively resolve his off the field issues . ' with the support of his manager , his teammates and club staff we hope paul will be able to move forward and be part of another successful season next year at dens park . ' the club will be making no further comment on the matter . ' his solicitor , liam o'donnell , told the court that social work reports ' finally give some indication that the accused is getting it in terms of his offending . he added : ' he was not in any trouble from the age of 16 to 23 . at age 23 he separated from his partner . the reason he separated has been attributed to an underlying gambling problem . the 27-year-old dundee midfielder pictured in action against dundee united last week . ' this gambling problem seems to be the root of his offending . when he takes alcohol his anger about the gambling problem seems to come out through aggression . ' o'donnell revealed the former st mirren player was undergoing voluntary counselling each week through the paisley-based rca trust , which helps people with alcohol and gambling addictions . ' he is fully supported by his club , ' he added . ' the managing director of dundee football club is present in court to indicate his support because he is addressing matters . ' after listening to the address , sheriff o'carroll reminded mcgowan of the previous occasions he had been convicted of offences , in 2010 and 2013 . ' and here you are again facing similar charges , ' o'carroll added . ' it 's quite correct to say that you are on the cusp of custody and certainly that 's in the thoughts of the court . ' however , he proceeded to sentence mcgowan to the tagging order provided he continues with the counselling . ' if you breach the order you will be brought back here and i have already advised you what the outcome will be , ' the sheriff added . dundee managing director john nelms , who was accompanied in court by players including captain james mcpake , declined to answer questions outside court . mcgowan also declined to comment but o'donnell said afterwards : ' he is relieved with the outcome and he knows he needs to modify his behaviour . he appreciates the support of his club and others . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .