roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england after negotiating second-season syndrome at goodison park . barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer’s england world cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty . but england coach roy hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old and martinez believes his two substitute appearances for england against lithuania and italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again . roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england . barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench during england 's 1-1 draw in turin . martinez said : ' ross is a young man but he is used to having to deal with extremes . when he plays well he is probably the best footballer england has . when he has a bad game it’s the end of the world . ' he has achieved an incredible level of maturity this season . ' he had to go through a period of difficulty the same way we have as a team and i think he has learned a lot . ' it doesn’t surprise me , he has had a big impact when he came on in both games with england . he was ready to do that . barkley replaced theo walcott in the second half and looked bright as the three lions earned a draw . the 21-year-old celebrates after scoring for everton during their 3-0 victory against newcastle . ' he will benefit from the experiences of this difficult season . this is his second full season in an important role in the squad . he enjoys that responsibility and taking responsibility in big games . ' he has an incredible technical ability and , with the physicality he has , you don’t see many players in world football with those capabilities . ' we know who ross is and how important he is for the future of everton . ” everton’s struggles this season have seen them flirt with relegation and although wins over newcastle and qpr have eased their plight , martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still their only immediate target going into saturday’s visit of sixth-placed southampton . martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still everton 's only immediate target ahead of saturday 's match . the everton boss added : 'there’s no distraction from our league position . that’s everything that matters . ' those two wins have given us a real sense of confidence and belief for what’s in front of us . ' forty points is still the target . nothing has changed until we achieve that and then we will try and get as high up the table as we can . ' top scorer romelu lukaku will face a fitness test on the hamstring injury that kept him out of belgium’s internationals but midfielder darron gibson is expected to be fit to face the saints . wingers kevin mirallas and steven pienaar have also recovered from injury and could be included . top scorer romelu lukaku ( centre ) will face a fitness test on his hamstring injury .