hundreds of staff at the royal courts of justice and london school of economics were evacuated again today after a building due to be demolished collapsed ' like a pancake ' injuring a 56-year-old workman . workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building - sending a huge cloud of dust into the air . the terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 bringing parts of central london to a standstill and costing local firms £40million . scroll down for video . building collapse : hundreds of staff at the royal courts of justice and london school of economics were evacuated again today after a six-storey structure collapsed . injury : police said a 56-year-old man was being treated for injuries this afternoon following the disaster . staff at both lse and the royal courts of justice were also evacuated on that occasion and at this stage it is unknown whether the two incidents are related . the collapsed building , located just behind the university , was covered in scaffolding when disaster struck shortly after 4pm this afternoon . students at lse were seen evacuating the university 's library and have been told to ' stay clear ' of the area . one worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived . two incidents in a matter of weeks : a map shows where the building collapsed today - not far from the underground cable fire that tore through holborn on april 1 costing local firms an estimated £40million . an air ambulance was seen arriving at the scene this evening and a 56-year-old was taken to hospital with head injuries . he was the only casualty among 30 workers on site at the time . nathan kennedy , 28 , was working in the site office when the building behind the royal court of justice and lse began to collapse . he said : ' we are used to big bangs and crashes all the time , that 's the nature of demolition . ' i was just finishing off some paperwork when there was a huge crash and a rumble , we knew it was out of the ordinary and everyone ran outside . ' we are trained for this so everyone kept calm , but it was the first time anything like this has happened to me . ' there was a huge dust ball , we were checking everyone was all right when a couple of the first aiders brought out one of the guys . parts of scaffolding spill over the barrier around the site and a construction vehicle could also be seen among the piles of rubble . the building , located directly behind lse , is just yards from where the underground cable fire started at the beginning of april , bringing parts of central london to a standstill . ' he had a bad cut on his forehead and i think he could have broken his arm . we are all worried for him , he 's called keiran and he 's in his 50s or 60s . ' everyone is shaken up , we just hope he 's all right . ' a london air ambulance helicopter landed in nearby lincoln 's inn fields to pick up the injured man . workmen have been on site for around five months and demolition was in progress when the collapse occurred . mr kennedy added : ' there a stretch around 15 to 20m that 's collapsed . we 've been here since december , the building was seven floors and we 've gone down three . ' there 's some heavy machinery on the higher floors , we use a machine called a muncher that chews through the walls , it 's like a big claw , that may have fallen down . ' there 's been a lot of building work around here but this is far enough away i would be surprised if that had anything to do it . ' speaking at the scene london fire brigade station manager john snelgrove said : ' we have one waking wounded who has been taken to hospital and we are unaware of his condition . a cloud of dust hovers in the air following the building collapse in holborn , central london . fire crews attend the scene on portugal street , near the london school of economics , today . people in the vicinity reported feeling the ground shake as part of the huge building collapsed into rubble . ' the collapse is known as a pancake and has taken around third to two thirds of one of the sides down with it . ' fortuitously the collapse has largely stayed within the site and not hurt any passers by . ' this is a busy area , luckily the building collapsed inwardly , although a few cars were damaged by fallen masonry . ' scotland yard said : ' we were called at 4.14pm to portugal street , aldwych , following reports of a partial building collapse on a building site . ' officers , london ambulance service and london fiere brigade are in attendance . one male aged 56 is being treated at the scene . the health and safety executive has been informed and road closures are currently in place . ' a london fire brigade spokesman said : ' one hundred people were evacuated from the building site and a further 100 people were evacuated from nearby properties . a safety cordon is in place . ' the london school of economics ( lse ) students ' union 's twitter account tweeted a picture of the scene and said it was ' just by ' the lse campus . and lse assistant professor bryan roberts tweeted : ' building just collapsed next to my office at lse in holborn . when the structure came down there were 30 men working on the site - luckily just one was injured . students at the london school of economics have been evacuated and told to ' stay clear ' of the area . ' some workers hurt . shook the whole campus . ambulances just arrived at lse where the building fell down . it 's the old london school of business building . ' eyewitness murat akkulak , a research co-ordinator at the royal college of surgeons , told the bbc : ' there was a lot of dust but i could see there was a digger down amongst the rubble and one or two builders were running around trying to get someone out of the digger . ' they seem to have had a really lucky escape to me , because everything else had just collapsed around them . ' the incident comes just weeks after a fire on nearby kingsway , which was caused by faulty electrical cables underground , sending thick clouds of smoke into the air - engulfing buildings . dramatic photographs from the scene showed crowds of people on the street as power cuts hit office buildings . onlookers reported ' struggling to breathe ' while later that night some 5,000 homes and businesses in central london were left without electricity following a huge power cut . phone lines went down , thousands of workers fled their offices while west end shows including the lion king , charlie and the chocolate factory and the play that goes wrong were all cancelled . fire earlier this month : the fire on april 1 was said to have been caused by faulty electrical cables underground , sending thick clouds of smoke into the air - engulfing buildings . dramatic photographs from the scene showed crowds of people on the street as power cuts hit office buildings . onlookers reported ' struggling to breathe ' while later that night some 5,000 homes and businesses in central london were left without electricity following a huge power cut . around ten days ago , a former commander of the metropolitan police 's elite flying squad has said the hatton garden gem heist could be linked to the fire . speaking on lbc , john o'connor , a highly experienced former police detective , said : ' i 've never heard of an outage of electricity like that causing a fire that lasted as long as that . that seems to me as too much of a coincidence . ' he also said that in his opinion , to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime , the gang must have had some inside help .