lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in a uefa all-star match showcasing the best of european-based talent , according to reports in spain . they would play for ' team south ' - comprised of stars from la liga , serie a and ligue 1 - against a similar ' north ' dream team from the premier league , bundesliga and russian premier league . mundo deportivo report that a marketing company has approached uefa and proposed the annual fixture , which is inspired by the nba all-star game between the western and eastern conferences . spanish newspaper mundo deportivo report that an all-star match has been proposed that would bring together the cream of european talent - including cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi ( pictured ) . the proposals raise the tantalising prospect of club rivals messi and ronaldo playing on the same team . messi and ronaldo would be the star attractions in the ' north vs south ' all-star fixture . south : buffon ; danilo , sergio ramos , pique , thiago silva ; messi , pogba , koke , neymar ; cristiano ronaldo , ibrahimovic . north : neuer ; terry , hummels , alaba ; robben , di maria , silva , reus ; alexis , aguero , hazard . the players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll , with no more than three players from any club side . but despite such restrictions , the proposed match would throw up the tantalising prospect of barcelona ; s messi and neymar joining forces with real madrid stars ronaldo and gareth bale . other possible stars in the ' south ' team include paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic and juventus midfielder paul pogba . the ' north ' side could feature manchester city forward sergio aguero , chelsea 's eden hazard , manchester united winger angel di maria and bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer . barcelona 's brazilian star neymar could also feature in the proposed all-star match . zlatan ibrahimovic would likely lead the line for the ' south ' europe dream team in the game . chelsea 's eden hazard could be a star turn for the ' north ' select xi . manchester city striker sergio aguero would likely be included in the ' north ' team . see what happened in our north england vs south england premier league clash simulated by football manager . the fixture would naturally draw a massive audience all around the world and the television and sponsorship rights commanded would ensure a nice payday for uefa and the company involved . however , there would inevitably be a number of hurdles to overcome to get such a project off the ground and some clubs are likely to be unhappy about releasing their players for the game . 