a chinese hospital is being painstakingly moved just eight metres a day on 1,000 metal rollers to prevent it from being demolished to make way for a new road . the building , which was built in the 1960s and belongs to zheng gong hospital in henan province , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project , reports people 's daily online . but hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put ' wheels ' on the building . the two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in china is being rolled every day on giant metal ' wheels ' . the large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to ' roll ' it . now , the two-storey hospital outpatient building in the city of zhengzhou , in central china , is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on the giant cylinder-shaped rollers . the engineers aim to ' push ' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new , designated spot , away from the demolition zone . the ' wheels ' the building is being moved on are large , cylinder-shaped metal rollers . the people 's daily reports the large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily ' walk ' possible . one of the engineers working on the project secures the metal sheeting and rollers which are being used . it will take three days of careful and slow rolling to move the hospital building 17.5m to its new , safe spot . while it should only take three days to move the building to its newly assigned spot , engineers say the preparation has taken over a month . the entire building was initially placed on metal plates , which then had the cylinder-shaped rollers wedged between them . the ambitious project is expected to be completed in the next couple of days . it is not the first time engineers in china have carried out such a move . in november 2013 a six-storey building in shanghai which weighed 12,000 tonnes was moved 38 metres with the help of 18 lifting jacks . and according to the guinness book of records the largest building to have ever been moved in this way is another chinese achievement - in 2004 the fu gang building in guangxi province was moved 36 metres and took 11 days to complete . the building was 111 feet tall and weighed 15,140 tonnes . the building has been placed on metal plates which have cylinder-shaped rollers wedged between them .