a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online . the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday . the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2 . scroll down for video . a mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online . the mom is seen in a black top on the right and the victim is center wearing white . the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2 . the video , which was posted online , but has now been taken down , shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter . at one point the student 's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape . a circle of students watch the brawl from the sidelines . school security guards and staff manage eventually break up the fight , reports click2houston . the video , which was posted online , but has now been taken down , shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter . a spokesperson for cypress-fairbanks independent school district said the mother bypassed the school 's front desk and then joined her daughter in physically assaulting the student . a spokesperson for cypress-fairbanks independent school district said the mother bypassed the school 's front desk and then joined her daughter in physically assaulting the student . assistant school superintendent nicole ray told khou : ' we are outraged and disappointed by the incident that took place today . ' this type of behavior will not be tolerated . ' the harris county sheriff 's office and harris county district attorney 's office are now investigating . the brawl took place at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday ( file photo ) . 