quiz question . which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season ? stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with benik afobe , who was one of arsenal’s own before they loaned him to mk dons and sold him to wolves . afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment harry kane of tottenham and england . bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday . sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's henri lansbury . nottingham forest ( 4-1-4-1 ) : darlow 6.5 ; mancienne 6.5 , wilson 6 , lascelles 6.5 , lichaj 7 ; gardner 6 ; burke 7 ( walker , 76 ) , lansbury 5.5 , osborn 5 ( paterson , 57 , 6 ) , antonio 5.5 ( blackstock , 83 ) ; akpom 6 . subs not used : fox , vaughan , hobbs , evtimov . goal : blackstock 90+4 . booked : gardner , lascelles . wolves ( 4-4-2 ) : ikeme 6.5 ; iorfa 7 , baath 7 , stearman 7.5 , golbourne 7 ; sako 7 , price 6.5 , mcdonald 6.5 , henry 7 ( van la parra , 66 , 5 ) ; afobe 8 ( doherty , 83 ) , dicko 7.5 ( edwards , 66 , 5.5 ) subs not used : doyle , ebanks-landell , hause , kuszczak . goals : afobe 46 , sako 72 . booked : price . ref : andy d’urso 6 . man of the match : afobe . if he keeps this up , afobe might even be able to inspire wolves all the way into the premier league . what a bargain for £2million , too . having scored 19 times for mk , the 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for kenny jackett’s wanderers . he has a goalscoring knack , beautifully illustrated 30 seconds into the second half when he collected the ball round the centre circle and started running . back-tracking forest defenders held off and held off until , boom , afobe took a pot-shot and karl darlow retrieved the ball which had just avoided his finger tips . suddenly a tight , strangely underwhelming , match , had a breakthrough and wolves duly capitalised on it as bakary sako doubled the lead from the penalty spot . they are building up a head of steam as the skybet championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine . jackett has steered his team from the blind side with remarkable efficiency . a trip across to the east midlands could have been a very tricky encounter considering forest’s resurgence under dougie freeman . the news that owner fawaz al hasawi wants freedman to stay beyond the summer hardly comes as a surprise . more importantly , from the supporters’ point of view , the manager is making all the right noises about triggering his year’s option too . the freedman effect is tangible at the city ground , even if this turned out to be the first real blip . henri lansbury has been back to something like his best after a forgettable first chunk of the season so this was a step back for him , too . if anything illustrates bp and ap – before and after stuart pearce – then it is lansbury’s match stats . before pearce’s sacking lansbury had 10 yellow cards and five goals to his name . since then he has picked up one more booking and scored seven times . admittedly he went into this midlands derby on the back of a six-match goal drought and it was his clumsy challenge on sako which had referee andy d’urso pointing to the spot . wolves defender dominic iorfa ( right ) battles for the ball with forest striker chuba akpom . danny batth ( left ) tackles akpom during their good friday encounter at the city ground . gary gardner attempts a scissor kick as forest look to breach the wolves defence . a bad day at the office , then , for forest . maths and time is against them making the top six but beating wolves would have had the double impact of keeping them in the chasing pack and denting the top-six hopes of kenny jackett’s team . certainly the 27,000 bumper good friday crowd who braved the drizzle arrived in hope and expectation because freedman’s other achievement since his arrival has been a transformation of home results . five straight victories at the city ground after a similar winless run had injected optimism . by the final whistle there were resigned expressions on faces again despite a 90th minute consolation from dexter blackstock . yet it had started promisingly . michail antonio might have scored in the opening minutes although it would have been a fluke . the forest attacker blocked carl ikeme’s clearance and the ball ballooned up and could have gone anywhere . benik afobe celebrates after putting wolves 1-0 ahead at the city ground on good friday . afobe ( centre ) gave the visitors the lead with a right footed shot from outside the box . the wolves striker ( centre ) is mobbed by his team-mates after putting them ahead in the second half . the home side also had their ‘a’ man and , like afobe there is an arsenal connection . chuba akpom was on the wanted list of many clubs in january but forest managed to persuade the gunners to loan him out to them . he was named from the start but struggled to impose himself . his best moment was a penalty claim when he went down under a challenge from chris burke but d’urso was having none of it . highlights for forest included a long-range effort by michael mancienne which was pushed wide by ikeme while lansbury shot over the bar from the edge of the area . wolves thought they had scored in the first half when kevin wilson’s slip let in afobe . darlow saved the shot and eric lichaj blocked the follow-up by nouha dicko . next up for the wanderers is leeds at home on easter monday . neil redfearn was an interested spectator on good friday and he needs no telling it will be a toughie .