an adorable orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow . chloe the wombat , who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december , has found herself a new buddy at taronga zoo 's grounds in sydney after she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo , chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas . as she rolled over to snuggle up , the echidna moved away but chloe still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up . scroll down for video . chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at taronga zoo . she recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who do n't seem as eager to snuggle as she is . ' chloe wasted no time making friends with her spiky new housemates and they 've been busy digging in the soft dirt together , ' taronga zoo said . when she 's not napping , chloe likes to follows her zoo keeper evelyn weston around the zoo . ‘it’s a natural behaviour and something chloe would be doing with her real mother if she’d survived , ’ evelyn said . adorable wombat chloe is now one-year-old and lives at taronga zoo in sydney . she has become zoo keeper evelyn weston 's little helper and follows her around the zoo . ‘ wombats stay with their mothers for up to two years , walking by their side until they’re old enough to fend for themselves . ’ the pair have been inseparable since chloe came to the zoo three months ago after her mother was struck and killed by a car near jenolan caves , west of the blue mountains , in june 2014 . chloe stays by evelyn’s side while she cleans out exhibits and prepares breakfast for the other animals during morning walks . she is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch . the pair have been inseparable since chloe came to the zoo three months ago . chloe 's mum was killed by a car earlier this year and the joey was found in her pouch still alive . chloe stays by evelyn’s side while she cleans out exhibits . her daily walks are part of her development before she can be safely released back into the wild . keepers at the zoo have also built the joey a home where she can dig burrows and forage for her own food . ‘she’s really learning how to be a wombat . her paws are already toughening up and she’s quite happy digging about on her own , ’ said evelyn . when the time comes for chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ‘ halfway house’ . but evelyn admitted she’ll be a little sad to lose her . ‘i’ve been doing this job for a long time , but it’s always hard to say goodbye . i like to think i’ve toughened up , but sometimes i’m still a wuss , ’ she said . ‘she’s really learning how to be a wombat , ' zoo keeper evelyn says . the cute animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own makeshift pouch . when the time comes for chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat ‘ halfway house’ . 