sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates . casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no ' gagging or making any faces . ' footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ' to be sick ' . sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with ' disgust ' . ' it makes me want to vomit , ' he exclaims later on . caught on camera : casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . - he stipulated that there must be no ' gagging or making any faces ' . food fail : footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ' to be sick ' . after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark . without deliberation the toddler stuffs the roll into her mouth using her hands to cram it in . ' do n't jump around , i do n't want you to choke , ' charlie 's father says as he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel . eventually she manages to swallow the rice ball down . pass that here : after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark . quite a mouthful : ' do n't jump around , i do n't want you to choke , ' charlie 's father says as he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel . winner : with $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five . with $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five . ' you just got shown up by your little sister , ' levi says to his son . to date the ' sushi challenge ' video has been watched more than 100,000 times . many viewers have deemed the childrens ' reactions as ' cute ' and ' adorable ' . some have also sympathized with sam 's hatred of the japanese delicacy . ' i understand him perfectly , i hate sushi , too , ' one commenter wrote .