she 's the beautician turned millionaire with a serious passion for fashion - and now amy childs has unveiled more sophisticated designs from her successful clothing range . the 24-year-old , who found fame on the only way is essex , has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season . speaking to femail about her new designs , amy said : ' i love pastels and florals - they were big at coachella recently and i’ve done my take on them . amy childs has unveiled her sophisticated summer collection full of pastel prints . 'there’s some smart work wear with a fun spring edge all the way to skater dresses that you can wear to bbqs and play around with the kids in . ' amy , who is ' really proud ' of her new range , says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ' definitely ' for real women . amy says her new range is full of smart workwear with a ' fun spring edge ' , as well as skater dresses her fans can wear to bbqs and play around with the kids in . the former towie star says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ' definitely ' for real women . ' i design for real women - not photoshopped fashion models , ' she said . ' i love curves . look at the kardashians - times are changing and curvy body shapes are a lot more common than athletic and slim - and they should be celebrated . ' amy admits she works out to keep her curves , explaining : ' i work out and do squats and tone up my tummy . i work for my curves and keep myself toned but i don’t try and lose weight . 'i’m happy how i am - i would never want to give up having a duvet day and domino 's to look like a stick insect ! ' . the fashion designer is inspired by the kardashians and says they 're proof that times are changing and curvy body shapes are a lot more common than athletic and slim . despite being comfortable in her own skin , amy has - like many celebrities - faced the wrath of twitter trolls . ‘ there are people out there who just love to tear people down and it has to stop , ' she said candidly . ' people think that by hiding behind twitter or their phones that you can say hurtful things to people - that’s not true and that’s not a good message to give to the next generation . ' so , with a fashion brand , tanning range and false eyelash collection under her belt , what 's next for amy ? ‘ some exciting things , ' she revealed . ' i can’t say too much but i am very busy with my summer range which is coming out soon and i have just launched my collection on celebrity fashion clothing where my friend pete sells his perfume and t-shirts . ' speaking to femail about her new designs , amy said : ' i love pastels and florals - they were big at coachella recently and i 've done my take on them ' . 