a house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years . the two-bedroom terraced property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 . the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda , hilda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom . a house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years . it was originally rented by len and beatrice barnes ( above ) in november 1915 . they bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to freda when they died . their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed the house for the last few decades . but freda died last december , aged 99 , and the younger family members have now moved away . howard knott , 70 , son of hilda , is in charge of selling the house , which is on the market for £164,500 . mr knott , a retired engineer who now lives with his family in maldon , essex , said the house means so much to the family but the decision to sell it was ' inevitable ' . he said : ' freda lived there all of her life . ' i lived there at some point when i was a baby but then we moved nearby to queens avenue in snodland . ' my grandfather 's brother roger lived in it for some years between the first and second world wars , so there were three adults and four children living in one property with no bathroom and no electricity . ' mr knott 's grandfather len was a small haulage contractor and was not required to serve in the first world war . sisters ( left to right ) gwendoline , freda and hilda were brought up in the house before it was passed to freda when their parents died . simon miller estate agents is holding an open day at the house ( above ) , which is on the market for £164,500 , tomorrow . howard knott ( right ) , son of hilda , is now selling the house after freda ( left aged 19 ) died in december . his father served with the royal electrical and mechanical engineers in the second world war . mr knott joined the royal air force when he was 16 and trained as a radar engineer . he later worked at marconi radio factory in chelmsford , essex . he moved to essex in 1970 , and his mother and aunt gwen also relocated to the county . simon miller estate agents is holding an open day at the house tomorrow .