a german man who had his penis enlarged with silicone injections claims it now weighs half a stone . micha stunz , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs , between 3 and 4.3kg , he says . ‘ i can’t say exactly how much it weighs , i just know that my kitchen scale , which shows up to 6.6lb , hasn’t been enough for a while , ’ he told vice.com . mr stunz , 45 , who lives in berlin , said he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way , not because it makes him feel more beautiful , but because it makes him feel ‘better’ . micha stunz , 45 , has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections . it is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5lbs ( 4.3kg ) , he claims . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public . ‘i’m actually a pretty shy person , ’ he said . curiously , the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible . he can not get a normal erection – and any increase in size is not visible due to all the silicone . but although his giant penis restricts his sex life , he says it makes him more creative in the bedroom . he told vice : ‘ after you reach a certain size , you ca n't do certain things any more . ‘ at least not with everyone and not without some foreplay . but there are other things you can do with it . you just have to free yourself from established roles and ideas about sex and be ready to play . ’ mr stunz’s interest in penis modification 20 years ago , when he was given a pump as a present . ‘ i was way too curious not to try it out . first , i tried it secretly for myself , ’ he said . ‘ and i found that when i went out pumped up , it was a good feeling , it felt great . ’ mr stunz 's interest in penis modifications were piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt ' great ' . he moved on to saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones . ‘ i had the feeling that i was n't trapped in the body i was born with , but that i had the possibility to shape it myself to change it . ’ he then began enlarging himself with saline injections . ‘ the feeling was great , ’ he said , ‘ but i did n't like getting the injections- there 's always a risk of infection . ‘ and also the people around me started to wonder why my groin area would change in size . ‘ that 's why i started looking for something more permanent . ’ it took him several years to find out about silicone injections , which were only available in london when he first began researching them . however , rather than seeking professional medical help , he met a medical student who agreed to perform the first injections . to date , mr stunz has had four procedures which involved injecting silicone into his penis and scrotum . however , dr aref el seweife , a urologist in berlin who carries out penis enlargements , warns that an injecting silicon into the penis can lead to an infection that will leave it ‘mutilated’ . ‘ in worst cases , it can lead to an enlarged artery in the scrotum and the testicles die , ’ he told vice journalists , urging people who opt for the procedure to have it done by a medical professional . in fact , a 2012 study in the urology annals , said : ‘ we conclude that penile enhancement procedures with liquid silicone by non-medical personnel could result in devastating consequences . ’ mr stunz said he uses a satchel to cover his modesty and refrains from telling certain people - such as his boss or his extended relations - about his enlarged penis . mr stunz accepts this advice , and agrees that others thinking of having their penis enlarged with silicone should make sure they are fully informed . while his situation might seem extreme , he claims he leads a ‘ normal life’ . he said : ‘ i go to work , buy groceries , go to bars , clubs , and to the movies . i usually try to make sure it is n't too obvious . but i guess it is n't easy buying a new pair of pants . ’ penis size has been a source of anxiety for men throughout history - and this concern has been found to transcend ethnicity and cultural barriers . sadhus , holy men of india and male of cholomec tribe in peru used weights to increase their penile lengths . males of the dayak tribe in borneo resorted to self mutilation by forming holes on their penises and then sticking decorative items through them for their partner 's pleasure . brazilians of the topinama tribe allowed poisonous snakes to bite their penises in order to enlarge them . men in some areas of indonesia , the philippines , thailand , and malaysia have a long history of inserting or implanting various objects in their penises . several documented papers have described how ' the bigger the better ' mantra has been the motto for more than a century - and being too small is still regarded as very humiliating in many cultures . these stigmas of apparently small penises , as well as the increasing influence of the media on sexual issues , have increased the demand for penile enhancements , figures show . however the majority of men who request penile enhancement surgery usually have a normally sized and normally functioning penis , doctors say . these patients interpret normal appearances as abnormal , and as such are distressed and depressed . source : urology annals . he also prefers to urinate sitting down in a cubicle as he attracts odd looks when using urinals . while sometimes he says he is pleased to get so much attention , at other points he hides his modesty . he uses a satchel bag to ‘ hide his bulge’ and refrains from telling some people in his life about his physical appearance . ‘ there are definitely situations when i say “ the other person doesn’t need to know right now” . when it’s the boss or all the extended relations , then i’ll tell a white lie . ‘i’m actually a pretty shy person , ’ he explains , while leather-clad at a bondage festival . indeed , one of his favourite events of the year is the folsom europe festival – a bondage , fetish and latex affair in berlin . when he attends the carnival , he wears a specially-made pair of latex pants to show off his huge penis . speaking of why he loves the event , he said : ‘ you can offer up who you are and show yourself the way you want without having to think about what other people will think of you . ’ he sometimes worries that potential partners are only interested in him for his manhood . he said : ‘ you get reduced to the bulge obviously . there’s always that danger in the relationship . ‘ but if you take the time to get to know the other person , you find out whether he really loves you or just a part of you . ’ ultimately , mr stunz believed the interest in his penis modification belies deep-rooted sexism . ‘ if some woman gets breast enlargements , nobody says anything about it , ’ he said . ‘ if a man does something very similar to his body , it’s worth making a documentary about it because it’s so extraordinary . ‘ i hope that changes soon because the difference really isn’t that big . ’ mr stunz said the silicone implants make sex much more difficult , although it is not impossible . he is pictured wearing specially made latex pants at the folsom europe festival – a bondage and fetish festival in berlin . 