le manoir aux quat'saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject… . nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns , le manoir is a striking building ; a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles , and boasting tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria . it is beautiful - and it 's impossible not to gawp . the impeccably kept grounds included perfectly trimmed lawns , bronze sculptures ( including a scarecrow based on blanc himself ) , pathways lined with lavender and the walled organic kitchen garden - which supplies the restaurant with seasonal herbs , salads and vegetables . lucy verasamy proudly shows one of the healthy and tasty dishes created at le manoir aux quat'saisons . raymond blanc pays a surprise visit to the cooking school that bares his name in his oxford manor house . our twin room for the night was huge . we loved it - from the flattering lighting and the textured wallpaper to the cashmere blankets on the end of the beds . le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened . we decided to go for the full-on dining experience and the seven-course taster menu . each dish was presented like a work of art - it almost seemed a shame to attack it with my cutlery . it was so good we were both unusually quiet . with every course came a helpful and brief explanation , and a glass of wine . the cheese trolley was one of the biggest i 'd seen . by this stage i was on mouse-sized portions and ready to pop . the next morning i was woken by the sound of birds rather than the alarm on my phone . we headed down to breakfast but were distracted from the huge smorgasbord of choice by blanc himself as he bounced around the tables , cheerfully welcoming guests . le manoir boasts stunning grounds , luxury accommodation and blanc 's two michelin-starred restaraunt . thankfully , mum was more starstruck than stalker when it was our turn . chatty and friendly , blanc noticed my bircher muesli and immediately offered up the recipe . i had signed up to the food , body , mind course due to start promptly at 9am - one of several day-long courses run at the in-house cookery school . a few minutes in , blanc unexpectedly arrived and introduced the course - passionate , enthusiastic and energetic he spoke about the importance of nutrition and being mindful of the ingredients we choose . this was right up my street and i could n't wait to get going . natalia , a nutritionist , and mark , a chef who has worked with blanc for more than 25 years , were brilliant course hosts and teachers . with their amazing knowledge , they were like a human foodie google . natalia banished misleading food myths , while her informative facts and figures on the latest medical research were fascinating . i could n't help but scribble down notes . food icon raymond blanc and lucy bond over a delicious creme caramel at his oxfordshire cooking school . i thought my limited cooking skills would be a hindrance , but far from it . mark showed us several easy , healthy dishes - some of which we cooked , wearing our chef whites in our own fully equipped kitchens . hands-on blanc popped back just as we were making our sugar-free chocolate mousse - and wasted no time in helping out with the frantic whisking . trains run from london marylebone to haddenham & thame parkway ( a 10-minute drive to the hotel and restaurant ) . le manoir aux quat'saisons offers a wine & dine break from £895 per couple . this includes a five-course dinner , three glasses of wine each and one night 's b & b accommodation . the food , mind , body course costs from £395pp . i loved every minute of it and learned so much - from interesting food facts ( who knew fresh-out-of-the-ground new potatoes were a healthier option than blueberries ? ) to helpful kitchen skills . i 've lost count of the times i 've rustled up some of the recipes at home since . it had been a massive treat . i had asked raymond which season was best to visit le manoir aux quat ' saisons . he replied : ' you must visit every season ! ' brilliant idea .