last week she was barely showing – but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition . within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode , fans will see aidan turner’s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . as sunday night’s latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market . scroll down for video . last week she was barely showing – but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show’s latest addition . he may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty , but as he tells her that she makes him a better man , audiences can have little doubt about his feelings . what is rather less convincing , however , is the timeline of the pregnancy . with the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy , it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson , talks about being eight months pregnant . just minutes after – once again without any nod to the passing of time – she is giving birth , with the last month of her pregnancy passing in less than the blink of an eye . with the climax of the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy , it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow’s instalment where demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson , talks about being eight months pregnant . as sunday night’s latest heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with poldark – but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market . their fast relationship did n't go unnoticed by fans . one posted on twitter : ‘ if you are pregnant in poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes’ . it is reminiscent of the show’s previous pregnancy that saw elizabeth , another contender for ross’s affection , go to full term in the gap between two episodes . this didn’t go unnoticed by fans , who posted on twitter : ‘ poldark is rather good , would watch the next one now . though if you are pregnant in poldark times expect to have it in the next 10 minutes . ’