bobby flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $ 5,000 a month - despite a personal worth of more than $ 20million . according to tmz , the prenup between the food network star and the law and order : svu actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years . the report also claims that the prenup contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $ 8million marital home for just $ 1million - with an extra $ 50,000 to pack and move her stuff . unhappy : stephanie march is unhappy with the $ 5,000 a month she has been offered by bobby flay as per their prenup , according to tmz ; he filed for divorce on friday ( pictured in june 2013 ) . flay filed for divorce on friday , just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years . tmz claimed the 50-year-old was ' heartbroken ' about the split - while his wife is ' mighty unhappy ' with the prenup . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010 . ' i know stephanie basically asked him after january jones , `` did you f*** her ? '' ' an insider told the site . march was said to be suspicious after her husband happened to be on the scene when single mother jones got into a car accident in la in 2010 . the source added that he denied any romance . there was concern about this woman : the new york daily news on friday claimed that march asked her spouse if he had any romantic liaisons with january jones - he allegedly said no ; here jones is pictured in march . her love interest these days : jones is now dating will forte , who she was seen with in february at the premiere of the last man on earth . jones is now dating will forte , who she was seen with in february at the premiere of the last man on earth . legal documents obtained by tmz state that the marriage has ' broken down irretrievably . ' it has been reported they separated three weeks ago . and because they have no children together there is no issue about child support but they are fighting over property already , it was alleged on friday . flay has already moved out of their new york city apartment . the couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce , according to the news site . once so close : flay and march , who reportedly separated three weeks ago , pictured in january 2013 . tmz went on to report that the marriage began to unravel over the past year and a half . sources told tmz that the union crumbled when stephanie 's appendix burst and bobby did n't come to the hospital until the next day . stephanie claimed bobby said ' he was busy with work ' and instead sent his assistants to help her . moved out : the iron chef of america star - pictured in 2013 - is said to have moved out of the couple 's new york city apartment . boiling point : the marriage suffered when stephanie 's appendix burst and bobby did n't come to the hospital until the next day because he was busy , tmz reported ; flay was pictured with president obama in 2009 . in february , the pair did n't celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary together . according to tmz , bobby attended a wine festival in florida with his assistants instead . this will be stephanie 's first divorce and a third for flay , whose two previous marriages both ended in divorce . in january , flay was rumoured to be romantically involved with fellow chef giada de laurentiis after the 44-year-old giada at home star announced her split from her husband of 11 years , todd thompson . the iron chef of america star and giada were spotted having ' a festive dinner out together ' at cecconi 's , in the private soho beach house , in miami beach on december 27 , 2014 , as people reported . in a statement to gossip cop , giada said that any suggestion of a romance was false . bobby has a daughter sophie with second wife kate connelly , who he wed in 1995 and divorced in 1999 . his first wife is debra ponzek , who he wed in 1991 and split from in 1993 . ' festive dinner out ' : bobby and fellow chef giada de laurentiis ( pictured 2012 ) enjoyed ' a festive dinner out ' together in miami beach on december 27 , sparking rumours of a romance , which giada later denied .  