schoolgirl killer zbigniew huminski ( pictured ) did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering a nine-year-old . calais schoolgirl killer zbigniew huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life , prosecutors said today . the 38-year-old appeared before a judge on friday night and was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering the nine-year-old identified solely by her first name of chloe . despite being banned from france for earlier offences , zbigniew was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck . a statement released by boulogne prosecutors said : ' the investigating judge conducted his indictment for the following reasons : rape of a minor , kidnapping and murder . ' during his interrogation , the person in custody had admitted his involvement in the alleged crimes , but failed to state the reasons for his action . ' confirming that huminski had been ' placed in custody in a regional prison ' , his lawyer antoine deguines said : ' he did not speak to the judge , as his right . ' i have not been able to speak much with him , he does not talk much and , it seems , is in shock over what happened . it 's hard for him to address the facts ' . asked if zbigniew had offered any remorse , mr deguines said : ' no , he is saying very little about anything . ' it came as thousands prepared to take to the streets of calais on saturday to take part in a second ' white march ' to pay tribute to chloe , whose funeral will take place in the port city 's st peter 's church on wednesday . mr deguines confirmed huminski had been on his way to see his sister in southampton when he ' stopped for a beer ' in calais , and then attacked chloe while drunk . huminski was supposed to be in prison in poland - but he exploited his home country 's lax justice system to travel to france instead . this picture was the last taken of nine-year-old chloe at 2.31pm - she is seated in front of her family home . relatives have put this photograph at the scene where she was kidnapped . the career criminal was sentenced to a year behind bars in march , but under the rules in poland , he was supposed to take himself to jail . but he hit the road for france and , under the eu 's free movement rules , there was nothing to stop him driving across europe . nine-year-old chloe , seen in a last haunting photo posing with a carefree grin in the playground outside her home , was snatched as her terror-stricken mother tried helplessly to reach her . huminski has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe ( pictured ) . before isabelle hyart could do anything , huminski bundled chloe into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her . huminski has a long criminal record in france and poland , including once attacking a frail woman of 78 with a knife in her home . he was convicted in france in april 2010 , when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault , before being released early in march 2014 , when he was deported to warsaw . ms hyart , a mother of two other young children , said : ' i 'm appalled , disgusted . i do n't understand why he was in france . and why did he come to calais ? i do n't understand how anyone could do that to a child of nine . ' ms hyart said the brazen abduction happened in broad daylight on wednesday when she left her daughter in the playground to pop back inside the flat to change her four-year-old son 's clothing . huminski , who is single , originally moved to france in the early 2000s , and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the foreign legion as a soldier . he was rejected because of his long criminal record in france and poland . natacha bouchart , the calais mayor , said : ' how could a foreigner with many previous convictions be allowed to move freely around calais ? there is a clear dysfunction in the way we keep track of repeat offenders . ' last summer , alice gross , 14 , was murdered by a latvian builder who moved to the uk after serving a prison sentence for killing his wife . arnis zalkalns , 41 , spent seven years in jail in latvia but was still allowed in to britain without having his record checked . french prime minister manuel valls called for a full investigation in to huminski 's past , saying chloe 's family deserved the ' whole truth ' . christine taubira , the justice minister , also demanded a ' complete , precise and rapid ' investigation . ' the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken . walking together : the mayor of calais natacha bouchart ( right ) and the mother ( centre ) of chloe , identified only as isabelle , leave calais city hill with relatives yesterday .