taken hundreds of feet in the sky , these spectacular birds-eye photos taken by cameras fixed to manned drones show the stunning beauty of buildings and communities around the world . but attempting to recreate these amazing pictures is now much more difficult - and in some cases impossible - as a result of a clampdown on the use of drones for photographic purposes . new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone . since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world , due to privacy concerns , commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air with other aircraft . from capturing the street scene in barcelona to the majestic glory of the taj mahel , his photographs of some of the world’s most far-flung and enchanting places could become ‘ one of a kind’ as he re-posted them under a new blog post : ' my aerial drone shots would be totally illegal today ' . ‘ there was a window of about 18 months where it was possible to fly these things anywhere and people were excited to see it’ , mr chapple told business insider . ‘i’m glad i made use of that time . ’ scroll down for video . the lotus temple in delhi , india . the photograph was taken using a camera mounted on a quadcopter drone - offering a whole new perspective on the incredible building . the structure is the centre of the bahai'i faith in delhi and was designed by an iranian exile . mr chapple visited india with his drone to take this stunning picture of the taj mahal . ' there was a window of about 18 months where it was possible to fly these things anywhere and people were excited to see it ' , the photographer from new zealand said . the windswept liberty statue overlooking budapest , hungary . chapple used a camera strapped to a quadcopter to capture the image . high above barcelona , clouds while through the pillars of sagrat cor church . the authorities in charge of sites and cities like that have introduced tough new regulations to stop similar pictures being taken in the future , over privacy concerns and commercial rights . mr chapple travelled across europe on his photographic mission , visiting the star fort at bourtange , netherlands , for these pictures . the sultan ahmed mosque - or the ' blue mosque ' - in istanbul , turkey is seen against a much wider backdrop thanks to this birds-eye view . the aerial view of barcelona showcase the octagonial city blocks , designed to allow light and space on the street corners . chapple captured a ' unique ' perspective of a barge chugging along the magdeburg water bridge , passing over the elbe river in germany . russian holidaymakers might not have spotted they were being photographed as they lay on a beech in abkhazia - and privacy is one of the reasons authorities across the world have clamped down on the use of drone photography within their borders . the scale of the poverty of people living in maximum city , bombay , india , is brought into focus with a wide-scale aerial shot . the people gathering on the shore of the river ganges in india look as small as ants with the shot , taking hundreds of feet in the air . the mtkvari river winding through tbilisi , georgia , while the rooftop of the houses and buildings stand out in the sunny haze .