when booking a holiday it is easy to be confused when it turns out your flight to vancouver in canada goes to airport code yvr , or why you will be landing in malaga , spain , at an airport with the code agp . while many main airports have codes which make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york , of lhr for london heathrow , others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter . from unfortunate codes such as omg and sux to the funny lol , there are some seemingly very random three-letter combinations around the world . scroll down for video . airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries , allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are . two aviation fans set out to document the world 's airport codes and explain how they were chosen with their website airport codes . listing the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries , they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms , such as why many canadian airport codes begin with the letter y . cok - cochine international airport in india takes its code from the fact it is based in the city of kochi . doh - qatar 's glitzy new airport is named for the capital doha . agp - malaga airport did n't want to take its first three letters from the city name as mal means bad in spanish . so instead it is agp , taking ' ag ' from the middle of the word and filling with the letter ' p ' . sux - iowa 's sioux city airport ended up with the unfortunate three letter code sux and have tried to change it many times . now it has embraced the name with the tag line ' fly sux ' . ord - chicago o'hare endedup with the unusua ; l flight code which points to its past as orchard field . msy - new orleans louis armstrong 's code reflects aviator john moisant and the nearby moisant stock yards . omg - omega airport in namibia has the somewhat hilarious code of omg , which is often used as shorthand for ' oh my god ' . lol - in the spirit of unusual acronyms , the term usually use din text messages to signify ' laugh out loud ' is actually derby field airport in nevada , serving lovelock city ( hence the code ) . when codes were generated in the 1930s , old broadcast radio codes were sometimes used . in canada , radio stations used y , and this was reflected in the majority of their airport codes starting with the same letter , as shown with ywg representing winnipeg . the australian business traveller stated that during the first days of air travel , airports were given a two letter ' weather station ' code . as the amount of airports increased worldwide , this two-digit number rose to three so each could be given a unique code . cities with similar starting names like dublin and dubai caused the labelling to deviate from a regular system , with dubai adopting dxb , when dub was already assigned to dublin . the codes are known as iata location identifiers , and are set by the international air transport association ( iata ) . the triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks , to ensure they reach the correct destination . full lists of the code are published biannually in the iata airline coding directory . co-creator lynn fisher said she was inspired following hearing a talk about the rationale behind iata airport codes . ' ever since i’ve found it interesting and recently did a web search to see if there was a site that compiled all of those stories , ' the arizona-based designer said . ' nothing came up , so we decided to make one . ' many airports change names over the years so their airport codes might reflect a previous identity or purpose . 'it’s especially surprising ( and interesting ) when the code comes from very early or even unofficial designations . ' homer 's favourite airport ! airline codes explains why hamad international airport ended up with the doh code . many recognise lax to be the code for los angeles airport , but the extra x on the end has baffled travellers for a while , and can be explained by the transition from two letters to three . the inclusion of an extra letter is the explanation behind the famous lax code , which was just la during the 1930s . the airport added the extra x around 1947 to reflect the change in the number of required letters . several others similarly adopted the x , which can be seen in airport codes such as pdx for portland , and dxb for dubai . codes were sometimes worked out using the city it was located , followed by the name of the airport itself , for example lhr was used for london heathrow and lgw for london gatwick . one of the funnier airport codes is cochin international airport in kochi in india , which reverses the first three letters of its place name . portugal’s second busiest airport , porto uses the code opo . it is named after its alternate english spelling : oporto . confusingly there are exceptions to the rule , with london stansted airport being given the stn as its code . perhaps the most entertaining tale on the site is the story of iowa 's sioux city airport . the unfortunate code for this airport is sux , which they tried multiple times in vain to change . once accepting defeat , they used the code to their advantage , using the memorable phrase ' fly sux . ' co-creator software engineer nick crohn said : 'that’s probably one of the things that’s most enjoyable about the codes . ' they are keys to the airport’s history . ' ord for chicago o’hare points to its past as orchard field and msy for new orleans louis armstrong reflects aviator john moisant and the nearby moisant stock yards . lynn admitted the codes that make words like fat , for fresno in california , are her favourite . instead of malaga airport using the code mal , which translates in spanish as bad , they opted for taking the middle letters from malaga , and adding a p . travellers going to beijing capital international may be confused to see pek on their luggage tags . however this is from older english spelling of beijing , which was peking .