a lot of the attention on sunday was aimed in the direction of rory mcilroy and tiger woods who were paired up in the final round . mcilroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 for the back nine on friday and following it with scores of 68 and 66 over the weekend . the world no 1 finished strongly , but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket . tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired together for the final day , but neither could mount a challenge . mcilroy is yet to win the masters but his birdie at the last gave him a final round of 66 and elevated him into a fourth-place finish . not what he was hoping for but a performance that suggests it wo n't be long until he adds a green jacket to his major collection . mcilroy , speaking on bbc two after finishing 12 under : ' i played well . i 've played well over the entire weekend , a disappointing finish yesterday ... but there are a lot of positives to take from it . ' i did n't quite have enough and it does n't look like anyone could have kept up with jordan this week . woods and mcilroy shake hands after playing their final round together at the augusta national golf club . woods and mcilroy share a joke during the final round of the 2015 masters at augusta . mcilroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place , six shots behind the eventual winner . spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta . the 21-year-old american , who finished in a tie for second in 2014 , held a four-shot lead heading into sunday and never looked in trouble despite the efforts of the chasing pack led by phil mickelson and justin rose . spieth led all week at augusta , becoming the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters before bogeying the 18th hole , and proudly collected the green jacket for the first time in his young career . jordan spieth won his first ever major title with victory at the masters at augusta on sunday . his final round of 70 went along with his first three scores this week of 64 , 66 and 70 to round off a stunning performance . and mcilroy admits he was beaten by the better man this week . ' if someone had told me i would finish 12 under at the start of the week i would have taken it and sat back and seen where i finished , ' he said . ' jordan started fantastically well and has kept his foot down and been really impressive . ' the 21-year-old won the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career having finished runner up in 2014 .