he is about to turn 80 but self-confessed ladies’ man albert roux has evidently lost none of his charm . the legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux , last year . the coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna . chef albert roux with his second wife , zimbabwean-born heiress , cheryl roux before their divorce last year . sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with ms lutsyshyna , a 41-year-old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster . but this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with debbie spivey izo , an american divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage to cheryl , 58 . he has also been meeting up with british landscape artist lynne moore and eastern european tea hostess ljiljana pavicevic . last weekend roux was reportedly due to be helping his son michel jr cook at tennis star andy murray’s wedding reception at the cromlix house hotel in scotland . instead he whisked ms lutsyshyna off on a romantic getaway to the south of france where they dined at the michelin-starred joel robuchon monte-carlo restaurant . ‘ albert went to a lot of trouble to treat nataliya , ’ a friend of the chef said . nataliya lutsyshyna ( left ) was whisked on a romantic getaway with the chef . right , ljiljana cejovic pavicevic , or ' lily ' , has had dinners with mr roux . debbie spivey izo ( left ) , an american divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage and lynne moore ( right ) who says she has been invited to ' half a dozen dinners ' . mr roux , who once confessed to giving up on his childhood dream of becoming a priest due to his philandering , started stepping out with ms lutsyshyna last year after the mail on sunday revealed that his wife was divorcing him on the grounds of adultery . at the time , mr roux admitted he had seen miss lutsyshyna ‘ a week , maybe ten days before the end of the marriage’ . mr roux , who divorced his first wife monique , the mother of his two children – michel jr , and danielle – in 2001 , is said to have spent thousands on his new girlfriend . says a source : ‘ some of albert’s friends are very concerned about the amount of money that he is frittering away . ’ however , while he is in an exclusive romantic relationship with miss lutsyshyna , she is not the only woman in his life . ms spivey izo reappeared on the scene soon after mr roux’s split with cheryl . she flew to scotland to see mr roux at his establishments there soon after he became a single man again . ‘ debbie has been on the scene for years , ’ adds a source . ‘ she was dating albert before he met cheryl and she never really went away . as soon as his marriage to cheryl ended , albert was back in touch with her . ’ lynne moore , who met albert roux through lib dem peer lord sharman , admitted to the mail on sunday that they regularly meet up : ‘ albert has kindly invited me to about half a dozen dinners . 'he’s very nice , but we are not in a romantic relationship . ’ mr roux has known ljiljana pavicevic , since 2008 . she and roux they often enjoy dinners together . when contacted by the mail on sunday , ms pavicevic , who is known as lily , said : ‘ i see mr roux with other colleagues , i have never had a dinner alone with him . ’ last night cheryl declined to comment . a spokesman for mr roux said : ‘ he has no comment to make on this . he tries to be extremely private . ’ 