the mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock ( pictured ) has perplexed scientists . an object that appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has captured the world 's attention since it was found in the 1990s , but the debate rages on about what it really is . russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old , leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation , or even the work of aliens . however , experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer – that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature . the researchers stumbled across the ‘screw’ after searching the kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there , ancient code reported . the ‘screw’ measures an inch ( 2cm ) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group . they claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after x-raying it , believe there is another hidden ‘screw’ inside the stone . but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online . the kosmopoisk group has not said what the screw is made of , or given any detailed information about it . the self-styled group , which is also known as spacesearch and the russian scientific organisation , conducts expeditions to sites that are believed to have extraterrestrial activity or unusual creatures - and has a mixed reputation . scroll down for video . the screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature , which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . fossils of jurassic crinoids collected in israel are pictured . the leading hypothesis from experts who have seen photos of the stone is that the ‘ screw ' is actually the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid . the screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature , which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . some 600 species of crinoids are now extinct but the creatures live on in different forms in modern seas . they have five arms to snatch passing prey and a hidden mouth on the top . it is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘ sea lily’ – a type of crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult , to tether itself to the seabed . crinoids were extremely common millions of years ago , and countless fossils have been found , some segments of which do resemble screws . russian researchers have dated the unusual ' screw ' to 300 million years old , leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation , or even the work of aliens ( stock image ) . researchers stumbled across the ‘screw’ after searching the kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there . the ‘screw’ measures an inch ( 2cm ) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group . there are hundreds of species of extinct crinoids , although the marine animal continues to live in seas today . crinoids have a mouth on the top surface - next to their gut and anus - that 's surrounded by feeding arms to grab passing prey . they generally have five main arms and a stem to attach themselves to rocks or the seabed . in fossilised form , the stem does resemble a screw . it 's thought they were more common in ancient times , because limestone beds dating to the mid palaeozoic are full of crinoid fossils . the first crinoids are thought to have appeared in the ordovician period , between 488 million years ago and ending 444 million years ago and underwent a selective mass extinction at the end of the permian period , where they evolved more flexible arms . crinoid fossils look slightly different to reflect the variations across the species . however , some say that the stalks of crinoids were typically much smaller than the ‘screw’ , with slightly different markings , and have discarded the theory . more far-fetched theories include that the ' screw ' is the remains of an ancient form of technology that proves aliens lived on earth millions of years ago , or that our ancestors were far more advanced than we think . nigel watson , author of the ufo investigations manual told mailonline : ‘ lots of out-of-place artefacts have been reported , such as nails or even tools embedded in ancient stone . ' some of these reports are…misinterpretations of natural formations . ‘ in this case sceptics claim the screw is nothing more than the fossilised remains of a crinoid marine animal , while believers note that the screw is very different from the surrounding fossil evidence . ‘ it would be great to think we could find such ancient evidence of a spaceship visiting us so long ago , but we have to consider whether extra-terrestrial spacecraft builders would use screws in the construction of their craft . ‘ it also seems that this story is probably a hoax that is being spread by the internet , and reflects our desire to believe that extra-terrestrials have visited us in the past and are still visiting us today in what we now call ufos . ’ the leading hypothesis is that the ‘ screw ; is actually the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid . it had a thick stem that attached it to the sea bed , which looks a bit like a screw when it 's fossilised ( pictured ) . some 600 species of crinoids are now extinct but the creatures live on in new forms in our seas today . this image shows a modern crinoid , known as a variable bushy feather star in the philippines . the alien that terrified people in the 1979 sci-fi film , was inspired by a crinoid . swiss surrealist artist , hans rudolf giger , created many artworks based on fossils , which were seen by ridley scott who commissioned giger to make props for his film . mr giger 's designs - one of which was all too memorably seen bursting out of a character 's chest on screen - went on to win his team an academy award for best achievement for visual effects on the 1979 film and the franchise that followed . the alien that terrified people in the 1979 sci-fi film , alien ( pictured ) was inspired by a crinoid . he was inspired by a 300-million-year-old crinoid fossil , which was stolen in 2012 . while the piece was returned to the aathal dinosaur museum in zurich , switzerland , from which it was taken , it was slightly damaged . museum curator dr. thomas bolliger said : ' it was comparatively undamaged - although one of the arms had broken off . ' it really is a remarkable fossil and shows two separate species of a spineless animal that lived at the bottom of the sea around 300 million years ago . ' a museum spokesman added : ' it is a very valuable but also a very unique fossil and it will be very difficult for anybody to sell or indeed to keep secret given the publicity around the theft . ' alien abduction : swiss surrealist artist , hans rudolf giger , created many artworks based on fossils , which were seen by ridley scott who commissioned giger to make props for his film . this rare crinoid fossil was stolen from a museum and later returned damaged .