countryfile presenter ellie harrison said that she completely ' accepts ' that she will one day be replaced on the bbc show . the 37-year-old , who has defended her image against criticism that she 's too ' hollywood ' , told the mirror : ' you 're hot one year but completely out of favour the next . ' but the mother-of-two , who joined the programme in 2011 , said she 'd love to stay where she is for ' a long time ' . scroll down for video . ellie harrison has spoken about how she believes that she will fall out of favour on countryfile . she told the mirror : ' it 's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you . ' she continued to say that she knew that she would become less popular . ' you are hot one year but completely out of favour the next . i know next year someone will be hotfooting it . i accept that and i know that . ' for ellie her appearance has always been a sensitive area on countryfile as in december 2014 she revealed that she was told to tone down her look . after her first appearance on the bbc show in 2011 she was told her flowing blonde tresses were ' too present . ' she was asked by producers on the sunday evening show to be more countryside , ' less hollywood ' in her appearance - a statement she believes was related to the long blonde locks that have earned her fame . ellie says that as a woman ' what you get is not down to you ' and she would n't be surprised if she was replaced . in 2011 ellie was asked by producers to be ' less present ' a comment she believes was directed at her blonde hair . pictured : presenters ( l-r ) matt baker , ellie , adam henson , tom heap and john craven . at the time she said the statement was an example of the problems she has encountered because of her good looks , as well as the different culture in the uk compared to the us - which she said was far more welcoming . ' it is celebratory over there ; they really want you to do well , ' the mother-of-two told countryside magazine . ' it 's like over here they would almost rather you were on the edge of a breakdown . ' in 2009 miriam o'reilly successfully sued the bbc for age discrimination after being dropped by the show in a revamp . ellie previously worked for the countryfile discovery channel in america and has spoken about the problem of being viewed first for her looks and regarded as a ' blonde , fluffy thing . ' her long blonde hair has attracted much debate among viewers of countryfile and the presenter previously admitted her tresses get much attention . she added : ' i get asked a lot about my hair . it 's a subject that always seems to come up . ' ellie has previously spoken about her looks being a barrier to her career , with people presuming because she is attractive she will not be able to do her job properly . the journalist said : ' it can get in the way of people thinking you 're credible , so i try and shrug it off . ' i 've had people approach me – inside and outside tv – who are surprised i can string a sentence together . ' this is not the first time the bbc has been under the spotlight for judging women by their looks and age , and ellie was candid about being aware that her career in television could stop without much warning . in 2008 miriam o'reilly was dropped from the show and won a tribunal against the corporation three years later for age discrimination . her case for sex discrimination failed . miriam was axed from the show , along with juliet morris and michaela strachan , when it moved to a prime time sunday evening slot . she was given three years to return to the bbc but decided to leave in 2012 to launch a service for women facing discrimination in the workplace . miriam was replaced by julia bradbury , 43 and more than 10 years her junior .   