while rory mcilroy is no stranger to pumping iron , the world 's no 1 golfer will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym to get close to matching american teenager brad dalke . mcilroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman . dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his twitter page with the note , ' sorry rory . ' ' look at this ... no chance , ' rory mcilroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old brad dalke . dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world no 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event . mcilroy is no match for dalke , the teenager who will join oklahoma university in the autumn . mcilroy had run a clinic and offered some inspirational words to players on friday at a junior invitational at the sage valley golf club in graniteville , south carolina , sponsored by nike . there he met dalke and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle . as they took a knee , with elbows on a table as is customary , mcilroy could n't help but be impressed by the 17-year-old 's biceps . ' look at this ... no chance , ' mcilroy laughed while poking dalke 's arm . ' i should n't be a golfer , ' dalke , who listed ' working out ' among his interests on his 2014 junior us ryder cup team profile , joked back . oklahoma university hopes he was n't serious having had the prodigy lined up via a verbal agreement to play for them since he was just 12 years old . mcilroy , whose long game is one of the best in golf , pumps iron in the gym . the weights work in the gym did n't help mcilroy when he came face-to-face with dalke . schooling the world 's best golfer in an arm wrestle will do his bragging rights no harm when he arrives on campus to end the institution 's five-year wait for him to come of age this year . dalke will join the sooners after graduating a year early from high school , having completed extra classes since he was a freshman ( the equivalent of year nine in the uk ) . he told golf week last year that it was a ' dream come true ' when he was told he 'd be able to ditch move into college early . ' it 's the only place i wanted to go , ' dalke said .  - 2008 drive , chip and putt national champion . - us kids world champion in 2010 . - committed verbally to oklahoma university at the age of 12 . - won the 2011 ajga thunderbird international junior . - american junior golf association first team all-american in 2011 , 2012 and 2013 . - member of the usa team that won a fourth successive junior ryder cup in 2014 at blairgowrie golf club . - tied for third in the 2014 junior pga championship . - winner of the 2013 ping invitational . - equalled tiger woods’ wyndham cup appearances record playing from 2011 to 2014 . - moved from home in mckinney , texas , to hobart , oklahoma , where less credits are required to graduate high school . - has a 4.0 grade point average and will begin university at oklahoma a year early after picking up extra credits since he was a freshman . dalke is a talented junior golfer and was a member of team usa when they won the 2014 junior ryder cup . dalke celebrates the usa 's fourth successive junior ryder cup win blairgowrie golf club . dalke committed to oklahoma university at age 12 and has finished high school a year early to join them . getting one over one of the greats of the game could also give dalke a confidence boost that he 's been in need of on the course after hitting a disappointing 85 in the first round at sage valley . he shared his frustration with his twitter following of less than 2,000 , a number that is sure to grow . ' really bad day of golf today . ca n't wait to get through this slump , and even though it 's tough to see now , i know i 'll be stronger in the end , ' he posted . he was right . the next day he shot a much-improved 72 and wrote : ' way better day today . shot a 72 . felt like a whole different person out there . '  