‘ guys can tell if a girl is taking collagen or not . ’ that’s the bizarre tagline for a new brand of japanese beer that claims to make women beautiful . the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . scroll down for video . a new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful . as it gets older , the body’s reserves of collagen deplete , causing skin to lose firmness and develop wrinkles . collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure . but before cancel the gym for a night out , rocketnews24 says the beer is currently on available in japan’s northern island of hokkaido . the company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials , or how much it costs . this isn’t the first time japan has tried to pump collagen into people . last year tokyo eatery , zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles . the grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly . last year tokyo eatery , zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles . the grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly . tokyo skin expert tatsuto tamura explains : ' this has been popular in japan for generations although only now is it becoming mainstream and known in the west too . ' people here seek out collagen-enriched foods such as chicken , pigs ' feet or shark fin because they believe it will help their skin , ' he added . in the us , many restaurants now serve special ' wrinkle free ' menus of dishes loaded with collagen . but the craze has not , however , impressed british skin specialists , and the british skin foundation claims that eating collagen does not benefit the skin in any way . using x-ray beams , scientists were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . it is probably the most unpleasant experiment you will read about today : what happens when your skin starts to tear . researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart . they found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . they discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage . the findings help to explain why the thin layer of cells that cover our bodies is able to provide such an effective barrier to the outside world .