kim kardashian has revealed that she is going to great lengths to make sure that her luxurious designer wardrobe stays in mint condition because she plans on handing ‘everything’ down to her 22-month-old daughter north west . the 34-year-old reality star explained that she is creating an ' archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of north inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older . ' [ ‘i’m saving ] every last piece , ’ kim told the huffington post of her most memorable designer ensembles . ‘ everything . i have a full archive . the dress that i wore on the cover of vogue will be hers . all of my met gala dresses . ' scroll down for video . family values : kim , who is pictured with her smiling daughter north west , revealed that the 22-month-old will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older . mini-me : kim kardashian and her 22-month-old daughter north west wear matching back while sightseeing in armenia . the mother-of-one added : ' i keep everything and put it in these clear plastic bags altogether with the shoes - the whole look of what i wore . ' as kim named her givenchy wedding dress , which she wore last may to wed kanye west in florence , italy , as the ' prize piece ' in her clothing collection , it’s likely that the one-of-a-kind gown will also be handed down to her young daughter one day . kim credited her husband for ' introducing ' her to the fashion world and added that she wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps and be confident in what she wears . she added : ' i took a lot of direction from my husband when he introduced me more to the fashion world . and now i love taking risks . i love wearing things that maybe i couldn’t quite understand at the time . ' and kim maintained that she loves all forms of personal style as long as it 's unique to the individual . ' i just love when someone has their own style - even if it’s something that i wouldn’t wear , ' she said . ' so i would just encourage north to be herself and wear what she thinks she looks good in . just be yourself and take risks . ' hot mommy : the 34-year-old , pictured in a figure-hugging nude skirt , said she thinks she dresses sexier now that is a mother . kim also admitted that she is usually responsible for dressing north , she said the 37-year-old rapper always finds something ' super cute ' for their little girl to wear . ' i love when he picks out her clothes , ' she explained . ' i know if i go downstairs to make breakfast and ask him to get her dressed that she’ll come down looking super cute . but usually i pretty much pick out her outfits . ' and with a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as kim , it 's no surprise that north is already developing an obsession with beauty products - and shoes . last week , the keeping up with the kardashian star spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body . ' [ north ] is obsessed with make-up and watching me get ready and getting ready herself , ' kim told the website . ' she just loves the process . she could not be more ultimately girly-girl . ' family time : kim can be seen holding north 's hand while she and kanye tour armenia . stellar style : north wore a black fringed dress , black combat boots and an olive green jacket while out with her parents . the mother-of-one noted that after she gives north , who will turn two in june , a bath her adorable daughter always asks for her ' purse ' because she really wants to grab her mom 's make-up bag , which is inside . kim said that if she turns around for a second , north will have her lipstick ' all over her face ' , so she had to give her a ' little make-up bag ' of her own . not surprisingly , the reality tv star , who often matches north 's outfits to her own , admitted that she likes it when kid 's wear 'mini-me styles ' and she loves ' seeing kids in black ' . while kim insisted that north ' gravitates towards really simple things ' when it comes to clothing , she noted that her little girl ' loves accessories ' . according to kim , the toddler always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning . she added that north ' just discovered backpacks so she loves to put them on ' . in fact , north loves luggage in general . the precious tot , who has been photographed lugging a small frozen-themed suitcase through the airport , always tries to take her mom 's luggage . holiday spirit : north donned a flower and a white ensemble that matched her mother 's dress when the kardashian family went to church on easter . matching looks : kim and north donned neutral coats during a trip to the airport . ' we got the frozen suitcase so she has to carry it everywhere , ' she explained . ' it took us about 30 minutes longer to get through the airport because she had to carry her suitcase herself . ’ she noted that north did n't want to be picked up , adding : ' she 's very independent . kim believes that her daughter 's independence may have to do with the fact she was adamant about north sleeping in her own room - and now that 's where she prefers to be . ' she kind of likes to be in her own room and that has allowed [ kanye and i ] to have our time together , ' she said . kim said that she does n't want to tell anyone how to parent , but it was important to her as a new mom that she set boundaries and dedicate five to ten percent of her day to herself in order to maintain her sanity . in sync : north , who loves accessories , was photographed wearing a ysl bag to the airport and striped pants that matched her mom 's button-down shirt . ' it worked for me to be able to get my work out in , make me feel good about myself , put my daughter down to bed at a decent time , and have the night with my husband , ' she said . and because those post-baby workouts helped her get back in shape , she has a newfound confidence that has inspired her to flaunt her body in cleavage-baring tops and figure-hugging dresses . ' [ i think i dress ] sexier now than i did before , ' she said of her mommy style . kim , who helped her sisters kourtney and khloe launch their latest kardashian kids children 's collection at nordstrom.com on monday , noted that she always gives 100per cent of herself to every project she takes on . ' nothing comes easy , ' she said . ' i know that people joke all the time and try to figure out , you know , what it is that i do , but i work really hard . i get up every day at 5 a.m. and start my day . '