the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee has denied that partisan politics in washington dc could derail america's landmark agreement to curb iran 's nuclear capabilities . countering president barack obama 's previous assertion , senator bob corker , a republican from tennessee , said on sunday that congressional oversight ' does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . the 62-year-old politician continued : ' we just set in place a process to ensure that if there 's a deal , it 's a deal that will stand the test of time , that will keep iran from getting a nuclear weapon . ' making an appearance on fox news sunday , corker said that congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with iran is essential to help make sure that the deal is not a bad one . scroll down for video . chairman : senator bob corker ( pictured ) , of the senate foreign relations committee , has denied partisan politics in washington dc could derail america 's landmark agreement to curb iran 's nuclear capabilities . he said that congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the obama administration hard questions about it , before finally voting on it . ' it 's very important that congress is in the middle of this , understanding , teasing out , asking those important questions , ' corker said . negotiators announced a framework deal on thursday . the deal is scheduled to be finalized by june 30 . meanwhile , the committee is due to meet april 14 to consider corker 's legislation to ensure that congress debates and signs off on any pact . the bill requires the president to transmit , within five days of reaching a final deal , the text of the full agreement , along with materials related to its implementation . with key elements still to be finalized , the framework agreement sealed by u.s.-led world powers describes a program for stunting iran 's capacity to produce nuclear weapons , while giving tehran quick access to assets and markets now blocked by international sanctions . in defending the framework and a potential final pact , us energy secretary ernest moniz cited what he called ' unprecedented access and transparency ' into iran 's nuclear activities . argument : countering president barack obama 's ( pictured ) previous assertion , corker , a republican from tennessee , told fox news sunday that congressional oversight ' does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . these will allow the u.s. and its partner negotiators to know almost instantly should iran try to evade the oversight , moniz said during an appearance on cbs ' ' face the nation . this is a long-term arrangement , he stressed , with requirements lasting a quarter century or more . ' we 'll have eyes on the entire supply chain of uranium , ' he added on the program . ' going back to mines , the mills , we 'll have continuous surveillance of centrifuge production . ' israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has criticized the framework as deeply flawed and a threat to israel 's very existence . he is urging negotiators to improve the agreement or scuttle it . other republicans have echoed netanyahu 's concerns . senator lindsey graham , a republican from south carolina , said on sunday the proposed deal is a bad one - but was the best one obama could get because the iranians do n't fear or respect him . response : israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ( left ) has criticized the framework deal as deeply flawed and a threat to israel 's very existence . but in defending the framework , us energy secretary ernest moniz ( right ) cited what he called ' unprecedented access and transparency ' into iran 's nuclear activities . he said that he favors waiting until a new president , democratic or republican , takes office in january 2017 and then trying again . in the meantime , economic and financial sanctions would stay in place . ' is there a better deal to be had ? i think so , ' graham said on cbs ' ' face the nation . ' but a senior senate democrat , dianne feinstein , warned that bashing the proposed deal could backfire on netanyahu . the israeli prime minister and other critics of the framework agreement have offered no viable alternatives , she said on cnn 's ' state of the union . ' feinstein said imposing more and stiffer economic sanctions would only drive iran 's nuclear program deeper underground and make it more difficult to monitor . ' i wish he would contain himself , ' feinstein , the top democrat on the senate intelligence committee , said of netanyahu . officials ( l-r ) european union high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini , iranian foreign minister javad zarifat , and an unidentified russian official , look on as british foreign secretary philip hammond shakes hands with secretary of state john kerry in switzerland . the preliminary deal , announced in switzerland on thursday , sees iran agree to not build any new centrifuges for 15 years , and not enrich uranium at the previously secret fordow site for 15 years . the country also agrees to reduce nuclear-material centrifuges from 19,000 to 6,104 , let the iaea store all the extra centrifuges , give iaea inspectors access to its uranium mills for 25 years and rebuild heavy-water reactor at arak so it ca n't produce weapons-grade plutonium . and it would not build any new heavy-water reactors for 15 years . in return , the west will give iran relief from nuclear-related economic sanctions ' if it verifiably abides by its commitments ' , and lift ' all past un security council resolutions on the iran nuclear issue ' as soon as iran has completed all its promised 'nuclear-related actions ' . america 's sanctions on iran relating to ' terrorism , human rights abuses , and ballistic missiles ' will remain in place .