' out of character ' : jay kantaria , 38 , had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto train tracks last october . a city high flier jumped ‘ feet first’ in front of a train after leaving his job at an investment management company to spend more time with his family , an inquest heard today . jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north-west london , had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill . but a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ' doubt ' as to mr kantaria 's intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station last october . north london coroner 's court in barnet was told the businessman had ‘recently’ left his senior position at baring asset management to start a career in property development . the london school of economics graduate died instantly of ‘ a severe traumatic brain injury’ and had to be identified from his fingerprints . coroner andrew walker expressed his ‘ deepest sympathies’ to mr kantaria’s 37-year-old wife , monica , and his surviving family . he said nairobi-born mr kantaria had worked as the chairman 's assistant at baring , but had decided to become a property developer . the coroner said the cause of death was ‘ a severe traumatic brain injury’ , consistent with being struck by a rapidly-moving train . mr kantaria had no alcohol or drugs in his system and did not suffer from any known psychiatric problems , mr walker added . location : mr kantaria leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill ( above ) in north-west london . train driver michael hughes recounted how mr kantaria ‘ seemed to have a good look at my train’ . mr hughes said in a statement : ‘ i then lost sight of him . when i passed the bridge i saw who i believe to be the same male run to the edge of the platform and jump feet-first . ' he added that he felt no impact but immediately activated the emergency brake and called for help . detective constable terry hancocks from british transport police said : ‘ the line speed was 100mph . he [ mr hughes ] was travelling at about 85mph’ . the investigator said mr kantaria ‘ appears to move from the platform ... and then he is caught by the camera just in the air , before being struck by the train’ . the coroner advised mr kantaria’s family not to view stills from the cctv footage . scene : the businessman died instantly of ‘ a severe traumatic brain injury’ at the station ( seen from above ) . mr hancocks said : ‘ i did speak to mrs kantaria . the gentleman had just given up his job to spend more time with his wife and children and it was completely , completely out of character . as far as the family are concerned , it was completely out of the blue . ’ when the coroner indicated he was ready to record the death as a suicide , mrs kantaria , a senior auditor at jp morgan chase , said : ‘ he had everything to live for . ' he was looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party the following week . there is no reason i have to believe that he intended his life to come to an end . ’ the coroner replied : ‘ in the circumstances , i think there is a doubt in my mind about what his intention was , so i am going to leave the conclusion open . jay kantaria jumped in front of a train at sudbury hill station and died . ' the conclusion , for the reason i have said , is an open conclusion . there is no evidence to suggest he was at risk of bringing his life to an end . he had everything to live for and it just doesn’t seem to make sense . ’ mr kantaria had also worked at wellington management and halbis capitalmanagement - and had strengths in ‘ communication and relationship management’ , according to his linkedin profile .