from location tagging to unmonitored comments to blatant sexual harassment , a new video streaming app has all the ingredients to become a parent 's latest nightmare . periscope , twitter 's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology , which claims on its website that it is ' the closest thing to teleportation ' . despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app , which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled , while using the technology . streaming revolution : periscope , an iphone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched last thursday . warning : app developer justin esgar is warning parents about the app 's various ' land mines ' and insists that they need to monitor their child 's use of it ( stock image ) . justin esgar , app developer of the app goodnight , told daily mail online that because periscope ' allows users to share even more of their intimate lives with each other than ever before ' , there are ' apparent dangers ' that users have to consider before accessing it . emma barker , sex and relationships editor at cosmopolitan.com , noted that the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app 's settings in order to sexually harass women - including one of her female friends . she explained that her friend recently tried out the app by sharing a conversation she was having with her female roommate . they were fully clothed , sitting on a couch and casually conversing , yet ' within the first 20 seconds the first comment popped up’ , asking for the women to ‘ show butt’ . while neither of them were speaking in an even remotely sexual manor , the lude comments continued to pour in and included phrases such as : ' show boobs ' , ' age ? ' and ' i would soooo swipe right on both [ sic ] ! ' one particularly creepy user asked : ' do you get out of the shower to pee ? ' according to periscope 's community guidelines , the app prohibits ' pornographic or overtly sexual content ' as well as ' explicitly graphic content or media that is intended to incite violent , illegal or dangerous activities ' . and while a spokesperson for the app told emma that periscope has a team dedicated to content review , there does n't appear to be anything specific being done to prevent sexual commentary and online harassment . the app 's policies are , unsurprisingly , similar to twitter , which is currently testing out a ' quality filter ' that monitors and removes threats and offensive language out of users notifications feeds . it 's not clear as to whether or not periscope will be given a similar screening system . but the recent reports of harassment and bullying have sparked concern among parents of many of the children and teenagers who currently have access to the app – raising questions about whether it is truly safe for young people to be using it , given that they could potentially be opening themselves up to all manner of abuse , be it of a violent , or sexual , nature . another startling revelation about the app , was revealed by fast company editor rose pastore , who was testing out the app and learned that it had a major privacy flaw . according to rose , if users neglected to turn off the location sharing feature , their video streams would be accompanied by a ' zoomable ' map which allowed others to pinpoint their exact locations down to the intersection . thankfully , periscope disabled the zooming feature on the map as a part of its first system update , but the app still enables locations . special features : the app , which is owned by twitter , allows users to follow certain people ( l ) and scroll through a ' watch ' feed of live videos ( r ) . mr esgar noted : ' periscope requires not only your camera and microphone , but access to your location [ if you want to broadcast video ] . this means not only are you sharing your video , you are letting other users know where you are . ' he added : ' that means your children potentially being found by , best case , a disgruntled ex-spouse . the worst case clearly presents even higher levels of danger . you can easily search for users of the app , even if their tweet streams are privatized . ' periscope does enable users to hide their location once they begin broadcasting - but many users admit they did n't think to disable the feature before starting their video stream . while testing the app , mr esgar said he watched kevin jonas and his daughter ride bicycles , a german man drinking , comedian jim gaffigan getting his hair washed and an office learning about periscope . ' i don’t know or follow any of these people on twitter but there it was , all live for me to watch on my train ride home , ' he said . and while periscope has provided guidelines for content , mr esgar noted that there does n't seem to be any ' curation on the app either ' - essentially allowing users to show whatever they want . users can report them , or even block , any people that they do not wish to be able to see their videos , and can also hide any or all chats any time by swiping right , scrolling to the bottom of the list of viewers and selecting ' hide chat ' . but by then it may already too late . you ca n't unsee something you have already seen , especially if you are an impressionable child . 'we’ve all heard stories of people sending nude photos to one another either via text or other social media apps , ' mr esgar explained . ' now you can easily stream nude videos . clearly , this opens a lot of potential land mines for parents to now have to try and control . ' one user 's labeled his periscope live stream video : ' i 'm brabroadcastingom my hotel room in la . what could be more exciting than that ? stop by and say hello ? ' another touted a live video of a ' crazy party in london ' . and then there is the issue of children and teens falling prey to online bullying . mr esgar said that he ' witnessed a tireless stream of anonymous people saying things that would be inappropriate for a younger audience . the dangers of online bullying are huge , and periscope , while a great app when used responsibly , allows bullying to escalate exponentially . ' he said the app should alter its features to include stronger privacy options , the ability to block location services , curation of commentary , as well as the addition of parental controls . 'periscope’s concept is great - live streaming made easy , ' he said , before adding : ' but maybe it’s just too easy ? '