we spend a third of our lives asleep , but most of us do n't pay attention to what our mind and body actually need during these resting hours in order to feel refreshed every day . the sleep health foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . according to chair professor david hillman , those misplaced hours of sleep must be paid back in order to be functional for the entire week . a study has outlined that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . the average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours , with a range of seven to nine , the abc have reported . any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person . professor hillman added that our sleep pattern is influenced by how much we are willing to compromise from the work week . ' a lot of us pay back a bit of that debt on the weekend but i think it 's possible to exist in a sort of tolerable , sleep-restricted state , ' he said . ' in other words you 're not optimal , but you 're still functional . ' pushing these sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people . therefore , the hours must be paid back to avoid an error rate in alertness tasks . any less than six or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person . if power napping , it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in . in relation to a sleep schedule , professor hillman said the eight hours per night does not necessarily need to be consecutive . ' interestingly enough , your slow wave sleep , is in the first four hours , ' he said . ' most adults , the most convenient way our particular society is organised is to have your eight hours in a continuous block overnight but that 's not a necessary thing . ' if choosing to break up your eight hours of sleep , napping throughout the day is the answer . professor hillman advises 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep and suffering from inertia which makes you feel temporarily worse off . ' the longer naps , you get the sleep inertia but ultimately once you 've got up , they sustain you better , ' he said . professor hillman has also advised that if you are waking up tired and fatigued it could be due to sleep apnoea which is often associated with snoring .  