tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in south america , the tiny fishing village of jose ignacio is almost unknown around the world . but every summer , this sleepy backwater hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world , celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys . staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea , they converge of the beach - a mass of honeyed limbs and perfect figures stretched out in the sun while planning where to party that night . the tiny village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous , filed with pretty villas and sleek beach huts . rolling stone ronnie wood ( left ) and colombian singer shakira ( right ) are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight by holidaying in the chic resort of jose ignacio . so , what has brought everyone from colombian singer shakira to rolling stone ronnie wood and restaurateur and playboy giuseppe cipriani - the man behind the glamorous cipriani restaurants dotted around the world 's most stylish cities - to these shores ? wedged between oversized neighbours argentina and brazil , uruguay has largely stayed off the radar for european and american travellers , but has long been a favourite summer spot for south americans thanks to its endless golden beaches and low prices . with an area of just 68,000 square miles , the country 's sizeable atlantic coastline is home to pretty villages , two major cities - the capital montevideo and the glorious colonial portuguese town of colonia - while the interior is dotted with little more than estancia farms breeding cattle and growing wine . each summer ( during the american and european winter ) , uruguay 's beaches are taken over by well-heeled brazilians and argentinians looking for good food and sunshine . even the luxury boutiques selling trinkets alongside designer products are designed in the shabby chic beach style . la huella is one of the most famous restaurants in jose ignacio and a favourite with holidaymakers for its relaxed beach atmosphere . as telenovela ( soap opera ) actresses and latin film stars descended on the coast , one resort in particular became the haunt of the rich and famous . punta del este , about 85 miles east of montevideo , was soon known as the miami of south america , with sumptuous hotels , pop-up restaurants run by celebrity chefs and visitors ranging from supermodels and actors to company ceos . there are so many celebrity homes in the area that there has actually been a bus tour launched , much like the ones in la and new york . and punta del este even has its own area called beverly hills . naomi campbell has visited , as have british and spanish royalty , footballer diego maradona has a house nearby and even former us president george bush has stayed . locals and visitors stay understated in their beachwear ( left ) and the entrance of the village itself is posted with colourful signs by the side of the sandy roads . the dark-tiled pool perfectly reflects the sky and blends in with the sea beyond at the exclusive playa vik hotel . while the golden beaches of uruguay are the main draw for argentinian and brazilian visitors , but those coming from further afield may want to combine jose ignacio and punta del este with some other hotspots . colonia del sacramento is perhaps uruguay 's prettiest town , with cobbled streets and crumbling buildings left over from portuguese and spanish rule . colonia del sacramento sits across the rio de la plata from argentina ( buenos aires is just an hour away by ferry ) . owing its heritage to a mix of portuguese and spanish colonialism - the two battled over its strategic location - it is a maze of pretty cobbled streets , bougainvillea-draped buildings and a crumbling lighthouse with panoramic views . the picture-perfect spot is does n't take long to explore but is ideal for a couple of lazy days strolling the streets , eating in patio restaurants and enjoying the atmosphere . the capital montevideo tends to divide opinion among travellers . some blast the city for its high-rise buildings and lack of colonial charm ( at least when compared to nearby colonia ) . but the quirky capital does have some of the buzz of its rival across the water buenos aires , with a beautiful 19th century market near the port crammed with restaurants serving asado ( barbecue beef ) and endless bottles of wine . the city has a necklace of beaches which come alive in the summer time with events and eateries and there is a faded beauty in the crumbling towers and art deco buildings of the city . tango bars and theatres have combined to give the city a reputation as a true cultural hub in uruguay . if you want to head away from the cities , then travel inland to the various estancias ( ranches ) that dominate the country 's interior . there is a good business in rural tourism here , with estancias offering stays to visitors - ranging from the basic to the super-luxurious - and the chance to ride gaucho-style on horses through the countryside , learn about their culture and tuck into the freshest asado beef there is . website www.welcomeuruguay.com has some options listed . with so many big names rubbing shoulders in one town , it is on wonder the ultra-chic crowd started to head elsewhere for some peace and quiet - which is how they happened upon tiny jose ignacio , just 22 miles east along the coast . happen upon it on a quiet day and you would never know how popular it is . the tarmac road gives way to sand at the entrance of the village , pretty clapboard houses probably look more elegant than most , and signs pointing to chic boutiques and eateries are subtle . in the centre of the village is a simple square decorated with colourful flowers . there are no high rises , no gaudy luxury hotels , just an assortment of those shabby chic-style buildings that make the perfect romantic backdrop for fashion shoots - something which is not lost on the fashion directors of the world 's glossiest magazines , who flock to the area to create stylish beach spreads . the hotels in the area hide behind walls and fences , leaving them almost invisible to the average visitor , while at the same time showcasing spectacular ocean views to their guests , taking advantage of the village 's location on a peninsula jutting out to sea . the suites sit in individual huts covered in grass and wildflowers and the bedrooms boast spectacular views out to sea from the floor-to-ceiling windows . the central titanium and glass structure was designed as a sculpture and the back opens up onto the terrace and infinity pool . from the restaurant , guests can stroll out on to the terrace and sit by the pool which blends in with the sea beyond . one such sleek addition is playa vik , built by norwegian-born hotelier alex vik , it is a sleek modern design which should n't work with the traditional ambience of the village but somehow does . virgin holidays worldwide journeys offers a 17-day best of south america trip from £3,829pp . the trip includes return flights from london heathrow to lima and returning from rio de janeiro , accommodation and sightseeing encompassing lima , yucay , machu picchu , cusco , puno , iguassu falls , buenos aires and rio de janeiro . price is based on two adults sharing a standard room on a mixed board basis and includes sightseeing with experienced english-speaking guides and transfers . an additional trip to uruguay can be added into the itinerary at an extra cost . stone and glass huts sit under grass roofs dotted with wildflowers , blending them in with their surroundings and are organised in a circle around a central grassy area . inside , huge stone baths and showers give the bathroom a rustic feel , while the huge bedrooms have quirky quotes scrawled across them ( a favourite is : ' may the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of the person who screws up your day and may their arms be too short to scratch ' ) . the floor-to-ceiling windows provide spectacular ocean views to those lucky enough to enjoy the end properties , and there are more chances to contemplate the seascape from the rooms on the top floor of the main building - a huge rectangular titanium and glass structure designed as an enormous sculpture . paintings hang on every wall , a cosy library gives way to a grand open room used as a casual restaurant throughout the day and evening , but the showstopper is the missing fourth wall , leading out to decking and a narrow infinity swimming pool , complete with dark tiling , which juts straight out towards the sea and is illuminated with star-like lights at night . by day , guests languidly swim while looking out to sea and across the golden sands and in the evening , the terrace is the perfect place to watch the sun go down while enjoying a glass of uruguayan wine . it may not be as famous as its argentine neighbour , but the beef and wine in uruguay is just as fabulous ( just do n't say that to an argentinian ) . during my stay , bankers , fashion designers and movie executives mingle over fresh breakfasts , discuss their plans to explore further afield and generally create a convivial atmosphere so very different from the hugs nameless , faceless hotels often found at beach resorts . chic beach houses are the order of the day in jose ignacio , with understated clapboard getting a modern twist and beach attire very much on the casual side . uruguayan painter carlos paez vilaro created this fairy tale home casapueblo in punta del este perched on a clifftop and looking out to sea - visitors can tor the quirky property today and learn more about the artist or stay in the part of it converted into a hotel . playa vik has been such a success that down the road estancia vik has recently opened , providing a grander , more traditional atmosphere with its luxurious ' farmhouse ' , but it has a similar atmosphere to its siter hotel , created by spectacular works of art on every wall , fantastic food and a personalised service ( i never meet a member of staff who does n't greet me by name ) . for those looking for more than relaxation on the beach , the estancia offers the chance to ride horses through the countryside like a gaucho and take to the local rivers in a kayak . the best eateries frequented by the great and good are the stylish but casual dining options on the beach . mostrador santa teresita was set up by argentinian chef fernando trocca , serving fresh seafood and glorious salads . parador la huella is one of the most popular restaurants in town and opens with the same staff every year , serving only local produce and spectacular asados ( barbecues ) , while la susana also boasts a beautiful beach spot and has long been famed for its glorious barbecued meat paired with wines .     