finding the time to exercise when you 've got heaps of housework - and laundry - piling up can be difficult , but this piece of gym kit means you 've got no excuse not to work up a sweat . chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising ( above ) . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use . the designers , based at dalian nationalities university , do not say whether the bike will automatically fill and drain with water too . instead , the detergent and water may need to be added and then drained before more water being added for a rinse cycle . they say , however , that the device could be a solution for those who want both a washing machine and an exercise bike but can not find space for both . alternatively it could also help shave a few pounds off your electricity bill by using pedal power to do the laundry . by changing the front wheel of the exercise bike into a washing machine drum it will spin as the user pedals . a generator attached to the pedals ( shown above ) also produces electricity which can be stored for later use . the invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity . students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine . the group submitted the design onto the website tuvie , which allows designers to share their ideas . they said : ' riding a bike is a popular exercise , washing laundry is something that you might do on daily basis or at least once a week , unless you keep buying new clothes and underwear , so why not combine them into a single useful equipment/appliance ? the designers say the device is perfect for those struggling to find space for both a washing machine and an exercise bike . ' bike washing machine combines a stationary bicycle and washing machine , you can exercise while at the same time simultaneously washing your clothes . ' when you ride this bike , the pedalling motion causes the drum of the washing machine to rotate , at the same time , the superfluous electricity is generated which can be used to power the display screen or stored for future use . ' it is not the first time cycling and the weekly wash have been combined . in 2011 richard hewitt , a design student at sheffield hallam university , announced he had developed a similar device that washes and dries clothes using pedal power . his spincycle machine could be attached to the back of a tricycle . riding the bike for 10 minutes would wash the clothes before the water needed to be drained and refilled before another 10 minute cycle rinsed the clothes . if cycling and doing your washing at the same time does not appeal , then perhaps another device that combines a treadmill with a washing machine . looking more like a giant hamster wheel , it features a series of wash tubs enclosed within a large rotating wheel . the wheel washing machine , dreamed up by south korean designer si hyeong ryu , would also generate electricity that could be used to power other household appliances . ryu created the concept for the 2014 electrolux design lab competition . the wheel concept features washing balls inside the canisters , designed to save water and improve washing . 