the new youtube kids mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated , a group of consumer advocates told the federal trade commission in a letter tuesday . google introduced the app in february as a ' safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content . ' but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials . scroll down for video . the home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons ( pictured ) : a tv set for popular tv shows such as yo gabba gabba , a light bulb for educational programmes , a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos . along with favorites from dreamworkstv , jim henson tv , mother goose club , talking tom and friends and more , your kids can watch new series from youtube channels they already like . national geographic kids ; reading rainbow ; and thomas the tank engine leave the world of sodor for the first time in 70 years to travel the globe . one example is a 7-minute video of disney 's ' frozen ' characters who appear as dolls inside a toy mcdonald 's , eating ice cream and drinking sprite . the activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television , which limits commercial content on kids ' programming . ' as a consumer , you should have the right to know who is trying to persuade you , ' said angela campbell with the institute for public representation at georgetown law , who provided legal counsel to the coalition . in young children especially , ' it takes unfair advantage of their trusting nature and lack of experience , ' she added . in a statement early tuesday , youtube said : ' we worked with numerous partners and child advocacy groups when developing youtube kids . ' while we are always open to feedback on ways to improve the app , we were not contacted directly by the signers of this letter and strongly disagree with their contentions , including the suggestion that no free , ad-supported experience for kids will ever be acceptable . ' we disagree and think that great content should n't be reserved for only those families who can afford it . ' since its inception in 2005 , youtube has become the world 's most popular online video site , with more than 1 billion users . for parents , it 's become an easy way to find elmo song clips or full episodes of ' barney & friends . ' but when searching for elmo or barney , it 's easy to pull up other user-generated content aimed at adults , such as the two puppets cursing or waving guns . ' now , parents can rest a little easier knowing that videos in the youtube kids app are narrowed down to content appropriate for kids , ' wrote shimrit ben-yair , the app 's product manager , in a february blog post . according to the consumer groups ' letter , the videos mingle commercial and entertainment content in ways that would n't be allowed on television . search for ' my little pony , ' for example , and the first several options are lengthy advertisements for my little pony play-doh and toy kitchen sets , including one play-doh segment stretching 19 minutes . ' the fact that children are viewing the videos on a tablet or smartphone screen instead of on a television screen does not make it any less unfair and deceptive , ' the letter states . groups that signed the letter were the center for digital democracy , the campaign for a commercial-free childhood , american academy of child and adolescent psychiatry , center for science in the public interest , children now , consumer federation of america , consumer watchdog , consumers union , corporate accountability international and public citizen . mailonline has learned the app will launch with content from jim henson tv , dreamworks , national geographic , and a handful of popular youtubers and new series , such as thomas the tank engine . a stock image of bert and ernie from sesame street is shown . ' like most parents , i love helping my kids learn more about something they 're interested in , ' said shimrit ben-yair , mother of two and youtube kids group product manager . ' for example , right now , i spend a lot of time on youtube with my 3-year-old son , who loves watching videos of car washes , super simple songs , and about the universe . ' today , we 're introducing the youtube kids app , the first google product built from the ground up with little ones in mind . ' the app makes it safer and easier for children to find videos on topics they want to explore , and is available for free on google play and the app store in the u.s . ' the app includes a timer to limit kids ' screen time , sound settings to turn off background music and sound effects , and search settings to limit your children to just the pre-selected videos available on the home screen . ben-yair , the project 's group product manager , told usa today that the site has seen a 50 per cent increase in viewing time year-on-year , but that the growth has been around 200 per cent for family entertainment channels . ' parents were constantly asking us , can you make youtube a better place for our kids , ' she said . in answer , the company has come up with an app that is simple to use and eliminates features such as viewer comments from the design . research show that children are just three clicks away from adult content on youtube . the home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons : a tv set for popular tv shows such as sesame street , a light bulb for educational programmes , a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos . the categories are called : shows , music , learning and explore . ' the images are big as are the tap targets for small fingers , and since most younger children ca n't type they can search with voice , ' ms ben-yair said . if children try and search for a raunchy video , for example , the app simply blocks the request and a box that reads ' try something else ' pops up . they will be able to search for topics they are curious about though , such as spaceships and find how-to-make a volcano and maths tutorials , for example . the app will also give parents more power over their children 's viewing habits . it will give them features to control the time children spend on the app so that it shuts down after a number of minutes or hours . it can be re-started again once a password is entered . there will also be an option to mute videos - a feature tested by families and ngos . mailonline has learned the app will launch with content from jim henson tv , dreamworks , national geographic , and a handful of popular youtubers and new series , such as thomas the tank engine . ' the news that youtube plans to launch a kid-friendly video app will be welcomed by security savvy parents , ' said david emm , principal security researcher , kaspersky lab . ' our research shows that children can be as little as three click away from inappropriate or adult content on the video platform . ' examining youtube 's ' suggested ' videos which sit visibly alongside clips or episodes of popular children 's television programmes such as peppa pig , rastamouse and dora the explorer , our researchers have found that , on average , users are just three clicks away from content better suited to a more mature audience . ' the child-focused app will in part compete with netflix 's kids service and vine 's child-friendly app showing age-appropriate video clips . the move would appear to be part of google 's strategy to appeal to younger users . youtube is owned by the search giant . google recently acquired launchpad toys , which is behind the ipad app toontastic , and has previously announced plans to make child-friendly versions of some of its products such as chrome and search , as well as youtube . toy manufacturer mattel has worked with google to develop a new version of the view-master , which will rely on a smartphone to deliver its optical trickery . the virtual reality device makes use of google 's cardboard to deliver immersive scenes such as alcatraz prison in san francisco , called '360 degree photospheres ' . to release the phone 's virtual reality features , an android smartphone running mattel 's app is needed . view-master gets a make-over ! toy manufacturer mattel has worked with google to the new toy , which will rely on a smartphone to deliver its optical trickery . an illustration of the new device is shown . the smartphone needs to be inserted into the device along with a reel , meaning that parents will have to surrender their handsets while children play . the gadget uses augmented reality and animations to make the scenes feel immersive . mattel says that its view-master is an affordable platform enabling children to take ' engaging field trips ' so they can explore famous landmarks , natural scenes and planets , for example , in ' photospheres ' . by pairing an ' experience reel ' with a smartphone , children ' will immediately experience an imaginative and interactive learning environment , ' the company says . the device itself is set to be released in autumn for $ 30 ( £20 ) , with reels sold in themed packs of four for $ 15 ( £10 ) . mattel told mailonline the toy will come to the uk early next year .