model : olsi beheluli , pictured , claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess . a drug dealing model was jailed after he posted a picture of himself surrounded by £240,000 in cash on twitter . olsi beheluli , who claims he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess , was a member of a gang responsible for selling ' significant quantities ' of class a drugs . the 24-year-old enjoyed living the ' high life ' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation , police said . officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang 's ' stash house ' in brent , north west london . they also found stacks of money , counterfeit identity documents , and equipment used for drug dealing . beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members besim topalli , 29 , and azem proshka , 23 , for a total of 31 years at blackfriars crown court , london , on wednesday . officers arrested beheluli , from harrow , north west london , in october 2014 and searched his phone to discover a further picture of him with bundles of cash . he tried to claim it was a relative 's money and was taken in albania but detectives matched the distinctive wallpaper and furniture in the image to a picture of a home that beheluli used to rent . a raid of the gang 's ' stash house ' in brent , north west london , unearthed cash , drugs , counterfeit identity documents and drug dealing equipment such as scales . beheluli stashed £24,000 in his bank account and told officers it was gambling winnings from the world cup . officers found betting slips showing he had recently placed £12,000 stakes at ladbrokes and william hill . national crime agency branch commander oliver higgins said : ' beheluli seemed to enjoy the high life and gambling with the money he made from drug dealing , but in the end his luck run out . ' these men were involved in supplying significant quantities of high-purity class a drugs , as demonstrated by the value of the cash , cocaine and heroin we have seized from them . haul : the 24-year-old , who was jailed for 11 years , posted a picture of himself with £250,000 on twitter . officers said that beheluli appeared to ' enjoy the high life ' with the money he made from drug dealing . haul : more than £4million of cocaine and heroin ( pictured ) was found when police searched the ' stash house ' . ' but they were unaware that they were being watched by the nca , and their arrest and subsequent conviction should have the wider criminal fraternity looking over their shoulders . ' beheluli was found guilty of conspiring to supply class a drugs and was sentenced to 11 years imprisonment on wednesday . albanians proshka and topalli will be deported after they serve ten years in prison after admitting conspiring to supply drugs , money laundering and possessing fake id documents . behelui was jailed alongside besim topalli , 29 , left , and azem proshka , 23 , right , for a total of 31 years .