the return of game of thrones has sparked a surge in internet piracy with fans making more than 100,000 illegal downloads per day . more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year as fans of the hit hbo show caught up or re-capped before its eagerly-return on sky atlantic on sunday night . figures by anti-piracy and security firm irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year , jumping from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014 . popular : emilia clarke as daenerys targaryen in the first series of the hit show . new figures reveal it is the most illegally downloaded show in the world . the top country for illegal downloads of game of thrones episodes was brazil , which accounted for almost one million of them , followed by france in second , the us , canada and the uk . the snapshot also revealed the top five tv shows illegally downloaded during the same period were period were the walking dead ( 5.7m ) , breaking bad ( 3.8m ) , vikings ( 3.4m ) and house of cards ( 2.7m ) . worldwide following : there were seven million illegal downloads of game of thrones , which features natalie dormer as margaery tyrel above , appeal : fans of the hit hbo show have been rushing to download old episodes featuring jack gleeson as king joffrey , left , and nikolaj coster-waldau as jaime lannister , right . lack of access for global audiences is used as a defence of pirates , as many of their favourite films and shows that debut in the us are delayed by weeks or months . so to make it easier for people to watch legally , hbo announced in march that the forthcoming season will air across 170 countries at the same time . this week the cable network also launched a new internet streaming service , hbo now , in an attempt to curb piracy and recapture revenue , although it is only available in the us . the return of game of thrones , starring nathalie emmanuel as missandei , above , has sparked a surge in internet piracy with fans making more than 100,000 illegal downloads per day . ' piracy is a tidal wave that can not be controlled , only managed , ' said irdeto in its report . ' but if people want to continue to have great tv shows like game of thrones , business models need to be protected . '