a young woman has managed to find her doppelgänger after launching a campaign on facebook as a social experiment - and their likeness is mind-blowing . niamh geaney , a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin , teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days , and were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world . incredibly , niamh found her match in karen branigan , 29 , a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . scroll down for video . uncanny : niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student from dublin ( left ) , found her ' twin stranger ' in karen branigan ( right ) , through a social media campaign she launched with friends . speaking to mailonline about her first meeting with karen , niamh said : i was ridiculously nervous about how i would react to meeting someone who looks like me . ' for the entire duration of our encounter i pretty much stared at her . i couldn’t get over her face , and some of the expressions she would pull i would think to myself or say aloud , `` oh my god that’s my face . '' ' i can’t remember the number of times i said `` this is so freaky '' . it was truly amazing . ' karen , who is currently in between jobs , has five sisters and a brother . niamh has a brother and two sisters , and both girls agree that none of their siblings look anywhere near as similar to them as they do to one another . niamh said the pair got on ' very well ' as they both applied make-up before the shoot , swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities . ' for the entire duration of our encounter i pretty much stared at her . i couldn’t get over her face , ' said niamh ( left ) . they meet ! ' i was ridiculously nervous about how i would react to meeting someone who looks like me ' niamh ( right ) said about karen ( left ) . niamh added , ' i can’t remember the number of times i said `` this is so freaky '' . it was truly amazing ' . ' i would say karen is the shyer of the two of us , ' niamh remarked . ' but then you have to remember this was an even more surreal experience for her than it was for me . ' i knew what search i was embarking on . i’m the weirdo that contacted karen out of the blue and asked her to meet me in person . ' since meeting , niamh and karen - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on facebook ' constantly ' . karen ( right ) turned out to be a fellow ireland native who lived just an hour down the road from niamh ( left ) , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . she added , ' some of the expressions she would pull i would think to myself or say aloud , `` oh my god that’s my face '' ' while niamh appears to have beaten her fellow twin strangers participants , 21-year-old harry and 22-year-old terence , hands down , the search is n't over until april 27 . ' i think i have a two , maybe three at a push who resemble me . but they 're definitely not as close a match as karen to niamh , ' harry says . ' i 'm trailing further behind , ' admits terence . ' must be a guy thing . they tend to be a bit too shy to participate . not sure if being originally from sub-saharan africa has anything to do with it ! ' niamh ( right ) said she and karen ( left ) got on ' very well ' as they both applied make-up before the shoot , swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities ( pictured ) . friends for life ? since meeting , niamh ( right ) and karen ( left ) - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on facebook ' constantly ' . feedback : shocked reactions to karen and niamh 's story have flooded in from far and wide . challenge : niamh 's ( right ) fellow twin strangers participants , 21-year-old harry ( left ) and 22-year-old terence ( centre ) , are still looking for their doppelgängers , and the search is n't over until april 27 . niamh , who is still promoting the project across social media with harry and terence as interest spreads , says there will be no prize for the winner , just ' pride ' . they are inviting others from around the world to join in too now , by adding users ' photos to their facebook album . ' there is a huge human curiosity element to it , ' niamh states . ' can you imagine how surreal it would be to meet someone who looked exactly like you ? ' 