given the choice between ' average ' and ' beautiful ' , which description would you choose for yourself ? that is the question that has been posed to women by dove in a new survey , and the results are shocking . in australia , 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking , the study found , while around the world just four per cent think they 're worthy of the glowing epithet . scroll down for video . what do you choose ? dove has asked women to rate themselves as either ' beautiful ' or ' average ' . low self esteem : 83 per cent of australian women said they would describe themselves as average . of the 9,397 out of 11,000 that answered ' average ' , 84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance . while the statistics speak volumes about australian women 's perceptions of themselves , they appear more confident than the global average . a staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as average , leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful . the beauty brand highlighted the survey results with a new video , released this week , that shows women being faced with the choice of telling the world they see themselves as beautiful or average . dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities - shanghai , san francisco , london , sao paulo and delhi - and filmed women 's actions when faced with having to walk through one or the other . the vast majority of participants chose to walk through the ' average ' door , corresponding closely with the survey results . on film : the statistics are highlighted in a new video by dove which shows women having to walk through doors , either marked beautiful or average . worldwide : the film was shot in five cities , shanghai , san francisco , london , sao paulo and delhi . dove says that feeling beautiful is a personal choice that women should feel empowered to make for themselves every day . however , many found that when they had to behave in a way that revealed their image of themselves to the world - they balked . many said afterwards that they regretted their decision , and that it had affected how they felt about themselves . one woman confessed : ' it was confronting to see these signs , and to have to choose , and be self -conscious of how you perceive yourself and if it lines up with how the rest of the world perceives you . are you beautiful ? the global statistic was higher , with a staggering 96 per cent of worldwide respondents answering ' average ' . choices : like the survey results , the overwhelming majority of women chose to walk through the doors marked ' average ' . unnattainable : ' beautiful , to me , is too far out of reach , ' said one participant who chose the average door . another said : ' it was my choice , and now i will question myself for the next few weeks , maybe months . ' a british woman , laughing modestly , said : ' i went through the average door . i did n't even hesitate . ' while a brazilian participant , who chose ' average ' admitted : ' i regretted my choice because it was different to what i live for and what i live . ' a woman in india also said she wished she 'd chosen differently , saying : ' i had rated myself as average and nobody else . ' an american participant added : ' am i choosing because of what is constantly bombarded at me and what i 'm being told that i should accept ? or am i choosing because that 's what i really believe ? ' in shanghai , a woman picked the average door , saying : ' beautiful , to me , is too far out of reach . ' the video is part of dove 's # choosebeautiful campaign , which aims to ' encourage women worldwide to reconsider the choices they make about their beauty and how those choices make them feel . ' these women are confident about their looks , but many women who chose ' average ' said they regretted it . these schoolgirls take part in dove 's experiment and appear to be leaning towards the ' beautiful ' door . choose beautiful : the campaign aims to ' encourage women worldwide to reconsider the choices they make about their beauty and how those choices make them feel ' . the company 's marketing director jennifer bremner said : ' dove choose beautiful urges women to embrace this personal choice , because when we do , it unlocks happiness and confidence that impacts women 's self-esteem . women watching the campaign took to social media to express sadness that so many people felt the need to put themselves down . jo fiddy , from london , tweeted : ' women we need to value ourselves more . 2 doors - average & beautiful . inspiring campaign . ' women took to twitter to lament females ' lack of confidence in their appearance around the world . jo fiddy from london exhorted women to value themselves more . raya was here said that feeling beautiful is a decision every woman should make for herself . samantha blundell , from london , posted on twitter : ' i decided to # choosebeautiful because if i do n't think it myself , no one else will . ' a user called @ raya_was_here , in bulgaria , tweeted : ' knowing that it 's your decision to feel beautiful is so powerful . once you realize that , no one can make you feel otherwise # choosebeautiful . ' the latest video comes close on the heels of another ad created in france as part of its # speakbeautiful campaign . the clip was designed to highlight how many women put themselves down or fall prey to a critical inner voice . skincare and beauty line dove has long championed ' real ' beauty , photographing everyday women rather than professional models for its advertisements . dove asked a group of women in france - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook . the beauty brand then took the notes away with them and unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script . then two actresses , read the script out loud as dialogue in a cafe , where the women themselves had been invited for coffee . in the experiment the women had to hear the actresses repeat their own thoughts to each other , out loud . one woman hears her judgment on herself that her belly has the potential to look too big in the dove ad . the comments were so cutting that a customer at a nearby table , who was n't involved in the experiment , even intervened . an actress read out a remark written by one woman who appears very slim : ' your arms are too big , your silhouette is all squashed . ' she continues : ' sit up straight otherwise your belly looks big . ' several of the women 's messages to themselves echoed bullying , that if came from someone else , would be immediately frowned upon . ' with your little baby teeth you look like a mouse , ' said one . while another read , ' your face looks like a bulldog . ' when said out loud , the comments underline the way many women effectively bully themselves every single day . visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognised the dialogue as their own notes . ' i hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one . while another concedes , ' yes that 's what i say to myself all day long . now , i get how violent it is ! ' the one beautiful thought campaign is another of dove 's efforts to champion ' real ' beauty . 