posters telling muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of cardiff . posters telling muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of cardiff yesterday . they read : ' democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah . ' posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the grangetown suburb telling the muslim electorate : ' islam is the only real workable solution for the uk ' . cardiff council have begun removing the posters , dubbed ' chilling ' and ' threatening ' by locals . the full message on the poster reads : ' democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah and decides what is permissible or impermissible for mankind , based solely on their whims and desires . ' this leads to a decayed and degraded society where crime and immorality becomes widespread and injustice becomes the norm . ' islam is the only real , working solution for the uk . ' it is a comprehensive system of governance where the laws of allah are implemented and justice is observed . ' local parent greg pycroft , 36 , was with his two-year-old son when he came across 20 posters plastered on his walk to nursery yesterday . the welsh government worker said : ' it was quite chilling and threatening to see these posters . ' cardiff council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed as a priority . grangetown councillor ashley govier said : ' people have a right to vote and that needs to be respected . grangetown is a very tolerant area but it 's got to go both ways . ' if they do choose not to exercise their right to vote , that 's their business but we 're trying to encourage people to do so and this is unhelpful and not very nice . ' mr govier said the council 's response has been immediate and ' pretty incredible ' . bosses at cardiff council ( pictured ) say workers have begun removing the posters , dubbed ' chilling ' and ' threatening ' by locals . sahar al-faifi , of the muslim council of wales , said the anti-voting posters were put up in response to the voter registration campaign in cardiff for the last three months . miss al-faifi added : ' the reason behind these posters is we have had such a successful voter registration campaign across mosques in cardiff . ' we have been doing it every friday for three months to encourage worshippers in an unpartisan way to participate in their civic duties . ' most mosques were on board and the hateful people behind these posters do not represent us . ' the mosques believe they can be part of the political process of this country . ' the groups muslim council of wales , hope not hate and citizenuk have been leading the voter registration action across the cardiff suburbs of cathays , grangetown and butetown .