patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown . a study found that if doctors know patients well , they could mistake warning signs for ongoing medical problems or depression . the study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed , on average , a week later than others . patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown ( posed by model ) . the findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms . even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat . the study by academics at the university of bristol and cancer research uk compared the records of patients diagnosed with breast , lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009 . the findings , published in the british journal of general practice , show that seeing the same gp was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer . but for bowel cancer – commonly confused with irritable bowel syndrome or piles – there was an average delay of a week . researchers said the reason there was no link between breast cancer might be because the symptoms are more obvious . and lung cancer is notoriously difficult to detect because there are often no symptoms in the early stages . but according to the study , doctors who are ‘familiar’ with patients can ‘misattribute’ new symptoms to ongoing medical complaints or even depression . gp and lead researcher dr matthew ridd said : ‘ gps should follow up patients who present with potential cancer symptoms to make sure they receive a timely diagnosis . ‘ but your regular doctor might not be the best person to spot those symptoms in the first place . so in some cases getting a second opinion from a different doctor could speed up the time to diagnosis . ’ the findings , published in the british journal of general practice , show that seeing the same gp was not linked to a later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer ( posed by model ) . figures last month showed that cancer survival rates in britain lagged ten years behind those of many other european countries . and last summer health secretary jeremy hunt pledged to name and shame gps who fail to pick up on early warning signs and refer patients for urgent tests . dr richard roope , cancer research uk’s gp expert , said : ‘ these intriguing findings suggest that in some cases a fresh pair of eyes could be better at spotting early signs of cancer . anything that can be done to support gps in diagnosing cancer earlier is worth pursuing . ’ and sara hiom , cancer research uk’s director of early diagnosis , said : ‘ this study provides a useful insight into how seeing the same doctor could impact the time to cancer diagnosis . any delay in getting cancer diagnosed has the potential to impact the success of treatment , so it’s vital we do everything possible to help gps refer patients with potential cancer symptoms without delay . ’ 