the senate democratic leader , harry reid , says he may never again see out of one eye . ' i am sightless in my right eye , ' he told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos . reid said he is ' over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i can’t see out of my eye , and that’s the way it’s going to be until something comes along that’ll change it . ' ' right now , i’ve had 11 hours of surgery . they’ve tried . i can’t see out of my right eye . and that’s okay , i can live with that , ' he said , according to fusion . scroll down for video . senate minority leader harry reid is pictured here on monday in his home state of nevada . reid said in an interview this week that he might not ever be able to see out of his right eye again following a january accident . the lawmaker 's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned , mostly by conservatives , especially after reid announced last month that he would retire . a march 31 breitbart news story regaled the layout of reid 's searchlight home and the master bathroom , where reid says the accident occurred . rumors have persisted since the january 1 accident that the nevada mob may have been involved , even though there 's no evidence to suggest the reid was the victim of an organized attack . last week the conservative powerline blog suggested that reid may have been beat up by his brother , larry . recounting a story brought forward by a man who says he attended an alcoholics anonymous meeting with larry , it suggested , based on the account , that larry and harry may have tussled on the day in question . referring indirectly to the rumors , ramos told reid , ' it looked like somebody had hit you . ' reid told the news anchor in turn that he was ' fortunate ' the band only hit him in the temple . going into further detail about the incident than he had in the past , the 75-year-old former boxer said he was using the band because ' i was trying to maintain my firmness . ' ' that was my weight training , ' he said . reid explained that he was exercising in his new home in nevada at the time when the strip ' slipped , spun me around , about , i guess four feet . ' ' i smashed my face into a cabinet so hard ... ' he said trailing off as ramos interrupted him with another question . rumors have persisted since the january 1 accident that the nevada mob may have been involved , even though there 's no evidence to suggest the reid was the victim of an organized attack . reid is pictured here on february 3 during a capitol hill news conference . the longtime lawmaker , upon announcing his retirement last month , insisted his departure from the senate was not related to the accident . and he told ramos in the interview that aired on tuesday that he was leaving the legislative body in two years when his current term expires because ' i want to remembered for my first 34 years in congress , not my last six . ' one of the most memorable moments from reid 's career in recent years was his 2012 charge that the gop 's nominee for president , mitt romney , did n't pay his taxes for a decade . reid first made the accusation during an interview with the huffington post , and several days later repeated it on the senate floor . then the highest-ranking senator , reid said his evidence came from former bain capitol colleagues of romney 's . reid told ramos in the fusion interview that the episode had been ' blown way out of proportion . ' ' mitt romney , during the time he was running for president , refused to give us his tax returns . when i ran for the senate in 1974 that was an issue , tax returns , ' reid said . ' this has been an issue of mine for a long time . ' the democratic leader said the onus remains on romney to produce evidence that he did pay his taxes . reid also refused to give up the sources of his information that romney may not have . ' of course he paid taxes . what he did n't do is let us see his tax returns , ' reid told ramos , claiming he 's said as much ' many many times . ' ' let him give us his tax returns . let the american people judge that , ' he stated . reid said he has ' no repentance ' for dragging romney through the mud because ' it is an issue that was important . ' asked if he had any apologies for romney reid was just as direct . ' oh none , whatsoever . zero . none , ' the retiring lawmaker said . 