after ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 , the organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire . once the animals are done in the ring , they 'll be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of polk county in central florida . some of the asian elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center , while other will be used for breeding . scroll down for video . all elephants will be phased out of the ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus performance by 2018 . once they retire from performing , elephants will be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of polk county in central florida . ringling spokeswoman melinda hartline told fox tampa bay that the center is ' all about preserving the asian elephant ' . elephants born in the center can be sold to zoos or other breeding programs . this will hopefully increase genetic diversity in the species and increase its population . the population of animal has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it 's 100,000 population over the last century . poaching and habitat destruction are among the reasons for the decline . twenty people work at the center to feed , care for and manage the animals , and over the next three years ringling will determine if more staff or additional facilities are needed . despite having what seems to be ideal living conditions , ringling ties some elephants by the leg overnight , something animal rights groups , including people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) are disappointed by . some elephants will live out the rest of their lives in the conservation center , while others will be use for breeding . a spokesman for the center said that the organization 's goal is to conserve the asian elephant , an animal who has seen massive population decline over the last century . much of the population decline - which has gone down from 100,000 to between 25,000 and 32,000 - has been caused by poaching and habitat destruction . ' zoos do n't chain elephants and the american veterinary medical association advises against it ' delciana windners , peta general counsel , told fox . the animal-rights organizations also urge the company to take the animals off the road sooner . just days before announcing that the elephants would be taken out of the ring , peta prevailed in an open-records request and obtained documents proving that , at least since 2010 , ringling has had elephants test positive for the human strain of tuberculosis . tb is highly transmissible from elephants to humans , even without direct contact . a statement from peta frames ringling’s announcement as a preemptive move to keep the public in the dark about the health risk posed by moving sick elephants to cities throughout the country . ' these elephants suffer greatly , but now their retirement is vital to everyone’s safety , ' the statement read . animal rights groups , including peta , have said that ringling brothers should take elephants out of their shows before 2018 . peta released information earlier this year stating that at least since 2010 , ringling has had elephants test positive for the human strain of tuberculosis .