esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career but revealed that keeping leicester city in the premier league would be up there with the best . the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining , knowing that time is running out to save themselves . cambiasso refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . esteban cambiasso says that helping keep leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy . ' for me , it 's like another cup , ' he told bbc east midlands today . ' when you start another season you have an objective , and this is the objective for us . ' for me , winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save leicester in the premier league . ' the argentinian midfielder poses with the trophy after his team won the 2010 fifa club world cup . cambiasso had an illustrious career at inter milan , winning an impressive 15 trophies during his stint . river plate ( 2001-2002 ) argentine primera division . real madrid ( 2002-2004 ) la liga . super cup . supercopa de espana . inter milan ( 2004-2014 ) champions league . serie a ( 5 ) . coppa italia ( 4 ) . supercoppa ( 4 ) . fifa club world cup . having not won a game since january , nigel pearson 's men face west ham united on saturday and cambiasso is still convinced they can avoid the drop . ' i understood when i signed for leicester it 's not an easy job to stay in the premier league , ' he said . ' it 's a difficult situation but i think we have our chances to win matches . there 's a quarter of the premier league left to finish . ' i think some people think for leicester all is finished . but i 'm sure , because i watch my team-mates every day , we can save leicester and stay in the premier league . ' the former inter milan star signed for the foxes in the summer , leaving italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in england . after agreeing to a one-year-deal , cambiasso has quickly established himself as a key player but it remains to be seen if he 'll still be in the east midlands at the start of next season . the former real madrid man was also successful during his short spell in spain for real madrid . cambiasso played during real 's ' galatico ' era , with luis figo , zinedine zidane , ronaldo and david beckham . ' leicester always wanted me , ' he added . ' after these nine months or eight months , i 'm very happy because my family is ok , and i 'm good . ' i want a few more points , but all the rest is perfect . ' cambiasso is happy in the east midlands and could stay beyond his current one-year-deal . 