a democratic congressman is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the family defender toolkit . the informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card - that some are calling a ' get out of deportation free card ' - that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded . illinois rep. luis gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained , he or she can ' explain that under the policy in place today , you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation ' . illinois rep. luis gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a ' family defender toolkit ' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations . the toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation . the two-page booklet details president barack obama 's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) and deferred action for parents of americans and lawful permanent residents ( dapa ) policies . those policies , however , are currently on hold by a court order , according to fox news latino . gutierrez said that though the policy is still on hold , he wanted those who might need the information to have it in advance . ' i created this toolkit for you to protect yourself from deportation , ' gutierrez said in an introduction video to the booklet . he continued : ' even though you can not apply yet for the expanded daca and new dapa you can still prepare . ' the representative added , however , that he hopes people ' never have to use this card ' and that it should only be used when speaking to immigration officials , the two-page booklet details president barack obama 's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) and deferred action for parents of americans and lawful permanent residents ( dapa ) policies , which have been placed on hold by a court order . critics of the pamphlet say that it encourages a false sense of security in immigrants who are in the country illegally and that it is ' flaunting the law ' . he said the card , which should be kept in a wallet , should not police officers in situations of minor infraction , according to cbs . critics of the toolkit claim that the card is ' flaunting the law ' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants . ' rep . gutierrez is only interested in open borders , which wreak havoc on the 93 million middle-class americans already out of work and the millions more who are seeing their wages reduced due to companies hiring illegal workers , ' said aaron del mar , republican party chairman from cook county , illinois , said . a hearing in which the department of justice will try to reverse the hold on president obama 's executive immigration action is scheduled for friday . gutierrez said that though the policy expansion is still on hold , he wants people to have knowledge on the subject in advance . a hearing in which the department of justice will try to reverse the hold on the policy will take place on friday .