with a net worth of £260million , hollywood power couple brad pitt and angelina jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn . as one of the most famous duos in the world , it 's not surprising the globe-trotting pair have expensive tastes . there have even been reports that brangelina , and their six children , have shut down whole hotel floors and chartering entire trains for a bit of privacy . but the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation , affordable for mere mortals like the rest of us . scroll down for video . just a regular family ? brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt pictured with their children ( zaharah marley , centre ) . brad and ange booked out an entire floor , but you can bag a room at the five-star hilton malta for £130 a night . hilton , malta . price for a room : from £130 per night . rather than opting for a fancy boutique retreat , brad pitt , 51 and angelina jolie pitt , 39 , allegedly booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream hilton malta , while filming their upcoming film by the sea . the 410-room five-star hotel on the waterfront of portomaso boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the mediterranean , a relaxation suite , two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court with coaching classes available . as well as the nearby public beach for sun worshippers , activities in the area include scuba diving , a casino and a bowling alley . and unless you 're travelling with an entourage of nannies and body guards , you might want to just book the one room , which is n't as wallet-stretching as you might imagine . situated on macquarie street overlooking sydney harbour , the 509 roomed hotel is glitzy but not unattainable . sydney 's intercontinental hotel was the scene of brangelina 's much publicised balcony argument . intercontinental , sydney . price for room : from £151 per night . the couple - who were newly weds when they visited australia back in 2014 , would probably prefer to blot this particular stay from their memory , as it famously resulted in that balcony argument . maybe they could n't decide whether to get room service ? brange were pictured harshly gesticulating and looking thoroughly cheesed off while staying in oz for the premiere of jolie 's directorial debut , unbroken . situated on macquarie street overlooking sydney harbour and the botanical gardens , the 509 roomed hotel is glitzy but not unattainable . as well as a gym , spa and pool , there 's an exclusive club area for those with a heftier budget . currently closed for an upgrade , the park hyatt saigon hosted brad and ange during their 2011 trip to vietnam . park hyatt , saigon . price for a room : from £230 per night . currently closed until june for a ' luxury redefinition project ' park hyatt , has hosted hollywood royalty brad and ange as well as politics heavyweights such as hillary clinton . situated in ho chi min 's distrtict 1 , home to the opera house , notre dame cathedral and hundreds of restaurants , sights , markets and bars , this two-square mile area seems to have it all , the hotel is known for its service and modern , luxurious rooms . the 244 room hotels features the xuan spa , a tranquil urban retreat offering private therapy rooms , a fitness centre and outdoor pool . brad pitt took his sons maddox and pax to the family-friendly hard rock hotel in vegas in 2009 . the family-friendly four-star hotel , east of sin city 's famous strip , features 1503 air-conditioned rooms . hard rock hotel & casino , las vegas . price for a room : from £54 . daddy pitt took his sons maddox and pax to the hard rock hotel in vegas in 2009 , after treating them to a cirque du soleil show at the mgm grand . the family-friendly four-star hotel , east of sin city 's famous strip , features a whopping 1503 rooms featuring minibars and plasma televisions . true to vegas form , the hotel includes a 30,000-square-foot casino , as well as a tahitian-style beach and swimming pool , six restaurants , three cocktail lounges , a nightclub , a spa , a poker room , and a music venue . guests might also be treated to glimpses of the celebs who love this vegas institution , such as paris hilton and the kardashians . the jolie-pitts have stayed at the frank gehry designed marques de riscal in elciego , northern spain . within the historical district and close to the bodegas marques de riscal , the hotel has 43 chic guestrooms . marques de riscal , spain . price for a room : from £87 per night . the jolie-pitts enjoyed a child-free spanish break in 2007 , and stayed at the outrageous frank gehry designed marques de riscal in elciego , basque country , northern spain . within the historical district and close to the beautiful bodegas marques de riscal , the five-star hotel has 43 chic guestrooms . it may look like a hangout of the exclusively rich and famous , but travel deal websites such as travel republic offer discounted rates if you get in early . 