an eight-year-old boy was taken to hospital after falling victim to a prank when he was suffocated until he passed out . police in manchester have now issued a warning to parents over the game , known as ' sleeper ' , which officers say is potentially fatal . the child 's details have not been release but a greater manchester police spokesman said the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery . officers from greater manchester police have been forced to issue a warning on facebook ( pictured ) after an eight-year-old boy was hospitalised after a playground suffocation prank called ' sleeper ' went wrong . the ' sleeper ' prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen . the youngster was treated in hospital on wednesday after they were a ' sleeper ' victim , police said . officers in north manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents . gmp 's north manchester division posted on their facebook site after the incident : ' dangerous new craze warning - attention all parents/guardians ... we have received reports of a new craze called ' sleeper ' this involves children completely covering the mouth and noses of younger children until they completely pass out . manchester 's city centre chief councillor pat karney ( pictured ) has said the craze must be stopped ' before we have a tragedy on our hands ' . ' this is extremely dangerous , a child is currently in hospital being treated after falling victim to this game . please advise every child you know and warn them of the dangers , this could easily lead to concussion or even death . the post has now been shared more than 11,200 times on the social network . gmp 's facebook post received a flurry of responses from followers , some claiming the game dates back several years . tasha williams replied : ' this was happening when i was at school although it was someone pushing on your chest really hard or on your throat , it is a stupid game . ' linzi walker added : ' it 's not new it 's been going for years and years . ' but pete james said : ' only buzz i used to get as a kid was putting a crushed carton in the back wheel of my bike and making it sound like a motorbike ! what 's wrong with kids ? ? ' stuart roberts worte : ' are the children of today total numbnuts ? ? ' sebastian ziola added : ' back in my day , we played pogs . oh how times change . ' a senior council boss in manchester has issued a stark warning about the craze . pat karney , councillor for neighbouring harpurhey ward , told the manchester evening news : ' this news will put the fear of god in any parent or guardian . ' i will be talking to the council officers in the area to see how we can provide more information and warnings to local schools and parents . ' it has to stop before we have a terrible tragedy on our hands . the problem is that when kids hear about an incident like this , it goes viral in an instant in today 's world . officers in manchester ( gmp headquarters pictured ) believe ' sleeper ' is a new craze and have alerted parents .