a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash . the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub . she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi , and sent them to him . presumably on the one item of technology that was n't currently taking a long soak . a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash . the woman scorned took the trouble to give his imac - which start at £899 - a single soaking . as most of us know , a substantial splash is enough to send your gadget to glitch town , and so the dip this man 's prized collection took is sure to prove irreversible damage . particularly as the woman scorned took the trouble to give his imac - which start at £899 - a single soaking . just to make doubly sure the water damage was total . even if he tries the recommended trick of leaving his gadgets in uncooked rice for 48 hours , we think all the rice in japan could n't dry this lot out . clearly feeling little remorse for his sins and perhaps looking for sympathy , the unnamed man , also from japan , tweeted the pics to his account @ foolishnessfly2 . retweeted more than 15,400 times , the response has been mixed . the hearts of apple fans are mainly with the man , with the general consensus being that destroying a fellow 's prized apple collection is a bit harsh , even if he did cheat . this twitterer fully supported the japanese woman 's actions , hailing it as ' the best revenge ' . @ womenspeakup pointed out that the guy should be counting his lucky stars that it was his apple and not his , er , banana that paid the price of cheating . @ jewlish spoke the words of women the world over with a ' you go , girl ! ' . japanese @ allorcer90 took the time to explain the images to the english-speaking twitterers who wondered what they were about , adding that it will make you think twice about cheating . while others agree that revenge is a dish best served in hot water . although a lot of the comments were in japanese ( and the ' translate ' button did little to help ) , the english-language responses were in favour of the woman 's methods . @ babysdoc hailed it as ' the best revenge ' , while @ jewlish spoke the words of women the world over with a ' you go , girl ! ' . @ womenspeakup pointed out that the guy should be counting his lucky stars that it was his apple and not his , er , banana that paid the price of cheating , referring to lorena bobbit who cut off her husband 's penis with a knife . meanwhile , japanese @ allorcer90 took the time to explain the images to the english-speaking twitterers who wondered what they were about , adding , ' haha makes you think twice about cheating on your significant other haha ! '  