living near congested roads with high levels of air pollution can cause ‘ silent strokes’ which increase the risk of dementia , scientists have warned . exposure to small , sooty particles , mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions , alters the structure of the brain , they said . the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain . living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia , research has found . researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk . us researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to ‘ silent strokes’ which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage . silent strokes , which arise from blockages in blood vessels supplying the brain , do not have any outward symptoms and the victim is usually unaware of them . sudha seshadri , a professor of neurology at boston university school of medicine , said : ‘ this is concerning , since we know that silent strokes increase the risk of overt strokes and of developing dementia , walking problems and depression . ‘ we now plan to look more at the impact of air pollution over a longer period , its effect on brain shrinkage over time , and other risks including stroke and dementia . ’ the study , by beth israel deaconess medical center and boston university school of medicine , involved more than 900 people aged 60 and over who did not have dementia or a history of strokes . it recorded how far participants lived from major roads and used satellite imagery to assess their exposure to the fine particulate matter known as pm2.5 . this is made up of small particles measuring just 2.5 micrometres , or 30 times smaller than the thickness of a human hair . these particles are generated from a variety of sources , including power plants , factories , trucks and cars and the burning of wood . they can travel deeply into the lungs and have been associated with increased numbers of hospital admissions for heart attacks and strokes . the study participants’ brain matter was measured using mri scans . the researchers found that increases in pm2.5 in towns and cities was linked with a 46 per cent higher risk of silent strokes . the research was published in a report in the journal stroke . researcher elissa wilker , of the cardiovascular epidemiology research unit at beth israel deaconess medical center , said : ‘ this is one of the first studies to look at the relationship between ambient air pollution and brain structure . ‘ our findings suggest that air pollution is associated with insidious effects , even in dementia and stroke-free individuals . ‘ the mechanisms remain unclear , but inflammation resulting from the deposit of fine particles in the lungs is likely important . ’ the study will add to mounting pressure on the government , which faces a judgment at the supreme court next week over its failure to meet eu legal limits for air pollution . sixteen cities – including london , manchester , glasgow , sheffield and birmingham – have failed to hit air quality targets . 