manchester united duo marcos rojo and angel di maria celebrated their 3-1 triumph over aston villa by flying out to lisbon on easter sunday . united defender rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside fellow argentina international di maria and their families while sitting on a private plane . rojo , who sat next to his wife and daughter , played the full 90 minutes against villa while premier league record signing di maria came on for the last 20 . marcos rojo ( back right ) poses while travelling to portugal along with his family and angel di maria ( left ) . both rojo ( left ) and di maria ( right ) appeared in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday . the manchester united and argentina duo sealed moves to old trafford during the summer transfer window . portugal is a familiar destination for both rojo and di maria as they played for sporting lisbon and benfica respectively before eventually joining united in the summer . rojo made headlines for the wrong reasons on saturday evening as the mail on sunday exclusively revealed he had an affair with fitness instructor sarah watson . she claimed rojo had offered money to spend the night with him before eventually sleeping with the 25-year-old without knowing he was married with a young daughter . the £200,000-a-week manchester united defender is said to have bombarded her with explicit messages and naked photos . sarah watson was determined to clear her name following blackmail allegations . watson claims she was offered money to spend the night with rojo ( right ) but declined . watson claims she was offered £35,000 by a newspaper to sell the story about her affair with rojo . she said on meeting rojo at united 's christmas party : ‘ he came over to me and sat down . his english was quite bad but he was chatty and said nice things to me about how i looked and how he liked my versace dress . ' he said “you’re gorgeous , you’re the best looking girl in here . ” it was all very cheesy , but he’s so good looking that i gave him my number . ‘ he asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with marcos . i told him that i was not a prostitute . ’ but she did find the argentine star’s dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ‘ i did it because i liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ’ she says . rojo and di maria are not back in action until next sunday when manchester united host local rivals manchester city . 