birmingham airport could soon be known as ' shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. in order to attract more visitors , tourism chiefs have announced . the concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from china , but there are concerns that not enough americans will know of the famous playwright . the airport could also be called ' birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than terminal 5 at heathrow . birmingham airport could be rebranded ' shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. to attract more tourists , but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is . chief executive paul kehoe said : ' the reason we used shakespeare for the chinese is there is a lot of interest there . ' when the chinese premier came here , he wanted to see the rsc and he said to us through an interpreter that shakespeare was very big in china and we should make the most of it . ' we are still debating it . personally , i think shakespeare is still right for america . ' the average person in chattanooga may not enjoy much shakespeare but the sophisticates on the east and west coast do . ' a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to birmingham by advertising its proximity to shakespeare 's place of birth . birmingham airport announced in march it would be re-branding in china as it revealed a run of flights to beijing . hainan airlines is to operate two flights a week between july 3 and august 28 , expected to pave the way for a regular service . the flights are set to carry almost 4,000 chinese tourists to the uk and follow a trial last year saw three flights between the cities . mr kehoe said there was competition in the far east for the flights and was hopeful it could lead to scheduled operations directly from the city to china . meanwhile , he said hopes of using shakespeare to promote the region in the us were long-held . he adde : ' people tell me nobody has heard of shakespeare in america but i do n't believe that . ' when i started in 2008 , i said `` how do we get to the chocolate-eating , 4x4 driving shakespeare-loving people of idaho ? '' ' we have cadbury , shakespeare and land rover here , so there is no shortage of options . ' meanwhile , mr kehoe said the hs2 station near the airport would be so convenient for the capital it would rival the likes of heathrow , gatwick and stansted . he said this could raise questions over whether ' london ' should be added to the airport 's name . mr kehoe accepted the capital was always going to be a major draw for tourists but added : ' the day hs2 opens , this airport effectively moves 70 miles closer to london . ' my successor will have to ask themselves : `` what do we call this airport now ? '' we will only be 10 minutes further than terminal five . does that make it a london airport ? '