crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in denmark over the weekend . the australian-born royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen . the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves . striking : crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen over the weekend . commemoration : the australian-born royal stood with australian ambassador to denmark damien miller ( second left ) and turkey 's ambassador to denmark , mehmet donmez ( far left ) during the ceremony . mary 's attendance at the anzac day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness . appearing on danish show aftenshowet , she spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother when she was 25 . ' it felt like i was all alone with my grief , ' she said . ' that no one understood me and that i stood still while everyone around me moved on . striking : mary wore a purple knee-length dress beneath a black jacket and black millinery for the event , where she accepted a bouquet from a young girl . gracious : the crown princess smiled after receiving the arrangement of yellow roses . paying respects : the 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial . ' it felt like i was all alone with my grief ' : mary spoke of feeling alone and misunderstood after losing her mother , henrietta donaldson , at 25 in a new tv interview . ' i would have liked to have spent more time with her , ' she added . the crown princess ' mother henrietta donaldson died in 1997 from a heart condition . mary discussed the theme of loneliness with the programme and said , ' it 's a real and big problem that 's gone unnoticed , so i 'm glad that it 's drawing some attention now . ' there 's still a lot of taboo around it , it 's an issue we have to talk about . ' earlier in the week , mary stepped out in an eye-catching fuchsia dress for the official opening of a research festival in the city of lyngby on thursday . cause : mary discussed the theme of loneliness with the programme and said , ' it 's a real and big problem that 's gone unnoticed , so i 'm glad that it 's drawing some attention now ' . pretty in pink : earlier in the week , mary looked beautiful in fuchsia while attending the opening of a research festival at the technical university of denmark in lyngby on thursday . going for a colour block look , mary teamed the bright dress with a snake-skin patterned clutch in the same shade , and keeping her collar free of bling , opted for a pair of hanging pearl earrings instead . to finish things off the mother-of-four 's brunette locks were tousled into undone waves that would n't have gone astray on a red carpet . she needed to compete with a little wild weather however , and looked quite windswept before she was ushered indoors . standout : the seemingly ageless beauty had heads turning a bright pink dress that hugged her petite frame . popular : a host of university students and younger children cam out to catch a glimpse of the australian-born royal . mary 's makeup was left understated so as not to distract from her statement frock and just a pop of pale pink lipstick and dusting of eye shadow was enough to highlight her naturally pretty features . the australian-born beauty toured facilities at the technical university of denmark as part of her visit . she met with researchers and examined some of their latest technology before presenting the 2015 research communication award of the year . hands on : mary toured the university 's facilities as part of her visit .