nick clegg will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a £5billion flagship offer to undecided voters . at the launch of their manifesto today , the liberal democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ‘ from cradle to college’ . unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years – and also in line with inflation from 2018 . scroll down for video . nick clegg ( left ) will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a £5billion flagship offer to undecided voters . his wife miriam is pictured in marple , greater manchester yesterday . it is understood that mr clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after may 7 , in order to win over ‘centre-ground’ conservative voters worried about funding cuts for schools . education is a sore point for many who backed the lib dems in 2010 on the promise that the party would scrap tuition fees and then saw them trebled to £9,000 per year . but mr clegg will claim the lib dems are now ‘ the party of education’ and the school funding commitment is firm because it will be on the front page of today’s manifesto of pledges . the tuition fees pledge was not on the front page in 2010 , and the lib dem leader said those which were , such as increasing the income tax allowance , he had stuck ‘ doggedly , religiously’ to . protecting the education budget in real terms for children aged two to 19 , will cost an additional £5billion a year more than the conservatives plan to spend , and £2.5billion a year more than labour . it would kick in from 2018-19 , after the deficit has been cleared under lib dem plans and be funded by the proceeds of economic growth . mr clegg will claim the lib dems are now ‘ the party of education’ and the school funding commitment is firm because it will be on the front page of today’s manifesto of pledges . in a pitch to tory voters in battleground areas such as the south west , mr clegg will say people ‘ are right to distrust the conservatives on education’ . ‘ our manifesto has one simple ambition and word at its heart , opportunity’ , he said last night . ‘it’s the very old liberal idea that every should be able to live out their life to the full regardless of the circumstances of the circumstances of their birth , of the income of his or her parents or where they come from . ‘ education is the great liberator of people’s potential so we need to make sure we support the education system in the next parliament . ‘ the great challenge is we have more and more young people coming into our education system , so we need to make sure that the money is there to educate every single pupil even as their numbers increase . ‘ we are determined to make sure that every child in britain has a world class education . ’ the money would be spent on qualified teachers in every classroom , training more teachers , more classes in small groups or one to one and expanding early years education . speaking on the campaign trail in lewes in east sussex , mr clegg said he had noticed voters in seats fought between the tories and lib dems were expressing concern about spending on public services . the tories have matched lib dem plans to offer £8billion a year in extra health spending to meet a request from the head of nhs england . by jack doyle , political correspondent for the daily mail . the green party would abolish new road building and increase public spending by a fifth to pay for a vast wish-list of commitments , its manifesto revealed yesterday . leader natalie bennett pledged to raise tens of billions in new taxes , including a wealth tax , a 60p higher rate of income tax and imposing vat and fuel duty on aviation . launching the 84-page manifesto in trendy dalston , east london , she said it amounted to a ‘ peaceful political revolution’ . proposed policies include protections for the ‘ nomadic lifestyle’ , a promise to ‘ ensure respect for everyone’ , and adopting an approach of ‘ defensive defence’ while abolishing the trident nuclear deterrent . the age of criminal responsibility would be raised from ten to 14 , cannabis and other drugs legalised , and there would be an amnesty for illegal immigrants here for three years or more . leader natalie bennett pledged to raise tens of billions in new taxes , including a wealth tax , a 60p higher rate of income tax and imposing vat and fuel duty on aviation . but questions were raised over whether the hikes in taxes on the richest would raise anything like the billions promised . even manifesto author brian heatley admitted the plans were based on ‘ a lot of estimation and judgment’ . the proposals would see public spending go up by £177billion a year by the end of the parliament . a new tax would charge anyone with £3million 2 per cent of their wealth , and top earners would pay 60p in the pound . corporation tax would go up to 30 per cent from 20 per cent , the fuel duty escalator would be restored and capital gains tax allowances abolished . the party promises to scrap the £15billion major roads spending programme , bring in a ‘citizen’s pension’ of £180 a week for single oaps and £310 for a couple , and hugely increase spending on health , social care and social housing . foreign aid spending would rise by another £6billion a year , child benefit would double , tuition fees would be abolished and pupils would get organic school dinners . other policies include a promise to end the use of nuclear and coal power stations and ban fracking . railways would be renationalised , there would be a ban on fur imports , and cages for rabbits and hens in farming would be outlawed .