the england cricket team 's involvement with multi-billion-pound fraudster allen stanford — an all-time low point — has been defended by west indies cricket legend sir curtly ambrose . great fast bowler ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies-england series . ambrose was one of the west indies stars , along with sir viv richards and richie richardson , who accompanied stanford when he flew by helicopter to the lord 's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with england that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence , just one $ 20million t20 game into the contract . the england cricket team 's involvement with allen stanford has been defended by sir curtly ambrose . stanford 's deal with england england ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence . ambrose wrote : ' i was n't surprised the england cricket board officials were taken in by him . we all were . his vision to improve west indies cricket by using england seemed a hard one to argue with . but we felt that having england as the same opponents over that period would turn things stale . ' richardson said : ' he employed a lot of people in several businesses and built a stadium . he did a lot of good . we thought what he was doing was legitimate . ' richards added : ' to a lot of fellers here , he did well . ' ambrose accompanied stanford when he flew to the lord 's nursery ground in 2008 to launch the deal . the new ecb president giles clarke did not want to discuss the stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago . however , the new ecb president giles clarke , who negotiated the doomed deal and greeted stanford on his arrival at lord 's with a bear hug , did not want to discuss the stanford legacy . before the wisden launch last week at which he made a fool of himself by haranguing both the guest speaker and wisden editor lawrence booth , clarke would only say of stanford : ' that was all a long time ago . ' perhaps it 's no surprise , with stanford 's decaying cricket stadium just outside antigua 's airport there for all visitors to see , that clarke is swerving today 's first test on the island . michael vaughan might still be a long way from agreeing terms and working patterns to become england 's director of cricket . but he is staying at england 's luxury sugar ridge hotel in antigua , so he 's right in the middle of any politics going on over the appointment of a director and ideally placed to judge the mood music of players and management . director of cricket hopeful michael vaughan is staying at england 's luxury sugar ridge hotel in antigua . england rugby head coach stuart lancaster seems unperturbed by criticism that after four successive second places in the six nations , he 's been talking the talk , rather than walking the walk . lancaster has a speaking engagement a week today in aid of the dallaglio foundation along with sir clive woodward , lawrence dallaglio and captain chris robshaw at a £225-a-head function . the rfu say all lancaster 's talks in the run-up to the world cup are for charity . stuart lancaster seems unperturbed by criticism that he 's been talking the talk , not walking the walk . the grand national peak viewing figure of 8.8million proved that this is one event on the racing calendar that channel 4 invariably get right , even without clare balding . and the occasion was a personal triumph for regular racing presenter nick luck , who proved that c4 did n't need a jeremy kyle or jake humphrey when balding defected to commentate on the men 's and women 's boat races for the bbc . the grand national peak viewing figure of 8.8million proved channel 4 got their coverage right . regular racing presenter nick luck proved that channel 4 did n't need a jeremy kyle or jake humphrey . that 's a bit rich , jimmy . jimmy anderson being interviewed by cricket journalists on the eve of his 100th test when he is just four wickets from becoming england 's record test bowler , was asked what advice he would give young bowlers starting their international careers . anderson replied ' ignore the media ' , which even if meant ' tongue in cheek ' , as he later claimed , was a pretty crass thing to say as someone who has benefited hugely over the years from money for newspaper columns . meanwhile , captain alastair cook said he had learned of kevin pietersen 's century yesterday from test match special 's jonathan agnew while being interviewed . surely the ecb should have briefed him about kp 's exploits — the elephant in the room — before his media duties . jimmy anderson was asked what advice he would give young bowlers and replied : ' ignore the media ' . cricket feuds do n't always last as long as the 40-year enmity between sir ian botham and ian chappell . graeme swann has seemed one of kevin pietersen 's fiercest opponents since his england banishment but after a handshake of welcome in auckland during the first world cup semi-final they worked happily together for test match special . graeme swann ( left ) and kevin pietersen ( centre ) worked together for test match special after their feud .