reanne evans insists her world championship bid is ' do or die ' for women in snooker . the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month when she faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying . evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday . reanne evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker world championships . and , while her profile is dwarfed by the men 's game , evans knows she must take her chance . ' as much as it 's brilliant , you get the added pressure . i 'm do or die for the ladies . you have to accept it , that 's the way it is , ' she said . ' i hope it all goes in the right direction . ' it 's going to take time and i 'm getting old now , all the wrinkles are showing . ' if i do n't get to play ( in the main draw ) , i hope ( my attempt to qualify will inspire ) the young girls because they need to see a future in the game . ' we do n't need every match on tv but it 's just to show ladies are playing snooker and it might invite more players in . ' when i first started playing i did n't even know there was a ladies tour . if i did n't know , and i was into it , how are other people going to find out ? ' we just need it public and to make sure there are lady players out there . ' opponent doherty won the crucible title in 1997 but evans admits she is dreaming of making the main draw , which will require her and all the other 128 entrants to the preliminary draw to win three best-of-19-frame matches . her opponent ken doherty won the title in 1997 and he 's all that stands between her and the championships . she said : ' everybody wants to dream and sometimes they come true . it 's going to be such a tough ask , to win one is hard but to win three is going to be mega-tough . ' you have to go out there and play your best game and hopefully on the day you 'll win . ' there are that many good players out there even down the rankings - look at ben woollaston , who would have thought he 'd have got to the welsh open final ? but you never know if you do n't try . ' when i 'm on the table it 's about me and my game then . ' six-time crucible champion steve davis faces jamie cope in qualifying the day after evans faces doherty . the 16 players who make it through to the tournament proper will be decided on the afternoon of wednesday , april 15 . the draw for the main tournament proper will be made the following day , with the event getting under way on april 18 and concluding on may 4 .