most people might believe that being covered in face tattoos would make it impossible to land a job ; but for one inked-up canadian man the decision to cover his head , neck and arms in crude body art has actually earned him a lucrative career as a model . vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world ; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms ' embody pop culture ' , create ' a myth , a mystery ' and would one day help him to achieve his goal of global fame . and while many may have doubted his chances of succeeding , it seems his unique look has actually started to pay off , as the montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand garçon model . scroll down for video . inked in his underwear : vin loss , 24 , stars in a new campaign for underwear brand garçon model that showcases his extensive body art . baring it all : modeling underwear allows vin to show off his many tattoos , which include the names of cities like baghdad , san francisco , new york , and kuala luampur . the ads , which feature vin posing in boxer briefs , put his tattoos on full display , spotlighting phrases like ' scream my name ' , ' iconic face ' , and ' my man is str8 ' , as well as tattooed-on chest hair . ' you could look at me in a hundred years from now and really get the idea of what pop culture was like in the early 2010s , ' he told vice last year , adding that the words and phrases he chooses are inspired by youtube songs , places , and other ' superficial ' things . ' i want to be an image for people to look at , something that has an impact , ' he says . ' everybody who sees me is bound to ask questions : “ why fame ? what’s his life like ? ” ' art history : vin says he got his first tattoo around the age of 16 ; it 's the logo for le coq sportif on his chest . flashing his fame : one of his most prominent tattoos , the word ' fame ' written across his forehead summarizes vin 's biggest goal . vin 's extensive body art has taken him years to cultivate — while he now has 24 tattoos on his face and others on his arms , neck , chest , legs , and stomach , he started with a single rendering of the le coq sportif logo when he was 16 . he also insists that his tattoos are real , and has gone so far as to prove the designs are permanent by filming himself washing up , in order to show that the ink doesn’t come off when scrubbed . ' if i was indecisive , i don’t think i would write on my face , ' he explains . do n't forget this face : vin likes that his many tattoos make him memorable and thinks they make him a ' myth ' and a ' mystery ' . adding them up : vin has 24 tattoos on his face alone , including the words ' guilty ' , ' play ' , and ' famous ' . before breaking into modeling , vin worked at a supermarket where he says he ' wanted to die ' ; now he hopes to build an empire and bring a paparazzi culture to his hometown of montreal because he is disappointed that the city does n't have a ' star system ' . he also designs wallets , which he sells for $ 98 on his newly-launched website . vin is not the first heavily-tattooed model to use his body art to earn modelling gigs ; photographer christian saint recently released a book called tattoo super models that features women covered in ink .