a chinese-born american geologist was deported and returned to his texas home following his release from prison in china after serving nearly eight years on charges of ' illegally procuring state secrets ' . xue feng returned to his family in houston on friday following his release from beijing 's no . 2 prison . he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior . xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday following his release from beijing 's no . 2 prison . the 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at the chinese prison ( pictured ) . xue min ( right ) waits with daughter guo jie ( left ) for the trial of her brother outside a chinese court in 2010 . at the time of his release , xue was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security , according to the dui hua foundation . the foundation has long advocated on xue 's behalf . executive director john kamm said : ' dui hua is delighted that dr xue has finally been reunited with his family in america after a terrible ordeal , ' ' the foundation wishes him every success as he rebuilds his life . ' the 50-year-old xue was detained in november of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on china 's oil industry . his case raised questions about whether normal business activities elsewhere might conflict with china 's vague state security laws . supporters also said xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights . american diplomats had lobbied hard for xue 's release , saying his alleged crimes did n't warrant the harshness of his sentence . tong wei , the lawyer for the jailed american geologist , seen leaving beijing high people 's court in 2011 . president obama personally lobbied for xue 's release during a visit to beijing in november of 2009 , the new york times reported . after a court upheld xue 's conviction in february of 2011 , american ambassador jon huntsman said : ' this has been a long , difficult and painful ordeal for xue feng , but not only for xue but also for his wife , nan , and his two kids . ' we ask the chinese government to consider an immediate humanitarian parole of xue feng , thereby allowing him to get back to his family and his way of life . ' xue was born in china and earned a doctorate at the university of chicago , where he was praised by his advisers for his thoroughness and hard work . after becoming a united states citizen , he returned to his native country to work for us consultancy ihs energy , now known as ihs inc . in pronouncing him guilty , the beijing no . 1 intermediate people 's court said his actions ' endangered our country 's national security ' . the verdict said xue received documents on geological conditions of onshore oil wells and a database that gave the coordinates of more than 30,000 oil and gas wells belonging to china national petroleum corp. and listed subsidiary petrochina ltd .