made famous by their ' matchy matchy ' style and twin-like looks ( despite the five year age difference ) , the melbourne based fashion duo jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level . the sisters have teamed up with ' print all over me ' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints - and buffalo shoes , the brand behind the spice girls ' trademark platforms . introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s. , the girls knew it was a match made in heaven . ' we both have a love of colour and prints and so we said lets do something crazy together , ' says stef . scroll down for video . quirky collab : sister duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company ' print all over me ' . cocktails and creativity : the sisters are heading to la soon for summer to launch new shoe line ' twoobs ' . the photo-shoot was their own idea , which according to jess they ' threw together ' because they did n't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look that is all about over-the -top colours and accessories . while the duo look posed and polished in the pics , they let us in on a little secret , according to the ' how two live ' girls , they insist they do n't actually like modelling , despite the 1732 posts on instagram that would suggest otherwise . ' we don’t like to model , so we decided to add wigs and sunnies so we can hide behind them and they don’t see us , ' says jess . candy coloured palettes : stef , 27 ( left ) and jess , 22 ( right ) dadon have over 111,000 followers on instagram . steph says they use the term ' modelling ' loosely as they do n't see themselves as professional models , they just happen to be in the photos showcasing the clothes . the photo shoot which took place in sydney 's luna park provided the perfect backdrop for the crazy , clown-like antics of the collaboration . ' they closed the park for the day so we had a couple of hours to take over and shoot . it provided the perfect creepy abandoned backdrop . ' model shy : the girls admit while they love wearing clothes , they are actually camera shy . theme this : sydney 's theme park ' luna park ' was the backdrop for their crazy colour pop collaboration . the shoes featured are also as part of the collaboration and are from the brand ' buffalo shoes ' which are the same brand who sky-rocketed platforms into the mainstream when they were famously worn by the spice girls during the 90s . ' we 'd been collaborating with the guys from buffalo shoes but we were n't sure what our following would think , so we posted a pic on instagram and everyone has been dying over them - so it 's had a great response , ' says jess . while the photo shoot for their current collaboration only took a quick 45 minutes , the dadon sisters had a lot of other projects keeping them busy . down-to-earth duo : 45 minutes is all it took to string together the glamour shots as seen throughout . pop princesses : the platforms made by buffalo shoes are the same company made famous by the spice girls . first there 's their new shoe label , titled ' twoobs , ' coming out in june in america . ' we did a shoe collaboration with windsor smith a year and a half ago and once we got a taste for shoes we fell in love , ' says jess . ' this first line will be all about sandals with flat and platform soles , ' she said . according to jess , platforms are a must because they 're much more comfortable than heels - 'you’re feet wo n't be sore at the end of the night and you still get the height . ' flair for fashion : with a natural knack for fashion the girls are now releasing a 'how-to ' book titled # howtolive . colour craziness : ' how to live ' have become well known thanks to their colourful australian style . questioned why america is their first market , the sisters admit escaping to summer weather is their biggest appeal , especially as their based most of the year in melbourne ( known for it 's southerly chill ) . 'we’re going to go for three months then decide if we 'll stay on permanently . we love l.a. , and we already have a fan base and connections to the shoe industry over there so it just made sense , ' says stef . they also have a book in the works , with the very insta-worthy title ' # howtwolive ' coming out in september . celebrity scene : in their short two and a half years of blogging they 've met rachel zoe and anna dello russo . the book offers 36 'how-two ' projects including fashion , recipes and nail art ideas . as for more collaborations ? there 's more on the cards but according to the girls it 's still under tight wraps at the moment . not that the fashion bloggers will need any help with exposure . the duo have met a lot of fashion royalty in the two and a half years since their blog 's conception - with highlights including rachel zoe at new york fashion week and anna dello russo when they guest edited for elle girl japan . fame and fortune aside , at the end of the day all the girls really care about is representing fashion . ' in the australian blogging scene , everyone does the same thing , so we decided early on our goal was to bring colour into the australian market , ' says jess . patriotic pair : despite business endeavours in the u.s. they take pride in representing australian designers . and it 's their vibrant and uniquely australian approach that seems to be working . ' when we met rachel zoe we were wearing an amazing australian designer natasha fagg and she came up to us and was like ‘ '' i love what you’re wearing , you girls look so crazy , '' ' says jess . ' it also helps that we were wearing big sunnies , very rachel zoe , she adds . ' we love to promote australian designers when we 're overseas . when we guest edited elle girl , it was so cool to have people from japan come up and ask us who we were wearing , ' she said . despite their recent success , the duo from melbourne remain down-to-earth about their life and even admit that despite receiving the odd gifts here and there they prefer to buy all their own clothes . ' it 's flattering to receive gifts but we 're a bit picky and it 's always better to buy what you love and stay true to what your style is , ' says jess .