they may have millions in the bank and the most prestigious beauty houses bending over backwards to gift them products , but our favourite a-listers do n't turn their noses up at cheap and simple tricks when it comes to beautifying . from shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water , it seems the stars ' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen . insurgent actress shailene , who is a big fan of natural beauty , has confessed to cooking the vibrant vegetable to use it as an alternative to lipstick . insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot rather than lipstick ... and she 's not the only celebrity who favours natural beauty products . she told bon appetit magazine : ' it 's totally awesome . beets are amazing . if you roast them you 'll get a better lipstick . ' they 're not as potent and they do n't stain the same way if they 're raw . so i roast them first and then just dab a little of the juice on my lips with my finger . ' the 23-year-old star is n't the only celebrity who swears by unusual products when it comes to looking her best . gossip girl actress blake lively revealed the secret behind her glossy blonde locks comes from her fridge . blake lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering to avoid it drying out . she told byrdie : ' my mum taught me this really great beauty tip . she used to put oil or mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before she would shower . ' that way , when she would shampoo , the soap would n't strip the bottom of the hair and dry it out , making it brittle . ' meanwhile , 12 years a slave actress lupita nyong'o combats her dry skin with oily vegetables . she told harper 's bazaar last year : ' avocado oil is a big thing for me . i discovered it last year , and at first i was using it just on my body , but then i realised it works on my face , and my hair too , for that matter ! ' especially in the wintertime , when my skin is drier , it really seeps in and leaves it nice and lush . ' lupita nyong'o combats her dry skin with avocado and loves to use it on her locks , too . blonde-haired bombshell scarlett johansson is famed for her china doll skin and plump red lips . and while the actress can afford to splurge on a plethora of skincare treatments , the a-lister has been guarding a rather cheap and unusual beauty secret . the avengers star has revealed that she uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser . the 30-year-old slathers the natural product across her face to keep her spots at bay . while the actress did admit that the product - which is priced at around £1.50 in stores such as holland & barrett- can be harsh on skin , it has actually been effective in treating her spots . speaking to contactmusic about her beauty secrets , she revealed : ' i researched natural skincare and found that apple cider vinegar is really effective . ' using it as a toner can be harsh , but if you have breakouts it can be really healing . ' it 's a little bit stinky but if you 're not sleeping over at your boyfriend 's it 's really effective ! , ' she added . scarlett johansson has revealed that she uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser and to keep her spots at bay . natural beauty catherine zeta- jones is happy to use her own homegrown beauty secrets , such as rubbing honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles , washing her hair in beer and brushing her teeth with a strawberry . in an interview with now magazine back in 2009 , the actress admitted that the answer to preserving her youthful appearance lies as much in her kitchen as her make-up bag . ' i rub a mixture of honey and salt all over my body to moisturise and exfoliate , ' she said . ' you wash it off and your skin is gorgeous . also , i love to eat an apple after a meal , just to cleanse my teeth - they always look polished afterwards . ' if there are n't any apples in the fruit bowl , a strawberry will suffice . ' the juice or pulp of strawberries contains malic acid which serves as an astringent and can lighten surface stains , ' she explained . ' pineapples work the same way . ' however , while her rather unusual beauty regime appears to have its benefits , she admits it has its drawbacks too . ' i do condition my hair with honey and beer . ' i smell like the bottom of a beer barrel for days afterwards but it 's very good for the hair . ' kate moss submerges her face into a sinkful of iced cucumber water in the morning to perk up her skin . as someone who likes the odd cigarette and night out on the town , many are left wondering how does kate moss maintain such a glowing visage ? the supermodel submerges her face into a sinkful of iced cucumber water in the morning to perk up her skin . ' if i wake up looking tired and puffy , i fill a sink with ice and cucumber and submerge my face . ' it tightens everything making you look and feel instantly awake . it is a bit joan crawford - but it works ! , ' she told stylist magazine . cucumber and the skin share the same level of hydrogen , so the fruit can easily help to cure problem areas .