when it comes to modern-day travel , the long waits at airports and cramped flights are considered a necessary evil . but some airports , it seems , are very much worse than others . while islamabad benazir bhutto international airport , in pakistan , is often cited as the worst in the world , there are a surprising number of complaints form travellers about well-known hubs ranging from lax in los angeles to london luton . scroll down for video . queues are never a holidaymaker 's best idea of fun , but it appears some airports do n't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations ( pictured is los angeles airport ) . from the long queues for security , to paying for internet connectivity that does n't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal , the allegations against these well-known airports are varied , infuriating travellers while they await their connection . so , which airports top the list when it comes to passengers complaining about their experience ? these are the hubs that appear to disappoint holidaymakers the most ... the layout at los angeles airport has been criticised by many visitors . los angeles international airport , u.s . the san francisco chronicle once described lax as ' eight terminals connected by a traffic jam ' . complaints generally revolve around the convoluted and unsigned layout , the lack of restaurants , activities and services for the layover traveller , and the general uncleanliness of the airport in los angeles ( lax ) . writing on google + , passenger tim dascomb described the airport , that handled almost 80 million visitors last year , as looking like it ' has n't been maintained since 1973 . ' he continued : ' tsa was horrible , no surprise there . wifi is spotty when it is n't non-existent . when returning internationally , customs was the slowest i 've ever encountered in my life . ' nick ross was similarly scathing in his one-star review when he wrote : ' this is the absolute worst airport i 've ever been to . it 's like the walmart of airports . ' my flight was delayed . then you have to wait in line for almost two hours for them to give you a re-booking for the next day . ' lax is america 's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year , beaten only by hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport . so perhaps it is no wonder passengers become frustrated with long queues for security , immigration and customs . there is good news though . in the latest skytrax world airport awards , lax crept into the top 100 , making 98th place from a previous position of 102 . hurghada international airport , egypt . it is a favourite hotspot with european travellers , especially those looking for some winter sun . however , travellers complain that there is reportedly no air conditioning in the departure lounge and an expensive duty free shop . holidaymaker ash tulett told mailonline travel : ' lack of places to buy food , surprise card charges when buying duty free make all in all a miserable and depressing looking airport . ' hurghada international airport is an important check-in to explore egypt 's holiday resorts , with queues like this experienced by many . the opinion was similarly shared by hannah davis who left a google review saying : ' just flew in and out of this airport . the worst i have ever had the displeasure to use . ' herded into the security area like cattle by extremely rude and abusive staff . there was one belt working although there were about 10 areas that could have been opened . barney ashworth was n't too happy with hurghada airport , and shared his views on twitter . ' after finally getting through there and checking in yet more queues and abusive staff at passport control . my passport was literally thrown in my face after being stamped . ' the airport has undergone massive renovations to accommodate dramatically rising leisure traffic , with officials stating they can now cater for around 13 million passengers annually . seemingly many of these passengers would n't agree . laguardia airport , new york , u.s . new york laguardia has been named as the most frustrating airport in north america . taking into account the time it takes to get there , the security processes , the quality of the terminals and facilities , and how many flights get delayed , laguardia takes the crown that nobody wants . visitors to laguardia new york describe the airport as being underwhelming with less than helpful staff . to be delayed at laguardia is ' mind numbing ' according to research attained by sleepingatairports.net . the research , conducted by businessweek.com , used data from a user survey , airports ' on-time performance , and information on the ease of getting to and from the airports . it 's location , beyond subway lines , means long taxi queues for arriving passengers and the airport scored an abysmal 91 out of 100 in businessweek 's survey . sleepinginairports.net says that the airport has ' drab décor , poor restaurant selection , lacklustre cleanliness , counter-intuitive layout and the notoriously unhelpful staff . ' they add : ' while a departure from here is manageable , a delay here becomes the definition of mind numbing . ' the airport was once likened to a ' third world country ' by u.s . vice-president joe biden . people take to social networks on a regular basis to complain about laguardia airport . islamabad benazir bhutto international airport , pakistan . the 2014 guide to sleeping at airports named the pakistan airport as the very worst after tourists were asked to rate their airport experiences based on comfort , facilities , cleanliness and customer service . one customer likened pakistan 's islamabad benazir bhutto international airport to ' a central prison ' adding : ' many of the touts and taxi drivers loot people at the airport and outside ' . tourists also criticised the absence of crowd control , ' pervasive corruption ' , inconsistent security checks and the overall lack of cleanliness and technology . some visitors to islamabad benazir bhutto international airport have described it as more like ' a prison ' . the customer service aspect of the airport in islamabad has been highlighted as a growing concern . london luton airport , luton , uk . the biggest gripe for tourists when travelling here is that they are not actually in london but bedfordshire . however , while that should be looked into pre-flight , a host of elements at the airport leave customers angry . a favourite with the budget airlines , crowds can become problematic both arriving at the airport and in the terminal . luton is a favourite with budget airlines , and this can lead to long queues for customers . some of customers ' biggest complaints are that everything from wi-fi to the bags used to put your liquids in are chargeable . writing on the review section of skytrax , bob daniel described luton airport as an ' absolutely ghastly place . ' he added : ' as others have noticed they charge you for anything they can think of . ' the ' short term ' car park is so far away heaven help you if it is raining . ' security is a farce at the best of times , at times of minor demand it is appalling . ' omar chaudhuri did n't go into detail about his luton airport experience , but was confident in his opinion . and in her zero-star rating on the site , julia gilson wrote : ' luton airport security is a shambles . be warned long queues causing passengers to miss their flights . ' the whole luton experience is extremely poor . ' which ? travel has also waded in to the fray , branding luton the uk 's worst airport for the second year running in 2014 in its annual survey of ' holiday hassles ' . of the 8,000 people surveyed , it received a satisfaction rating of just 37 per cent , six per cent lower than the previous year . and one which ? member went as far as describing the airport as a ' hell hole ' . charles de gaulle airport , paris , france . paris charles de gaulle airport is the world 's seventh-busiest airport , and one where it 's best to give yourself plenty of time to navigate the terminal . passengers claim sandwiches and snacks are overpriced , complaining that a simple baguette can cost as much as €6 , while terminal corrections can mean over an hour spent navigating by shuttle . be prepared for a terminal transfer once checked-in at charles de gaulle airport in paris . an89go writes in their google review : ' in general it feels much better when you know you finally leave the airport - check in rush , security rush and everything else that 's in rush at the cdg ( basically everything ) makes you stressed out . ' tom jeffs was similarly depressed with his experience at the airport in the french capital by writing : ' the toilets are small and cramped , cubicles have no hooks . the only clothing shops here sell jeans that cost over 150 euros . '  worldwide . 1 . islamabad benazir bhutto international airport , pakistan ( isb ) . 2 . jeddah king abdulaziz international airport , saudi arabia ( jed ) . 3 . kathmandu tribhuvan international airport , nepal ( ktm ) . 4 . manila ninoy aquino international airport , philippines ( mnl ) . 5 . tashkent international airport , uzbekistan ( tas ) . 6 . paris beauvais-tille international airport , france ( bva ) . 7 . frankfurt hahn international airport , germany ( hhn ) . 8 . bergamo orio al serio international airport , italy ( bgy ) . 9 . berlin tegel international airport , germany ( txl ) . 10 . new york city laguardia international airport , usa ( lga ) . europe . 1 . paris beauvais-tille international airport , france ( bva ) . 2 . frankfurt hahn international airport , germany ( hhn ) . 3 . bergamo orio al serio international airport , italy ( bgy ) . 4 . berlin tegel international airport , germany ( txl ) . 5 . rome ciampino international airport , italy ( cia ) . 6 . barcelona girona-costa brava international airport , spain ( gro ) . 7 . paris orly international airport , france ( ory ) . 8 . london luton international airport , england ( ltn ) . 9 . warsaw-modlin mazovia international airport , poland ( wmi ) . 10 . rome fiumicino international airport , italy ( fco ) . research conducted by sleepinginairports.net from 2014 data . reviewer timo rantanen , writing for airlinequality.com , did spot some improvements though . last month he wrote : ' improved signage , still difficult . i have regarded cdg as one of the most confusing airports to change planes . since my last experience there has been significant improvement in signage . it is still not an easy or fast airport for changing flights but added signage makes it a bit better . ' although not everybody is a fan . b cohen , from the us , described charles de gaulle as an ' abysmal excuse for an airport ' . he wrote : ' be prepared to miss your flight , because that is the likely outcome of the complete and utter inefficiency and disorganization . be prepared to have no one care whatsoever about your plight . ' the airport also squeezed into the top 50 in the latest skytrax world airport awards - not bad for a hub that used to be ranked as one of the worst in the world .       