health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking . the proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland , the scottish government’s health promotions agency , which says more action is needed to tackle the ‘ continuing problem’ of ‘ hazardous alcohol consumption in young people’ . the move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in scotland . new measure : health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking . if introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scotland than it is in the rest of britain , where it is 18 . last night professor sir ian gilmore , chairman of alcohol health alliance uk , said he would welcome the minimum age being set at 21 . he said : ‘ if it was 21 now , i would not be calling for it to be lowered . ’ but he added : ‘ given the fact that we are where we are , i think that politically it is quite difficult , when the age is 18 for so many other adult rites in our society . ’ the proposal to raise the legal age is outlined in a report titled ‘ best preventative investments for scotland – what the evidence and experts say’ , which examines mea-sures to improve public health . it says the idea to ‘ increase the minimum legal drinking age to 21 would be highly cost-effective , as it would both improve people’s health without having to spend much money , and reduce demand on the nhs’ . report author neil craig said : ‘ in scotland , hazardous alcohol consumption in young people is a continuing problem . ‘ for both males and females , the largest increase in hospitalisation rates for alcohol-related conditions since the early 1980s has been in the 15-24 year olds , and this was particularly marked for females . ’ in fact , doctors across the whole of britain are worried about the increase in such hospitalisations . between 2002 and 2010 , the number of admissions to english hospitals among 15 to 24 year olds due to alcohol rose by 66 per cent to 55,655 – or more than 150 a day . the proposal has been put forward by experts at nhs health scotland , the scottish government’s health promotions agency . the increase among women ( 76 per cent ) was higher than in men ( 57 per cent ) . while the government in westminster has been reluctant to legislate to tackle the alcohol problem , the scottish government has had far fewer reservations . it has already agreed a 50p minimum unit price for alcohol , although the controversial move will not be implemented if the scottish whisky association succeeds in an ongoing court battle to block it . the scottish government has also banned ‘bogof’ ( buy-one-get-one-free ) deals and other offers encouraging bulk-buying of alcohol , and reduced the drink driving limit . a scottish government spokesman said : ‘ we remain open to the consideration of any evidence-based proposals that can contribute to reducing alcohol-related harm . ’ a department of health spokesman in london said : ‘ there are no plans to increase the legal age for buying alcohol . ’