when chelsea clinton became the first daughter of the united states of america , she was just a twelve-year-old from arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls . but over the years , as chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman , her curls quickly began to fade , appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on , before eventually vanishing completely . now , in a candid interview with elle magazine , chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets – insisting that , far from being an intentional style change , her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time . scroll down for video . all grown up : in the latest issue of elle , chelsea clinton finally reveals to the world just what happened to her once-curly hair . mystery solved : chelsea 's famous curls ( pictured left in 1998 ) went from unmanageable frizz to tight ringlets , before fading into a fuller , wavier style ( pictured right , in 2015 ) . when asked by the magazine about what became of her 'pre-raphaelite curls ' , chelsea revealed : ' i do n't actually have curly hair anymore . ' ' my curls , in my early twenties , just fell into waves . i do n't know if they got tired of me , but the curls slowly subsided , and so now it 's naturally a little bit wavy but ... i miss my curls . the 35-year-old daughter of bill clinton , the 42nd president of the united states , also talked about her marriage to investment banker marc mezvinsky in the new interview , as well as her role as a mother to her baby daughter charlotte . quite a change : chelsea , pictured here at age 11 just a few months before her father bill was elected president , was often the victim of bullying remarks over her unruly hair . hillary 's girl : elle editor-in-chief robbie myers describes chelsea as being ' innately regal ' with ' a kind of grace that does n't seem practiced ' . visit site . we 've watched her grow up in the white house to become a woman who commands much commending through her fiercely intelligent and graceful character . chelsea clinton may be the first daughter again and she shows off her sleek grown up look on the cover of elle magazine in a gucci dress from the spring 2015 collection . she 's now a mother herself and dresses appropriately for her age in a chic little black dress . the carefully placed cut out and luxurious fabric show off her enviable figure . the simple slim line belt really highlights that and we love the minimalist styling . this makes us focus on the woman in front of us . we could see this dress being not only a workhorse item in your wardrobe that carries you from the boardroom to the bar for happy hour but a perfect date night outfit if you added a few sparkling baubles here and there . head over to neiman marcus to invest in this lbd or check out our more wallet friendly choices below . dion lee cut out dress at net-a-porter . visit site . trina turk davani cutout-shoulder dress at neiman marcus . visit site . french connection scuba dress with cut outs at zappos . visit site . adrianna papell faux leather cutout dress at off 5th avenue . visit site . ' i 'm curious if charlotte 's going to have curly hair , ' she told the magazine , adding that the scrutiny on little charlotte 's locks will ' inevitably ' match her own growing up . ' i should apologize to her now , ' she added . chelsea noted that seven-month-old charlotte clinton mezvinsky , who was born on september 26 , has now become the center of her and her husband 's life ' in the most blessed sense ' . she said : ' i now understand - this is something else that marc and i talk about all the time - all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , because we also feel and think all those things about charlotte - that she is just the most remarkable little bubbly , perfect , chunky monkey creature ever . ' what a difference a decade makes : chelsea in 2004 ( l ) and 2014 ( r ) showing off the naturally changing state of her locks . still springy : at only 13-years-old chelsea had already tamed most of her frizz , but rocked a tightly curled look for most of the years of her father 's presidency . despite her glamorous look in this month 's elle fashion spread , chelsea confessed that fashion is not her forte . the former white house resident spoke of her family 's relationship with designer oscar de la renta , who passed away in october , saying he ' was always giving me fashion advice - often in the form of just telling me what to wear , because i do n't have a fashion brain ' . although shying away from making a direct comment on her mother 's run for president and her own potential return to the role of first daughter , chelsea did comment at length on the need for women in politics and gender equality in the workplace . ' we 've made real progress on legal protections for women , but in no way are women at parity to men in our country in the workplace , ' she explained . ' and if we look in the political sphere , it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of congress is treated as a real success . since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ' and so when you ask about the importance of having a woman president , absolutely it 's important , for , yes , symbolic reasons—symbols are important ; it is important who and what we choose to elevate , and to celebrate . ' making a return to the white house ? chelsea 's mother and former first lady officially announced her 2016 presidential campaign on sunday .