rapper vanilla ice avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from february , his attorney said . ' he 's pretty thrilled . he 's never really been in trouble like this before so obviously he was nervous , ' said defense lawyer bradford cohen of fort lauderdale . the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention deal . vanilla ice , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $ 1million home . police say van winkle stole items from this house in lantana , florida , while he was filming his reality show inside an adjacent home . van winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime , but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement , cohen said . the grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine . the items that were taken from the house were returned to their owner . the 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star , who famously rapped that ' anything less than the best is a felony ' in his 1990s hit song ' ice ice baby , ' said at the time of his arrest in february that the situation had been ' overblown ' . the rapper 's home currently is under construction and also is the site of his latest venture , a reality tv show for the diy network called the vanilla ice project . while there were items in the home ( pictured above ) at the time of the alleged theft , no one else was in the property . authorities believe van winkle stole furniture , a pool heater ( pictured above ) , bicycles and other items from the home . cohen said van winkle is happy to have the charge resolved before the kickoff of season five of his television series . van winkle , who is also a general contractor , regularly performs community service , his lawyer said , including a project two weeks ago to build a swimming pool for a quadriplegic firefighter . his community service under the plea deal must take place at a habitat for humanity project in palm beach county . at the time of his arrest , van winkle also was accused of burglary although prosecutors never formally filed that charge . van winkle all along said the incident was a misunderstanding . cohen said most of the items he was accused of stealing had been left outside the home by squatters who had been vandalizing the unoccupied property . in his diy network show , the vanilla ice project , van winkle and a crew renovate and flip homes . van winkle ( center ) was released from the palm beach county jail on a $ 6,000 bond after his arrest in february . van winkle has been married to wife laura since 1997 and they have two daughters together . this is not his first brush with the law ; in 1991 , he was arrested and pleaded no contest for threatening a homeless man with a gun . a decade later , he was arrested by florida police and spent a night in jail for assaulting his wife as they argued while driving . he admitted that he had pulled her hair , but said it was to stop her from jumping out of their truck , and was sentenced to probation and attended family therapy sessions . in 2008 , van winkle was arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife again - but was released the following day after she said he had only pushed her . the case was dropped two weeks later .