charged with four offences : sunderland footballer adam johnson arrives to answer bail at peterlee police station in county durham yesterday . an england footballer was yesterday charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . adam johnson , 27 , who plays in the premier league for sunderland and has represented his country 12 times , faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted . the £10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at peterlee police station , durham . johnson , the father of a three-month-old daughter , has been accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . the £50,000-a-week player is due to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court . his team is playing arsenal away that evening in the penultimate game of their league battle against relegation . the case threatens to put an end to the talented attacker’s glittering career . last night , it was not clear if he will be allowed to continue playing before his case is dealt with . gerry wareham , of the crown prosecution service , announced the decision to charge johnson . he said it was in the public interest to charge the footballer and there was a ‘ realistic prospect’ of a conviction . johnson was told of the charges he will face during a 20-minute meeting with detectives . dressed in a navy tracksuit and white trainers , he emerged grim-faced and walked swiftly out of the police station without commenting before being driven away . he stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003 . the offences are said to have taken place between december 30 last year and february 26 . he has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under section 15 of the act . johnson was arrested on march 2 at his six-bedroom , £1.9million home in castle eden , near hartlepool . court date : premier league winger johnson ( centre ) will appear at peterlee magistrates’ court on may 20 . winger : johnson ( left , with long-time girlfriend stacey flounders , and right , in a match against newcastle united on april 5 ) has made 31 appearances for sunderland this season , scoring five goals . he became a father for the first time on january 8 when his girlfriend stacey flounders , 25 , gave birth to their daughter ayla sofia . the alleged sexual activity offences cover a period while she was pregnant and after she gave birth . johnson was born in sunderland and raised in easington , county durham , before joining middlesbrough’s youth academy as a 12-year-old . he made his premier league debut for the club in 2005 and was sold in 2010 to manchester city . sunderland signed him for £10million in 2012 . initially the player was suspended after his arrest . but two weeks later , he was allowed back to training and returned to the team under sunderland’s new manager dick advocaat . home : the premier league winger was arrested at his mansion ( pictured ) in county durham on march 2 . former middlesbrough star : adam johnson has represented england at senior level 12 times . adam johnson began his career at middlesbrough , where he made his debut in a uefa cup game in 2005 , aged just 17 . almost six months later , he turned out for the first time in the premier league , taking part in a 2-1 home win against arsenal . he was loaned out to leeds united then watford , scoring 12 goals in his three-month stay at the hertfordshire club . on his return to middlesbrough , he again showed strong form , then made a £7million move to manchester city in february 2010 . in three seasons at the etihad stadium , the speedy winger made 97 appearances , helping win the barclays premier league , fa cup and community shield . in august 2012 he moved back to his native north east , to sunderland , in a £10million deal , and highlights of his time there have included a hat-trick on january 11 last year in a 4-1 away win over fulham . he said after taking the match ball as a memento : ‘ these days do n't come along too often unless you 're messi or ronaldo , so it was nice for me to get that ball as a souvenir to look back on . ‘ this is up there with one of my best days of my career along with playing for england , scoring for england . ’ he was awarded the barclays player of the month award that month . the 27-year-old has represented england at under-19 and under-21 level , and at senior level 12 times , the last of them in a friendly victory over italy in august 2012 . he has struggled to reproduce his best form on a sustained basis at sunderland , but endeared himself to the fans with goals in each of the club 's three derby victories at newcastle in as many seasons , including a late winner at st james ' park on december 21 last year . derby win : winger johnson scored a late winner against newcastle united at st james ' park last december . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .