tents crushed by snow , belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims : this is the chaotic scene after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake sparked an avalanche on mount everest , killing 18 people . before and after images show how the wave of snow , ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on saturday . the avalanche started on mount kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak . half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region . eighteen people died in the avalanche , including four americans , and 61 were injured , according to nepal 's mountaineering department . scroll down for videos . covered : an image , left , shows everest base camp as it usually looks in april compared to how the same place looked following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake on saturday . survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed . before the storm : the snow-covered scenes are in start contrast to how the base camp ( seen in 2013 ) usually looks at this time of year . flattened : but on saturday , an avalanche pummeled the campers at the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp , leaving it covered with snow . american google executive dan fredinburg , 33 , was the first confirmed fatality on the mountain . new jersey-born dr marisa eve girawong , 29 , was also killed by the avalanche where she worked as a medic for madison mountaineering . a third american , tom taplin , 61 , who owned tet films & photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit , nbc news reported . his wife corey fryer told the station he died ' doing what he loved ' . on sunday the first survivors were flown off everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their incredible stories of survival . bhim bahudar khatri , a cook for a climbing team , said : ' i was cooking for my team in the meal tent when the earthquake hit . we all rushed out to the open and the next moment a huge wall of snow just piled on me . ' i managed to dig out of what could easily have been my grave . i wiggled and used my hands as claws to dig as much as i could . i was suffocating , i could not breathe . but i knew i had to survive . ' i dug a few more feet until i was out of the snow and could breathe . i looked around and saw the tents all torn , crushed and many people injured . i had lived , but lost many of my friends . ' an everest guide , pemba sherpa , 43 , added : ' i was resting in my tent when the earthquake hit . i heard a big noise and the next thing i know i was swept away by the snow . i must have been swept almost 200 meters . i lost consciousness . wreckage : people look over the scene on saturday after the earthquake triggered the avalanche that flattened parts of the base camp . deadly : an image from sunday shows a tent completely flattened by the avalanche , which left 18 people dead on saturday . carried to safety : rescuers use a makeshift stretcher to carry an injured person after the massive avalanche on saturday . changed landscape : another photograph shows the base camp following the huge avalanche on saturday . fight for survival : one survivor recalled ' a huge wall of snow ' falling on him and how he had to claw his way out to survival . recovery : a group is seen carrying an injured climber in their sleeping bag ; more than 60 people were injured in the incident . mountaineering instructor chris harling , 41 , from keswick , cumbria , has spoken of the terrifying moment he felt the ground ' turn to jelly under his feet ' after the earthquake hit mount everest . ' when i regained consciousness , i was in a tent surrounded by foreigners . i did not know what happened or where i was . ' he said the toll on everest was sure to rise : ' there are still many people who are still missing on the mountain . there were several tents buried by the snow , several blown away . ' michael churton , a filmmaker from new york , was with four other colleagues at the base camp when the earthquake hit , and he said that it took about 45 seconds for the avalanche to finish . ' i told the group to get down , ' he said . ' it was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run . ' after curling up into a fetal position , he was thrown into a rock , which left him with cuts to his face and a black eye - but he was otherwise uninjured . mountaineering instructor chris harling , 41 , from keswick , cumbria , has spoken of the terrifying moment he felt the ground ' turn to jelly under his feet ' after the earthquake hit mount everest . speaking from his sleeping bag at base camp on the north side of the mountain , the experienced climber said his group took cover after rocks the size of cars came crashing down around them . ' at first we could feel the trembling under the tent , but it was eerie as there was no noise , it was silent . then it felt like we were shaking on a huge plate of jelly , ' he said . ' it was so strange feeling the ground turn to jelly under our feet and we thought the mountain would start crashing down on us . ' the instructor from adventure peaks , who was leading a group of eight clients on their first trip up the mountain , said the area was badly hit by rock falls , but they all escaped injury . killed : three americans died on the mountain : dr marisa eve girawong , 29 , ( left ) , who was working as a medic at the time , google exec dan fredinburg , 33 , ( center with his ex-girlfriend , actress sophia bush ) and documentary filmmaker tom taplin , 61 ( right ) . heading out : rescuers carry a sherpa injured by the avalanche . the quake is believed to have killed more than 4,000 people . heading home : a rescue helicopter prepares to land on sunday and the first survivors were carried off the mountainside . ' sure enough , an area of steep cliffs did break off sending car sized boulders hurtling down only a few hundred metres from our tents . we are still feeling aftershocks hours later . ' we were very lucky as no one in our group has been injured , but one climber was struck by a boulder . ' he said their main priority was now working out how to leave base camp and make their way home , as the road to kathmandu has been obliterated by the quake . ' we are trapped and have nowhere to go , we ca n't get back to kathmandu , the road has been completely destroyed and there is absolutely no way to get through . ' climber garrett madison , who runs seattle-based firm madison mountaineering , described how he was leading his group up the mountain when he heard the terrifying sound of avalanches . ' we heard an awful noise and heard avalanches coming down either side of the valley , ' he said . ' we thought we were going to get wiped out but we were only dusted by a snow cloud . we proceeded up to camp two and contacted base camp where we heard of the awful destruction . ' on monday , it emerged that the death toll from the earthquake has risen to 4,400 people , with more than 8,000 injured . the toll is expected to rise as assessments are made in vulnerable mountain villages that have been inaccessible since the quake . nepalese officials have speculated that the number of casualties could reach as high as 10,000 .