spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers . however , your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with , but it will soon fade in just a few days , a week at the most . but that does n't have to be the case , as there are simple tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms . scroll down for video . with simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your flowers last . while there are plenty of diy ' solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh , most of these things can actually damage the delicate flowers . using some simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist , you can make your blooms last a lot longer . you do n't need to be a professional florist to pull these off , just read our guide and try it out . from spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals , we 've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from serenata flowers . tip number 1 : keep your flowers well-groomed . trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely . use a sharp , unserrated knife and cut on a slant - exposing more surface area . trim just half an inch off the stems of your flowers with a sharp knife . warming then cooling the flowers ' hardens ' them for longer-lasting freshness . 2 . harden the flowers , which speeds up the water update through the stems . after cutting the stems , place the flowers in 43.5c water . leave to sit in a cool location for up to two hours . 3 . preserve your flowers with hairspray . remove them from the vase and lightly spray the petal undersides while holding the can several inches away . hang the flowers upside down to dry before returning to the vase . 4 . do n't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits - particularly kiwis , apples and bananas - produce ethylene , which rots nearby plants and fruits . delicate petals can be kept in place with a light spritz of hairspray . 5 . keep your flowers well-fed - and 7up or sprite could do the job . mix together one cup of water , one cup of 7up and half a teaspoon of household bleach . if more liquid is required , increase the amounts proportionally . 6 . clean your vases . vases in regular use often contain microorganisms that will kill of your flowers . first , fill the vase with hot water and mix in a tablespoon of baking soda and white vinegar . scrub the insides with a cloth , empty the mixture and dry before housing new flowers . 7 . keep flowers away from appliances . tv and computers give off heat , which can lead to flowers becoming dehydrated . place flowers in a cool spot where they 'll receive plenty of light . make sure they have plenty of water and mist the petals daily . if you want to ripen an avocado , put it next to your bananas , they say . do the opposite for fresh flowers . the most popular spring flowers are daffodils - the messengers of spring - and tulips . tulips are very affordable but they normally do n't last very long if kept in a vase . other popular spring flowers include sweet peas and peonies . peonies are very popular wedding flowers as they symbolise good fortune and happy marriage . anemones are also in season in spring , another popular flower in wedding bouquets . hyacinths are beautiful flowers that add a hint of colour and wonderful smell to any room . other flowers perfect for a spring arrangement are narcissus , hyacinths , ranunculus , lilacs , delphiniums and boronia . daffodils , tulips , sweet peas and peonies are all in season for spring . feeling ripped off by flower feed ? make your own with 7 up and bleach . a used vase can contain organisms that will kiss your flowers faster - so give it a good scrub first . once you 've picked your favourite blooms , it 's all about composition : ' first , start with the correct vase for your flowers . ' for stiff-stemmed flowers like roses , cube shaped or round vase will make them look great and enable easy arranging . for soft stemmed flowers like tulips , use a tall vase that will support them properly and their natural arch will help with arranging . if you have mixed flowers , you can use different vases , depending on the size of the flowers , their quantity and style of flower arrangement you want . ' pay attention to the colour of your flowers . shades of the same colour ( for example shades of pink ) or contrasting colours , like red and white , will look great . ' remove the leaves from the stems and leave only few on the top , especially for roses . this will add additional support , help to fill in the arrangement and adds a bit of colour too . ' start by arranging the flowers in hand . place the larger flowers near the base of the arrangement . start adding your flowers around the base , then tie them together . place them in a vase and add some small flowers around the edges , to fill the gaps if needed . ' who knew you had to keep flowers away from the tv ? the heat is dehydrating ! so keep them misted . 