matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid . a fantasist prowler who harassed young women , traumatising them after scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks where they lived , has been banned from the area nearby for five years . matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid , asking when confronted ' am i scaring you ? ' and ' you 're dead sexy - can i come in ? ' in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him . hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any time in the next five years . jailing him for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary , judge martin rudland said he had ' deliberately targeted vulnerable women ' scaling the walls of buildings ' like a cat burglar of old ' in a series of ' highly suspicious offences ' . hall stole nothing from the victims . making the order prohibiting hall from ' the area known as the northern quarter ' , bordered by shudehill , church street , dale street and newton street , judge martin rudland said ' we need to protect the occupants of flats . ' in the first offence , on june 16 , a teenager , who has been left traumatised by her ordeal , spotted hall hiding behind a clothes maiden on a balcony of a first floor flat at silver jubilee walk , off oak street . when she asked him what he was doing , he sat up and ' appeared scared ' , telling her : ' do n't phone the police , you do n't need to be scared of me . i 'm just hiding . ' he then lied that police were chasing him , the court heard . the victim led him to the front door but a short time later , having returned to her bedroom , saw him again on the balcony . hall , of farnborough road , miles platting , has 45 offences on record for dishonesty , violence and breaches . she angrily approached him and he burst into tears , giving her a false name , before climbing down from the balcony . on june 28 a young woman at vantage quay , brewer street was watching tv at 3am when hall climbed onto her ground floor balcony . in a ten minute ordeal he twice engaged her in conversation by banging on the window and claiming to have been chased . he told her a false name and repeatedly asked her , ' am i scaring you ? ' , quizzed her about whether she lived alone , and told her she was ' dead sexy ' , before asking if he could come in . balconies of the kind hall scaled in manchester 's northern quarter district when terrorising his victims . he has been banned from the fashionable northern quarter district ( pictured ) for the safety of its residents . police attended after she called officers from behind a locked door , but twenty minutes after they left she spotted him on another balcony . on july 2 , hall returned to silver jubilee walk and walked into another young woman 's home via the balcony . she was woken in the early hours after he walked into her bedroom before fleeing . hall , of farnborough road , miles platting , has 45 offences on his record for dishonesty , violence and breaches . 