for the first time this year , nasa’s mars reconnaissance orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet . the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater . but interestingly , the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather . the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches ( 25cm ) per pixel , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface . it is seen here in the full image , circled . the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock . the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment ( hirise ) camera on the martian satellite , from a height of 187 miles ( 300km ) above the surface . the rover 's top speed is 1.5 inches ( 3.8 centimetres ) per second . curiosity is the fourth rover to visit mars . it took around seven minutes to land on the red planet . the rover is fitted with 17 cameras . it weighs about the same as a mini cooper at approximately 900kg ( 2,000lbs ) . scientists considered 60 possible landing sites before deciding on gale crater . it is not the first time it has spotted curiosity , or indeed other rovers , on the surface - but it is the first time in 2015 . the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches ( 25cm ) per pixel , allowing it to see curiosity , which is the size of a car . in this image the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock . these rocks are part of the pahrump hills in the murray formation , which is an area of sandstones , siltstones and calcium sulphate veins on the surface . they are the lowest exposed rocks of mount sharp - also known as aeolis mons - which nasa is planning to send curiosity up at some point . in the image the rover had recently completed a drive of about 75ft ( 23 metres ) during its 949th day on mars - also known as a sol . north is towards the top in the image , with the entire view spanning about 1,640ft ( 500 metres ) across . curiosity has been driving a route through an area called artist’s drive , on its way to the higher layers of mount sharp after examining pahrump hills . its ultimate science destination , logan pass , is at the bottom left of the image . nasa scientists in california have revealed a distant image of curiosity ( shown ) . it was taken by the mars reconnaissance orbiter from 187 miles up . one interesting aspect is that the rover 's tracks can not be seen . this may be due to martian weather or they blend in with the surface . here 's the view from the surface : curiosity took this image of artist 's drive around a similar time that the mro spacecraft spotted it from orbit . the rover is now on its way to a region called logan pass . aside from keeping track of the rover , this image also allows scientists to monitor nearby sand dunes . and the absence of the rover’s tracks also hints at one of two possibilities . it may be that martian wind has swept them away , or it could be that the dark sand dug up by the wheels as they move is a similar colour to the surface , and thus indistinguishable . the last time curiosity was spotted from orbit was more than four months ago . another benefit of taking this sort of image is to find upcoming landmarks that might be of interest for the rover . curiosity has now been on mars for almost 1,000 days , having landed on 6 august 2012 . shown here is a mosaic of images creating a self-portrait of the rover , which makes it look like someone else has taken it .