the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger . but for me there is one standout contender for manager of the year and that 's louis van gaal . think about what he walked into and what he was expected to achieve in a short space of time . you can only be impressed . the stricken patient was fading fast , but the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health . manchester united boss louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year . united 's players celebrate together during the derby win against rivals manchester city . wayne rooney , ashley young and juan mata celebrate during the 4-2 win against city . manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at city ... the club must think big or forever remain small . forget eden hazard and michael carrick ... the best player in the premier league this weekend was leicester 's jamie vardy . how stupid do some english football ' experts ' look now ? after the early-season defeats at mk dons and leicester city , they were laying into van gaal . they should have known better . when a manager as great as van gaal turns up in the barclays premier league , we should all be grateful to witness his genius at close quarters . so while he was busy trying to rectify the massive problems he inherited at manchester united , there were too many who could n't wait to hammer him for every single slip-up . and now they 've all gone quiet as united cement their place in the top four . job done – so far , at least . the critics will probably say he has n't won anything . listen , united were seventh last season , their defence was decimated in the summer , and this season the two big signings – radamel falcao and angel di maria – have , for different reasons , failed to hit the heights they achieved previously . marouane fellaini celebrates scoring in this brilliant photograph taken by sportsmail snapper ian hodgson . despite all of that , van gaal has taken united back to where they wanted to be – into the top four . in fact , it 's mid-april and united are still in the title race ( unlikely , but they 're just a point behind arsenal so of course they 're still in it ) . sunday 's derby victory was utterly convincing . and it highlighted one of the biggest strengths of van gaal 's reign at united so far – the way he has worked with and improved individual players . all of a sudden ashley young looks brilliant – it was n't just sunday , he 's been arguably united 's best player this season . how many managers could have made young look convincing in a united shirt ? at the start of the season i was asking the question about chris smalling and phil jones – could they make the centre-half spots their own ? i think that question is still pertinent , but those two played very well against city and are starting to look the part in the old trafford back four . players once moaned about , such as fellaini and young , are now pivotal parts of the team under van gaal . van gaal’s belief in the value of repetition has worked and players like young and fellaini have benefited . michael carrick looks indispensible again , when even i was doubting if he would recover from the david moyes debacle . and who knew marouane fellaini could be so influential for manchester united ? even van gaal 's decision to give wayne rooney the captaincy looks inspired . he 's had a brilliant season and he 's led the united resurgence on the field superbly . impressive stuff , so all the critics need to calm down and pay a bit more respect to van gaal , he deserved a better reception from the english football public based on his career record alone . a little more than a year ago manchester united were humiliated at home by city . van gaal has single-handedly raised the sinking ship back to the surface , steadied it , and got it sailing full steam ahead . he just needs to add a bit of polish next season . angel di maria ( third right ) and radamel falcao ( right ) were left out of the starting xi by van gaal on sunday . van gaal shakes hands with his opposite number manuel pellegrini after the final whistle at old trafford .