an unknown illustrator who films her every move and interacts with strangers for hours at a time has become one of the internet 's biggest celebrities - and she 's only been online for 29 days . amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform and has been ' loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . branded the kim kardashian of the social platform , when the brunette starts a live stream , thousands of periscope users around the globe stop what they 're doing to watch . scroll down for video . amanda orleander , broadcasting live from her bedroom , is the emerging star of periscope . in a recent broadcast , amanda addressed her audience via her iphone from her la bedroom : ' do you know the power that we have ? do you guys understand what is happening . ' this is crazy ! ' amanda continued during her bedroom broadcast , and before she has even taken a breath , hundreds of hearts flutter on to her screen - more tokens of ' love ' from the thousands of people watching . last month , the art graduate was going about her anonymous life as an illustrator for entertainment site e ! online but her periscope broadcasts , which show her going about her daily business in la , have catapulted her into the limelight . and so far she has had little competition from ' real ' celebrities . ellen degeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind amanda with a mere three million ' loves ' . ' this is like a reality show , but it’s not scripted , ' amanda tells her thousands of viewers continuing her bedroom broadcast . ' before this happened i always thought i 'd love to share my life with more people because i’m always up to really spontaneous things . ' amanda mulls over the day during a live broadcast , whilst she chats to the viewers messaging her ( which appear on left of screen ) . so far she has been ' loved ' 7.5million times , shown by hearts on the right . the new app not only allows users to stream live video to anyone on earth who wants to watch , but allows viewers to chat to the broadcaster in real time by typing messages that pop up on screen . so amanda 's monologue is peppered with shout-outs and answers to questions from her viewers . ' hey charles , ' she says acknowledging a new follower . ' i was going to sleep when i thought about this last broadcast . arlene you’re funny ! ' she continues in reference to a message , then 'you’re so beautiful ' pops up from @ arlene . ' i don’t know how many of you saw me tonight , ' she says . ' we randomly talked to my neighbour , then i went to see my friend yonatan . then i met with a periscope follower for the first time . ' a little yellow square with the message ' show us your boobs ' flashes up on screen . ' why would you do that ? ' she adds . ' now you 're blocked forever . ' a live webcam platform , may seem to have porn written all over but users wo n't be flashing anything x-rated during broadcasts - nudity is banned . although bought by twitter in january for close to $ 100million ( £67million ) , periscope is a tech mash-up of selfies , social networking and reality tv , only launched last month , twitching curtains to peek at the neighbours may still be a ' no ' but watching amanda randomly go about her day ? that 's ' way cool ' , to quote the star herself . and like all the best social networking platforms , the content need not be thrilling to grab considerable global attention . in the last 24 hours , amanda has broadcast some mundane errands , some sitting in traffic in her prius ( phone in recording mode balanced on her dash board , of course ) and a random chat with her neighbour . periscope allows people to live-stream video from their phones to their twitter followers with the click of a button . the periscope team outlined a range of possibilities for the service , including how it can turn any smartphone user into a global reporter . in the last 24 hours , amanda has broadcast herself going on mundane errands , sitting in traffic in her prius ( phone in recording mode balanced on her dash board , of course ) and a random chat with her neighbour . five hours before her bedtime round-up , amanda was broadcasting live from an la bar , watching her friend yonatan perform the bass guitar . ' i 'm drinking water . i do n't like to drink alcohol , ' amanda tells viewers in answer to their questions , before introducing some followers she 's come across at the bar . ' hey we 're double persicoping , ' she says capturing her new friends waving their phones in the air capturing her capturing them . but it 's all too much - even for amanda . 'we’re going to get off the phone soon so we can enjoy each others ' real company , ' she says . what will today hold for amanda when she wakes up in a few hours time ? judging by today , perhaps a trip to the post office , a bit of sitting in traffic and a lot of mulling over the wonders of her new found mutual love for periscope . sound thrilling ? do n't be shy to admit it . millions agree . amanda broadcasting live from an la bar . ' i 'm drinking water . i do n't like to drink alcohol , ' she tells viewers in answer to questions about what she 's drinking . despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of periscope , twitter 's iphone app , which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled . justin esgar , app developer of the app goodnight , told femail that because periscope ' allows users to share even more of their intimate lives with each other than ever before ' , there are ' apparent dangers ' that users have to consider before accessing it . special features : the app , which is owned by twitter , allows users to follow certain people ( l ) and scroll through a ' watch ' feed of live videos ( r ) . emma barker , sex and relationships editor at cosmopolitan.com , noted that the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity afforded to them by the app 's settings in order to sexually harass women - including one of her female friends . she explained that her friend recently tried out the app by sharing a conversation she was having with her female roommate . they were fully clothed , sitting on a couch and casually conversing , yet ' within the first 20 seconds the first comment popped up’ , asking for the women to ‘ show butt’ . while neither of them were speaking in an even remotely sexual manor , the lewd comments continued to pour in and included phrases such as : ' show boobs ' , ' age ? ' and ' i would soooo swipe right on both [ sic ] ! ' streaming revolution : periscope , an iphone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet , launched last thursday . one particularly creepy user asked : ' do you get out of the shower to pee ? ' according to periscope 's community guidelines , the app prohibits ' pornographic or overtly sexual content ' as well as ' explicitly graphic content or media that is intended to incite violent , illegal or dangerous activities ' . and while a spokesperson for the app told emma that periscope has a team dedicated to content review , there does n't appear to be anything specific being done to prevent sexual commentary and online harassment . the app 's policies are , unsurprisingly , similar to twitter , which is currently testing out a ' quality filter ' that monitors and removes threats and offensive language out of users notifications feeds . it 's not clear as to whether or not periscope will be given a similar screening system . 