diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . the controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems , although research has shown it to be safe . pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. in response to customer feedback . diet pepsi , caffeine-free diet pepsi and wild cherry diet pepsi will now contain sucralose , another artificial sweetener commonly known as splenda . the decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales . consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame . the ingredient , used in fizzy drinks and diet products , has been at the centre of critical reports dating back decades linking it to everything from cancer to premature birth . this is despite the food and drug administration stating that more than 100 studies support aspartame 's safety . however these assurances have failed to convince some people , who continue to report adverse reactions , such as headaches and nausea after consuming foods containing the sweetener . the sweetener , which is about 200 times sweeter than sugar , is widely used to sweeten diet sodas . it is also used by rival coca-cola co in its drinks such as diet coke , coke zero and schweppes diet lemonade . in a statement today , pepsico said : ' diet cola drinkers in the u.s. told us they wanted aspartame-free diet pepsi and we 're delivering . ' the reformulated drinks will begin appearing on shelves in august . sales in pepsico 's beverage business have been hurt by a long-term decline in soft drink sales in the united states . and coca-cola said this week that sales volume for diet coke fell 5 percent in north america in the first three months of the year . executives at coke and pepsi blame the declines on perceptions that aspartame , first sold under the brand name nutrasweet , is not safe . consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame . despite aspartame 's poor reputation , it has been ruled a safe food ingredient by food watchdogs in britain , the eu , the usa and around the world . last month , a study commissioned by britain’s food watchdog found eating the sweetener had no impact on the body or behaviour of people who claimed to be sensitive to it . aspartame has established itself as an important component in many low-calorie , sugar-free foods and beverages and is primarily responsible for the growth over the last two decades in the sugar-free market . it is currently consumed by over 200 million people around the world and is found in more than 6,000 products . these include carbonated soft drinks , powdered soft drinks , chewing gum , dessert mixes , puddings and fillings , frozen desserts , yogurt , tabletop sweeteners , and some pharmaceuticals such as vitamins and sugar-free cough drops . aspartame is a nutritive sweetener made by joining two amino acids ( protein components ) -- l-phenylalanine and l-aspartic acid , with a third component called a methyl ester group . very little is needed for a sweet taste , making aspartame virtually non-caloric . 180 to 200 times sweeter than sucrose . source : http : //www.aspartame.org/ . the research had been evaluated by independent experts , peer reviewed and published in the journal plos one . in december 2013 , the european food safety authority ( efsa ) published an opinion on aspartame following a full risk assessment and concluded it was ‘ safe for human consumption at current levels of exposure ' . this was supported by britain’s committee on toxicity which said the sweetener was safe and there was no need for action , such as taking it off the shelves , to protect public health . but erik millstone , professor of science policy at the university of sussex , insists there is good quality independent research which raises safety concerns . an eu funded project published in 2010 found pregnant women who down cans of fizzy drink containing artificial sweeteners appear to be at greater risk of having a premature baby . it is rare for a mother to be to give birth early - before 37 weeks - assuming all aspects of the pregnancy have been normal . the research found this low risk was increased by 38 per cent if the woman was drinking an average of one can of diet drink a day . the statistics , gathered by academics in denmark , showed that a woman who routinely drank at least four cans a day could increase the risk by as much as 78 per cent . this meant that if the risk of a premature birth was normally one in a 100 , it increased to 1.78 in 100 . the professor also highlighted work by the independent ramazzini foundation in italy . scientist there have published research suggesting aspartame caused several types of cancer in rats at doses very close to the current acceptable daily intake for humans . despite having virtually , if any calories , but low-calorie artificial sweeteners actually raise the risk of obesity , researchers fear . the popular sugar alternatives found in diet drinks and in sachets in cafes and restaurants may also increase the odds of diabetes . the sweeteners under the microscope are saccharin , which is found in sweet’n low , sucralose , which is found in splenda , and aspartame , which is found in many diet drinks . the israeli researchers warned that ‘today’s massive , unsupervised consumption’ of artificial sweeteners needs to be reassessed .  