jack nicklaus believes it is time for the ' young guys to take over ' after jordan spieth 's record-breaking masters victory on sunday . nicklaus was hugely impressed by spieth 's four-shot win over justin rose and phil mickelson , which saw him set 36 and 54-hole scoring records , equal the 72-hole record set by tiger woods in 1997 and also become the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta . the 21-year-old , who was second last year , moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind rory mcilroy as a result and that means the world 's top two players have a combined age of 46 . in comparison , mickelson is 44 and tiger woods 39 . jordan spieth ( left ) sent a number of augusta records tumbling on his way to winning the masters . the 21-year-old spieth equalled tiger woods ' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par . jack nicklaus ( right ) lauded spieth , and heralded a new golfing era led by him and rory mcilroy . mcilroy and spieth have a combined age of 46 , where as phil mickelson ( left ) is 44 and tiger woods 39 . ' that was an incredible performance , ' six-time masters champion nicklaus said in a statement . ' it was so apparent that he learned down the stretch last year , but you have to remember he was only 20 at the time . ' now he 's a grizzled veteran at 21 years old - just 21 . jordan is so beyond his years . i like everything about the young man . he 's polite . he 's humble . he handles himself so well , on and off the golf course . and he 's obviously a wonderful player and now a masters champion . i think jordan spieth is a great person - just as i think rory mcilroy is - to carry the mantle for the game of golf . ' i am someone who likes the new generations . i always have . i think it energises the game of golf . we had arnold 's ( palmer ) generation , then it came to my generation , then tom watson came along and right on down the line to tiger and rory . ' and now we have jordan spieth . there are some older players who have been terrific for a long time , but actually this might be time for the young guys to take over . ' spieth 's mentor and fellow texan ben crenshaw also paid tribute to the new champion after watching the final round from his home in austin . ' i do n't know what it is , but he just has this maturity , ' crenshaw , who missed the cut in his 44th and final consecutive masters appearance last week , told the pga tour website . ' he 's got an awareness of where 's he going . he 's got a plan . nicklaus believes that the duo of spieth ( left ) and mcilroy ' energise ' the game of golf . mcilroy came fourth in the masters , falling short in an attempt to seal a career grand slam before he turns 26 . ben crenshaw , spieth 's mentor , praised the maturity he displayed to become the new masters champion . greg norman took to twitter to praise spieth and also revealed his excitement for the future of golf . ' when i look at him , i look into a future . he 's a player with so much imagination . i can not wait to watch him play the open at st. andrews . it 's a place where you have to have so much imagination . it 's going to be fun . ' former world number one greg norman wrote on twitter : ' golf is in great hands @ mcilroyrory and @ themasters champ @ jordanspieth plus a cast of other phenomenal players . great to see . ' 