the new zealand family of fourteen who last month walked out of a remote christian commune that shuns the outside world are adjusting well to life in the wider community , a relative said , with the father accepting a farm job and the family moving into a home with modern appliances . james and hope ben canaan last month declared they were living in a ' false system ' and left the gloriavale christian community , located at lake haupiri on new zealand 's west coast , with their twelve children and few worldly possessions . founded by the australian-born evangelical preacher neville cooper - now known by the name hopeful christian - gloriavale is home to around 500 residents , sometimes known as cooperites , who wear a plain , blue uniform and reject birth control . scroll down for video . free : the ben canaan family ( picture supplied ) have left behind gloriavale for the outside world . many family are pictured here in traditional gloriavale uniforms , although they are now allowed to wear ' modest ' clothing . gloriavale is a christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the new testament and reject the outside world . the ben canaans fled some 300km south to the town of timaru , where supporters from the marchwiel reformed baptist church community have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthdays are celebrated and money is used to purchase goods and services . ' ( they 're doing ) really , really good , ' said mr ben canaan 's aunt , miracle , who herself fled the picturesque commune with her husband and ten children around six years ago . ' they are adapting very well . they 've got a job and everything . they 've had a lot of support . ' the family left gloriavale , which is located at lake haupiri on the west coast of the south island , for timaru , around 320km away . gloriavale residents do not hold celebrations for birthday parties or christmas . miracle , the daughter of neville cooper ( pictured speaking in a previous interview with new zealand television ) said the ben canaan family are adapting very well . the ben canaans ' close supporters have closed ranks around the family , who last month thanked the community for their support and requested privacy in order to ' settle into our new lives ' in timaru . sources familiar with gloriavale , such as miracle - one of neville cooper 's ten children - discussed the challenges of adjusting to life outside the commune in general terms to daily mail australia . ' there 's just a complete struggle in the outside world , ' she said , adding that she had ' nothing ' when she left but ' managed to get away ' from the community ' without too much drama ' . ' it 's totally different to what you 've lived before . ' you know nothing of just normal , everyday stuff - like renting a home , insurance , any of those types of things . ' often people do n't have their birth certificates or bank accounts . they do n't even know how to spend money , how to buy things . ' there 's birthday parties , christmas - none of that was practised in the community ... it 's huge , adapting ( to all of that ) . ' the ben canaans will now be able to readily access personal technology , like mobile phones and have a television which they can watch without restrictions . neville cooper - now known by the name hopeful christian - is the australian evangelist who founded the gloriavale commune after clashing with church leaders in new zealand and australia . in 1995 , he spent almost a year in prison on sex abuse charges . former gloriavale residents tend to find it difficult to adapt from the outside world , a former resident told daily mail australia . ' it 's totally different to what you 've lived before ' . the ben canaans no longer have to wear their gloriavale ' uniform ' . instead , miracle said they will now wear ' modest clothes ' . the women in the family will also have to adjust to a world where make-up is worn regularly . author fleur beale , who wrote the book sins of the father about the 1989 escape of neville cooper 's son , phil , and his family from the commune , said the biggest challenge the ben canaans would have would be financial , particularly given their 12 children . ' you can imagine what it 's like trying to find a place to live with a family like that , ' ms beale told daily mail australia . gloriavale residents are often dubbed ' cooperites ' . pictured is a gloriavale wedding . the happy couple kiss as they are led from their wedding ceremony . ' you have n't been used to handling money or buying in a shop . and what do you wear ? ' the details of the ben canaans ' departure from gloriavale remain unclear . miracle said the community was not surrounded with large walls , but : ' there are different types of walls ... ' psychological walls as well as physical barriers , but no access to telephones and long driveways to be able to leave . ' a spokesman for the commune , fervant steadfast , told the new zealand herald last month the family had been permitted to depart . ' if they want to go and live in timaru , well , that 's their choice and that 's what they need to do . ' no one is here against their will . we only want people who want to be here . ' nestled on the banks of the picturesque lake haipuri on new zealand 's rugged west coast , gloriavale is a christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the new testament . the community , which isolates itself from the outside world , was founded by neville cooper , a australian evangelist . cooper moved across the tasman in 1969 with his wife , gloria , and their ten children to found a christian community . as its membership swelled , in 1991 they purchased land by the scenic lake to live off . mr cooper - a controversial figure who spent almost a year in prison on sex abuse charges in 1995 - would later change his name to ' hopeful christian ' . fleur beale , the author of the gloriavale book sins of the father , said the most striking thing about gloriavale was the ' control those in power ' - a group of elders - ' had over the ordinary people . ' ' the women , particularly - it would be miserable to be a woman in gloriavale , ' ms beale told daily mail australia . birth control is non-existent . ' god wants you to get married and have as many children as you can . that 's why they have big families . ' residents are required to wear a uniform . women generally frock up in long , blue dresses - ' every single day ' , a former resident named miracle told daily mail australia . meanwhile , men wear neckties , dark blue pants and a light blue sleeved shirt . and while the personal use of technologies such as television and mobile phones is rare among ' ordinary people ' , ms beale said the community was ' very innovative ' , with extensive commercial operations . residents do not take any wages , but work hard for the community 's dairy and deer farms . the community consists of more than 80 families , according to gloriavale 's official website , and they live together in large , communal hostels . 