amanda holden today revealed that her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake – but said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness . the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 4,000 people . she said : ' it 's awful , i can barely speak . i 'm still quite numb . it 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal . ' in a fortunate twist , she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover . numb : amanda holden has told how her sister is trapped on mount everest after the devastating earthquake . ' awful situation ' : the tv presenter said her sister , debbie ( pictured , left , in 2005 and , right , in 1998 ) had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday . amateur video footage shows how a group of climbers ran for their lives as the nepal earthquake hit at everest base camp yesterday . holden , who was interviewing search and rescue experts on itv 's this morning , said : ' very luckily she is at a place that is the last camp before you get to base camp one on the south side . ' there was only four of them left at that camp . because my sister was suffering so badly from altitude sickness she did n't walk up to base camp – which potentially might have saved her life . ' she said her sister , a scuba-diving instructor , had been able to send a text message to her family from a friend 's phone to say she was safe . she said : ' i think they rushed out when the earthquake came and rushed back in because they were affected by an avalanche partly at the camp they were in ... and i think they were going to make their way down this morning . ' holden said there was a possibility that her sister had been airlifted from the mountain this morning or could even have walked back down . speaking later on sky news , she said debbie had sent an e-mail saying that she had made it safely to another camp further down the mountain . appearing close to tears , she said : ' we are extremely lucky . i 'm dying to hear her voice . ' holden ( pictured , above , on this morning with phillip schofield ) said her sister debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover . holden and her husband chris hughes were pictured in manchester after having lunch together on saturday . medics and experts from the uk are in the country already and the uk international search and rescue team also dispatched crews destined for kathmandu . the foreign office said it had not received reports of any britons being killed or injured but embassy staff had assisted 200 people . a total of 90 british and irish-born people are among the missing , according to a website set up for the families by the international committee of the red cross . in a message to nepalese president ram baran yadav , the queen said today that she was ' shocked to hear of the appalling loss of life and injuries ' caused by the earthquake , adding that her ' thoughts and prayers are with the victims ' . it came after terrified british newlyweds last night described how they cheated death as an avalanche triggered by the nepal earthquake hit their everest camp . sam and alexandra chappatte found themselves having to cling to ice axes to avoid being swept away by deadly ice and snow . as the quake reduced many of the country 's most famous landmarks to rubble , honeymooners sam and alexandra chappatte found themselves having to cling to ice axes to avoid being swept away by deadly ice and snow . the couple have now been caught up in everest 's two most deadly disasters , after their first attempt at climbing the world 's highest peak was ended last year when an avalanche hit the khumbu icefall , killing 16 guides . they were forced to abandon their ascent but remortgaged their flat in notting hill , west london , to fund a second attempt . the pair , who married earlier this month , described on their internet blog the terrifying moment the quake hit during their second bid to make it to the summit . they had left base camp and climbed across the khumbu icefall to make it to camp 1 at 19,800ft ( 6,035m ) when powerful tremors shook the ground . the couple , both 28 , wrote : ' the earthquake hit about 30 minutes after we had crossed the icefall and found our tents . ' the ground started shaking violently but before we could react dan [ mazur , their climbing group leader ] was shouting , ' get out of your f****** tents , grab your ice axes ! ' ' we staggered out to see an avalanche coming straight at us . a blast of wind knocked us down but we were able to get up and run to shelter behind some tents and anchor ourselves with our axes . ' we focused on keeping an air hole so we could breathe in the powder . ' the couple are part of a 11-strong group of climbers led by dan mazur , from bristol , who tweeted ' please pray for everyone ' in the immediate aftermath of saturday 's quake in nepal . some 30 climbers are now stranded at camp one as debris from the avalanche has blocked the khumbu icefall below them . disaster : homes have been reduced to piles of rubble in bhaktapur near the capital of kathmandu . the camp was also hit by a powerful aftershock yesterday , triggering three more avalanches . meanwhile chaos broke out in kathmandu as passengers attempted to fight their way into the international airport in a bid to leave the country . the city was one of the worst affected areas and centuries of history were destroyed in minutes as the quake saw many of the country 's most famous landmarks destroyed . the dharahara tower was brought down and historic temples in durbar square collapsed . yesterday 24-year-old briton tara bradshaw from brighton – who was feared missing – managed to get in contact her family to let them know that she was safe . in touch : tara bradshaw from brighton , east sussex , managed to get in touch with her family and tell them she was safe . collapse : the historic , 200ft dharahara tower in central kathmandu before and after the earthquake . debris : a buddha statue survived the carnage after a temple collapsed in the city . and the chappattes also were able to let their loved ones know they were ' okay ' . but one of their worried relatives appealed for helicopter rescue for the group of around 100 climbers and sherpas trapped between two camps on everest , where up to 18 people are thought to have perished on saturday . sarah chappatte wrote on the couple 's blog : ' all reports confirm that the icefall is now impassable so there is no way to climb down . more aftershocks are being reported as i write . ' they have enough food and enough supplies for a few days and some of the climbers are beginning to suffer from altitude sickness . now we need to get them out . '