paris saint-germain forward edinson cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with team-mate zlatan ibrahimovic insisting the only issue he has is being played out of position . reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship and earlier in the season coach laurent blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch . former napoli forward cavani admits that he and ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the sweden international . edinson cavani argues with the referee during psg 's 3-2 win against marseilles at new stade velodrome . psg forward cavani challenges with marseilles midfielder mario lemina during sunday 's clash . cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with zlatan ibrahimovic amid reports the pair do not get on . ' i do not know where this rumour of a bad relationship with ibrahimovic comes from , ' cavani told canal plus . ' we are footballers who play for the same club and we respect one another . one can not be friends with everyone . ' but cavani has reiterated his frustration at being shoehorned into a front three and not playing in his favoured position alongside ibrahimovic . ' the only concern that i have ever spoken about is that i was recruited to play as a striker with ibrahimovic and it has not always been the case . ibrahimovic celebrates psg 's third goal against marseille in the 3-2 victory on sunday . cavani ( left ) , picture talking to laurent blanc and marco verratti , takes issue with being played out of position . ' there is a long series of games where i have not scored in ligue 1 but that can happen . in france , people judge me as a lone striker , but i do not play in that position . ' but aside from that , everything else is perfect here . ' cavani has been linked with a summer exit and , despite revealing his intentions to honour his contract that runs for another three seasons , he refused to rule out a possible move . ' currently , i am just thinking about finishing the season in paris and also respecting my contract , ' he added . ' my attention is only focused on training with the club that pays me . but anything can happen in football . '