they are supposed to be the dream team who can solve the conundrum of how to win the election . but david cameron and boris johnson were left scratching their heads today as they struggled with a children 's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons . as the london mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands , the prime minister tried out what could be a new election slogan , telling him : ' if in doubt , wedge it in . ' after being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors , the pair had more fun finger painting with tory blue paint . david cameron and boris johnson were left stumped by the puzzle at advantage children 's day nursery in surbiton , as three-year-old stephanie looked on . when they tried to put the puzzle back together , they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected . the conservative duo made their first appearance together on the campaign trail with a visit to advantage day nursery in surbiton , south west london . they were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged three and four . they sat at a table with joshua and stephanie , both aged three , and four-year-olds hamish and leo where they broke up a puzzle which depicted the four seasons . when they tried to put it back together , they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected . after taking nine minutes to complete the puzzle , the tory duo were relieved to try their hand at hand painting , which they found much easier . the pair were at the nursery in surbiton to promote a tory pledge to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week . arriving at the nursery , mr cameron appeared to be giving mr johnson a ticking off before the visit had even started . like a bad workman blaming his tools , mr johnson soon started to question whether there was a fundamental design fault . ' january is in winter , ' he complained . ' there 's something wrong with the puzzle . ' the clock ticked on and tory aides grew nervous , as mr cameron insisted : we 've got all day . ' mr johnson , fearing defeat , was adamant : ' we ca n't be beaten by the puzzle . ' with the media crowding into classroom , hamish asked mr cameron why there were so many journalists . ' if we finish the puzzle it will make them go away , ' the pm said . but the children had spotted more errors . ' i 've found another problem , ' said leo . mr johnson , already known as a political heavyweight , then tried brute force to get the pieces to fit by hammering them with his fist . he had the backing of the pm who declared : ' if in doubt , wedge it in . ' samantha cameron got into less mess with blue paint during a visit to the growing zone allotment project in kippax , west yorkshire . fearing it might be taking too long , and perhaps that the puzzle might get broken , a teacher then stepped in to point out yet more problems . ' this one is not right , ' she said . ' this one goes there . ' as the last piece went in to cheers - nearly nine minutes after they began - mr cameron initiated a group hug . ' thank god for that . that was stressful , ' he said . ' i do have to have a hug after that . ' mr johnson joked : ' that was a bit like the ( election ) campaign ... suddenly , the final surge . ' ' it all comes together in the end , ' said mr cameron , before stopping one of the children taking the puzzle to pieces . ' do n't break it up again - i ca n't take the stress . ' afterwards the two men joined another group of children for a hand painting session - appropriately using blue paint .