these rusting ' ghost ' ships are the last remnants of what was once the united states ' national defense reserve fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need . the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states . but as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored . scroll down for video . ghost ships : a number of the remaining ships in the united states ' national defense reserve fleet lay moored in james river , virginia . helping hand : the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies . diminished : at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year . the ships , jokily known as the ' mothball fleet ' , is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart , creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets . at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites : james river , virginia ; beaumont , texas ; suisun bay , california ; stony point , new york ; wilmington , north carolina ; mobile , alabama ; astoria , oregon ; and olympia , washington . out of these eight , only james river , beaumont and suisun bay exist today . long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . the worst affected is the suisun bay reserve fleet , where less than 50 ships remain . at its peak , in 1952 , the bay had 340 ships anchored . today , less than 50 ships remain , slowly polluting the bay , which is a critical environmental area for fish and wildlife . the federal maritime administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at suisun bay , with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . reduced : out of the original eight anchorage sites , only three ; james river , virginia ; beaumont , texas and suisun bay , california remain . pollution : the worst affected mooring side is suisun bay in california where less than 50 ships remain , slowly releasing toxins into the bay . going , gone : at its peak , in 1952 , the suisun bay , california site had 340 ships anchored - today , less than 50 ships remain . the federal maritime administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at suisun bay , with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . the ndrf was established to serve as a reserve of mainly merchant vessels to be activated for national defense and national emergency purposes . the vessels can be activated within 20 days to four months , in order to provide shipping during national emergencies , either military or non-military , such as commercial shipping crises . throughout its first thirty years , the national defense reserve fleet vessels were activated to help transporting coal and grains in times of shortage , and ships were brought in during the korean war , the 1961 berlin crisis and the vietnam war . after the fall of saigon in 1975 , the national defense reserve fleet was augmented by the ready reserve fleet ( rff ) to provide for military emergencies . since then , ships have been activated to support u.s. troops and transport cargo in the gulf war in 1990 and aided in several humanitarian disasters in the new millennium . in 2005 , four national defense reserve fleet ships were used for relief operations in the aftermath of hurricanes katrina and rita , and five years later , six were used in the wake of the devastating earthquake in haiti . its most recent operation took place in the wake of hurricane sandy in 2012 , when two national defense reserve fleet training vessels were called in . as of april 30 , 2014 , only 122 vessels are left in the ndrf , and their numbers are reducing still . zombie ship : one of the ships moored in suisun bay , california is covered in rust , slowly eating up the once-gray paint . no life : long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . the ships , jokily known as the ' mothball fleet ' is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart , creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets .