it was , as so often this season , the story of two chelsea rising stars in the form of their young lives . they have rampaged through opposition defences both at home and abroad all season . they have already been crowned kings of europe in the uefa youth league . and here , with yet another devastating performance , they put chelsea within touching distance of retaining the fa youth cup , in the process further augmenting their remarkable goalscoring tallies and enhancing their growing reputations . tammy abraham wheels away in celebration as he notches for chelsea away at manchester city in the fa youth cup final first leg . chelsea striker abraham opens the scoring against manchester with an impressive right-footed shot into the far corner . isaac buckley-ricketts is mobbed by his manchester city team-mates following his equaliser against chelsea in the youth cup . abraham is congratulated by his chelsea team-mates as his acrobatic effort regained their advantage against manchester city . abraham is congratulated by his chelsea team-mates having given the west london side the lead against manchester city . after manchester city were put to the sword in this first leg on monday night , the pair’s records for the season stand like this : tammy abraham - 36 goals ; dominic solanke - 35 goals . that’s one hell of a return . both are in that special moment of form where it is nigh on impossible to miss and that was the case here as the dark blues from london established a healthy advantage to take into the second leg at stamford bridge in seven days’ time . when solanke had raced through to make it 3-1 just before the end , you sensed it was a fatal blow . of course there is a chance city may fight back - nothing is out of the question in youth football - but there was something about chelsea’s dominance here that suggests it is unlikely . this was the most high-profile meeting yet of england’s two most ambitious and well-resourced academies and , for the moment , it is definitely chelsea who are on top . another tickertape parade surely awaits for this group of players next week . ‘ obviously it’s a daunting place to come , ’ said chelsea coach joe edwards . ‘ but we wanted to make sure we did what we do best , dominate possession , get right up against them and press hard . the way the lads implemented what we spoke about before the game was outstanding . ’ indeed it was and the unfailing right boot of abraham provided a moment to savour after just seven minutes . even the technically fiendish chances are flying in for the unstoppable england under 18 forward at the moment and that was proven when he controlled charlie colkett’s laser-guided cross-field pass and sent the ball arrowing beyond goalkeeper christian haug into the top corner . within minutes , abraham was trending on twitter , clips of his immaculate hit racking up the retweets the world over . by half-time , his name was attracting more interest in the uk than any other subject . by then he had a second , restoring chelsea’s lead on 20 minutes after isaac buckley had briefly restored parity for the hosts . goal no 36 of the campaign wasn’t quite as memorable as no 35 but it was athletic , abraham hooking the ball home from six yards out after izzy brown’s header from a colkett corner had been saved by the foot of haug and then headed back into his vicinity . from then , aside from a five-minute flurry late on when city had genuine chances to equalise , chelsea were in complete command . they enjoyed the lion’s share of possession and looked comfortable in their game plan , in each other and in themselves . chelsea youngster dominic solanke scores the west london side 's third goal of the game with just minutes to play . manchester city goalkeeper christian kjetil haug comes under pressure from chelsea as both sides look to win the aerial ball . solanke’s late third was a hammer blow after the city pressure , a typically calm finish after charly musonda slipped him through . it had actually been a quiet night for solanke but this goal preserves his remarkable record of scoring in every round of this season’s youth cup . incidentally , he also scored in every round of their youth league triumph too for good measure . city , who were watched by manuel pellegrini , vincent kompany , aleksander kolarov and a near-full house at their handsome academy stadium , had levelled within two minutes of abraham’s opener . chelsea were guilty of a lapse in defensive concentration very unlike them and city swept through to punish . under-fire manchester city manager manuel pellegrini ( centre ) enjoys a night in the sun as he watches the club 's future stars in action . goalscorer abraham shows he 's not scared of a tackle as he comes up against manchester city 's manuel garcia in the fa youth cup final . injured manchester city defender vincent kompany watches on as the club 's youngest stars take on chelsea in manchester . manchester city : haug ; maffeo , humphreys-grant , adarabioyo ( c ) , angelino ; bryan , nemane celina , garcia ( dilrosun 85 ) , buckley , barker . substitutes not used : albinson ( gk ) ; tattum , diallo , fernandes . scorer : buckley 9 . chelsea : collins ; aina , tomori , clarke-salter , dasilva , sammut , brown ( boga 90+1 ) , colkett ( c ) , abraham ( palmer 67 ) , musonda ( scott 89 ) , solanke . substitutes not used : thompson ( gk ) ; palmer , grant . scorers : abraham 7 , 20 ; solanke 89 . referee : robert madley ( west yorkshire ) . attendance : 6,421 . brandon barker spent much of the first-half struggling in his battle with ola aina on the city left but on this occasion , he dived in-field and made a purposeful run in the direction of the chelsea box . looking up , he saw buckley darting through and supplied a slide-rule pass that the forward slickly rolled past bradley collins into the far corner . but they did n't kick on and seize control . abraham’s exertions eventually took their toll and he went off in some discomfort midway through the second-half . it proved the catalyst for a city revival and the chances missed in this bright spell would prove costly . first , aaron nemane nutmegged jake clarke-salter and brushed off ruben sammut but blazed wastefully wide . and there was soon an even-better chance for kean bryan , who stole the ball from colkett , but fired over from a great position . they ramped it up further with barker running clear down the left and forcing collins to block with his feet . a minute or two later , solanke scored . edwards was proud of the performance but still exercised a note of caution : ‘ we got the goal on the break , dominic was very clinical and i think that 3-1 scoreline doesn’t overly flatter us because their spell was just a spell in amongst a game we dominated . ‘ we don’t need to be reminded that you need to be switched on and professional next week . ’ his city counterpart jason wilcox was bullish about the chances of a comeback : ‘it’s definitely not game over , we’ll go down to stamford bridge and anything can happen down there . if we get a goal , we’ll see what character they’ve got . at 3-1 we’re still in the tie . ' but for that to happen , they’ll have to neutralise chelsea’s relentless , remorseless forward duo . chelsea youngster jake clarke salter battles alongside manuel garcia during the fa youth cup final first leg in manchester . manchester city coaching duo patrick vieira and brian kidd watch on as manchester city 's young stars take on chelsea in manchester . chelsea striker isaiah brown does his best to brush away the attentions of manchester city 's pablo matteo in the first half .