west ham manager sam allardyce is not bothered by how manchester city will react to their slump , only that his own players produce the goods at the etihad stadium on sunday . a terrible run of form has seen city slip down into fourth place , their 4-2 loss to rivals manchester united leaving manuel pellegrini 's side well adrift of leaders chelsea and now in a battle to stay ahead of liverpool in the race for champions league qualification . however , west ham are also in need of some consistency , with a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to stoke denying them what would have been only a third league win of 2015 . west ham manager sam allardyce will hope for a strong end to the season , but it has threatened to tail off . allardyce reacts on the touchline during the hammers ' match with stoke city at upton park last weekend . ' i am more concerned about getting the best out of my team , ' said allardyce , whose side are now in 10th place , having once looked set for a european qualification challenge themselves . ' maybe city are a wounded animal and they might come out all guns blazing or they might be tentative . we wo n't know until the match starts . ' we are expecting them to put in a determined performance in front of their own fans . ' allardyce added : ' the motivation for our players should be that they have let themselves down by not achieving the results that they should have done from the positions we have been in . ' we want to get the feel-good factor back by winning a few games and getting the confidence back up . ' allardyce believes the irons can yet go on to secure their best finish since winning promotion back to the top flight . ' at the moment we want to reach the 50-point mark or higher , that will make sure we finish higher than we have done in the three years we have been back , ' he said . enner valencia ( left ) is expected to return at the etihad stadium , but a thigh strain has ruled out diafra sakho . west ham will be without senegal forward diafra sakho because of a thigh strain , but enner valencia has recovered from a foot problem and so will lead the front line alongside veteran striker carlton cole . allardyce said : ' those two guys have to perform to the very best and find the goals we need to try to win the game . ' playing at our top level is our aim on sunday . whether that gets us the result or not we will have to wait and see based on the quality of the opposition we are against , because when you play manchester city all of your players have to be on top form in all areas . ' if our lads have their shooting boots on , which we need , then you never know . ' 