ex pop star dane bowers has been charged with hitting his ex-fiancee miss wales sophie cahill and will appear in court next month charged with common assault . the former another level star , 35 , is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model ms cahill in front of her young son , causing a bloody nose . bowers , of no fixed address , was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february . former another level star dane bowers , 35 , ( pictured left ) is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee , 31-year-old glamour model sophie cahill ( right ) in front of her young son in february , causing a bloody nose . he answered his police bail last thursday and today scotland yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month . the singer and the former miss wales got engaged in december 2013 when he popped the question during a sunshine winter break in tenerife . ' i am the happiest man alive . ecstatic to say the beautiful sophie cahill made me the happiest man alive by saying yes..when i said the amazing words ... will you marry me ! ! ' he tweeted at the time , shortly after presenting her with a diamond ring . ms cahill , who is from cwmbran in gwent , also shared her delight at the time on the social networking site , posting : ' so it turns out that a dane bowers actually flew out to my childhood memory island to propose . i said yes ! ' bowers ( pictured far left ) with his boyband another level in 1999 at the capital fm awards . but ms cahill called off their engagement last december . she was said to have dumped the singer and moved in with his mother after discovering that he had been storing pictures of other glamour models ' on his mobile phone . bowers , who previously dated glamour model katie price when he was in boyband another level , toured last november with the big reunion boyband as one fifth of fifth story , alongside adam rickitt and kavanagh , before appearing in a pantomime as prince charming . mother-of-two ms cahill , who won miss wales back in 2000 , has had a successful modelling career including roles in n-dubz music videos , appearances on channel 4 's big breakfast and in the uk and us versions of playboy . she also co-starred alongside supermodel caprice in a british version of popular us film series american pie . a scotland yard spokeswoman said : ' dane bowers , 35 , a singer of no fixed abode , has been charged with common assault . ' he will appear before magistrates in may . ' ms cahill ( pictured second from left ) at the miss world photocall where she represented wales . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .