wylie brys ( pictured ) and his dad , dallas zookeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones . a five-year-old boy in dallas has had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of discovering 100million-year-old dinosaur bones while searching for fossils with his dad . wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september at a construction site near a mansfield , texas , grocery store when he made the ancient discovery . ' he walked up ahead of me and found a piece of bone , ' dallas zookeeper brys said . ' it was a pretty good size and i knew i had something interesting . ' the pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it , according to ksax . and now , scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil . tim brys and his son wylie worked at the excavation site tuesday to dig up what paleontology professor dale winkler believes could be a nodosaur , a pony-sized dinosaur that dwelled on land . though brys and wylie discovered the fossil last september , it took over seven months to obtain necessary permits to dig up the bones . scientists started digging last friday , according to the dallas morning news . at the time , the zookeeper , who often leisurely digs for fossils with his son , was not sure what wylie , then four years old , had found . wylie ( left ) and his dad tim brys ( right ) often go on fossil-searching trips as a way to be outside and spend time together . it 's believed that the bones wylie found belong to a nodosaur , a a pony-sized herbivore with scaly , plated skin . the two kept digging because they knew there was a chance of finding jurassic period marine life remnants in the area . what they found was the nodosaur - meaning ' knobby lizard ' in greek . the lizards were 15-foot-long , scaly-plated plant eaters that could weigh up to about 2,000 pounds according to the dallas zoo . ' my dad told me it was a turtle , ' wylie said tuesday at the site of his discovery . ' but now he 's telling me it 's a dinosaur . ' university experts said it is rare to find a dinosaur in the dallas area . wylie brys , 5 , background , watches as southern methodist university 's michael polcyn ( right ) supervises the removal of a dinosaur bones encased plaster from mansfield , texas on tuesday . university experts say it 's rare to find dinosaur remains in the dallas area . the fossils were wrapped in burlap and plaster to create a protective shell around the bones , like a cast around a human 's broken bones . they will be transported to southern methodist university for cleaning and assembly , which will likely take months , winkler said . he added that excavation will continue at the site for the next week or so before construction crews continue building in the area , but that it is unlikely for another dinosaur to be discovered at that site . brys is n't expertly trained in searching for fossils , but he learned a few tips from the scientists . he and wylie collect fossils as something they can ' do together outside , ' brys told kxas . and brys told the washington post that wylie is just like any other five-year-old . ' he 's a little kid , ' brys said . ' he likes playing in dirt as much as finding the fossils , i think . '