a man who murdered a mother and daughter in their own home by bludgeoning them with a hammer and repeatedly stabbing them with scissors will spend at least 32 years behind bars . lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the horrific december 2013 murder of maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman in broad daylight at their warwick home , in perth , wa . cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead . a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident , the west australian supreme court heard . maureen anne horstman ( left ) , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra horstman ( right ) were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in december 2013 . prosecutor james mactaggart said cameron 's behaviour was ' sadistic ' and he went on a ' killing spree ' . ' it 's violence for violence 's sake , ' he said . mr mactaggart said while it may have started out as a burglary , cameron was aroused and then ' sexually violated ' tamara . the court heard cameron first entered tamara 's bedroom where he hit her over the head twice before going into maureen 's bedroom and striking her once to the head . he then returned to tamara 's bedroom and raped her . lesley jonathon cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific crime . he described himself at the time as a ' walking time bomb ' . cameron 's lawyer dominic brunello said it was an unplanned and chaotic attack and cameron panicked . mr brunello said his client had a troubled childhood and was 'drug-addled ' at the time but was now sorry . ' he makes no excuses for his conduct , ' mr brunello said . the court heard cameron described himself at the time as a ' walking time bomb ' and that he told police he had taken ice and speed . justice eric heenan noted cameron had a criminal record that was ' virtually without interruption ' since he was 10 years old . in a victim impact statement , tamara 's twin brother nicholas horstman , who discovered the bodies , said his sister was a dedicated student , loyal friend and widely loved . maureen and tamara are seen here in a family photo with tamara 's twin brother nicholas . tamara 's father said he has suffered many sleepless nights and was ' internally wrecked ' . he and his father accepted tamara 's university graduation certificate the day after her funeral . tamara 's father said he suffered many sleepless nights and was ' internally wrecked ' . justice heenan said the women were going about their lives peacefully at home and the crime showed the vulnerability of the community . ' this is one of the worst types of murders one can imagine , ' he said . ' it is the kind of offence which every member of the population dreads because it shows the insecurity and vulnerability of everybody in the community to random crime , ' he added . justice heenan noted there was a possibility cameron would remain a threat if he did not address his mental health and substance abuse issues . he said just because cameron was young did not make him any less dangerous but there was a possibility of rehabilitation . outside court , nicholas horstman said he was very happy with the sentence . ' however , no sentence will ever be long enough , ' he said . ' to my family , close friends and the wider community , thank you for your support over the last 16 months . i 'm truly thankful . ' 