a new hard-hitting campaign is aiming to highlight the misery of homeless women who are unable to access proper sanitary care . the homeless period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle , and is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter . a campaign video tells the story of a woman called patricia , who slept rough on the streets of brixton for six months and was forced to use makeshift sanitary products while menstruating . scroll down for video . the homeless period campaign shines a spotlight on the plight of women living on the streets who do n't have access to proper sanitary care during their periods . the team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them on the streets of london . using marker pens on cardboard boxes , the video writes the words of patricia as she speaks them ; focusing on how depressing she found it to not be able to access hygienic menstruation products . patricia , who used to sleep on the 137 bus in brixton hill , says that when her period came , she would use ' ripped up cloth ' as a sanitary towel . she has since been housed in a flat by south london homeless charity spires . among the cardboard placards held up are the words : ' why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding ? ' another is written with the words : ' i used to feel very depressed . it used to get me down . ' the project was started by oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , who met while working as interns at an advertising agency . the trio told femail that they began the campaign as a way of drawing attention to the amount of women who live on the streets after realising that society considered homelessness to be a ' male ' issue . the campaign has prompted supporters to start their own collection boxes for tampons and sanitary towels : this ( pictured above ) was one of seven boxes collected in the workplace of twitter user sarah wyatt . while homeless shelters receive funding for condoms , there is currently no government funding to supply charities with aid for sanitary products . they said that they were surprised to find that approximately 26 per cent of people who access homelessness services are women . oliver frost adds that periods seem to be a forgotten issue when it comes to living on the streets . ' it 's that for many people , it 's never even crossed their minds . as we say on the campaign site `` it does n't bear thinking about… and that 's the problem '' . ' while there is public funding for condoms to be supplied to homeless shelters , there is no financial aid for tampons and sanitary towels . nearly 81,000 people have signed a petition to lobby the government for better funding to buy sanitary care . frost says he hopes that the petition will ' promise a more long term solution to the issue , and the amount of funding it would need is relatively small . ' the group aims to present the petition to the secretary of health or if they reach their 150,000 signature target before a new government is elected , then to lobby simon stevens , chief executive of the nhs . a campaign video includes the voice of patricia , who lived for six months on the streets of brixton . she says she was forced to used ripped up cloth as a makeshift sanitary towel . frost said donations are key to the campaign 's success : ' for us , the hope is that # thehomelessperiod will become a platform for people wanting to help with donations . ' we 've had people from around the country contact us with their own local initiatives and fundraisers for the campaign . our side is in promoting those efforts and connecting them with other people who want to help . ' supporters have been dropping boxes of tampons and towels into their local homeless shelters , with one donor , sarah wyatt , so inspired that she has set up a crowd-funding page to encourage more people to donate . on her gofundme page , wyatt says : ' i recently read an article about the lives of homeless women and the difficulties they face when they have their period . ' i had never really thought about it that way before , these women have little or no access to sanitary products . i decided to do something and did a collection in my workplace which got an amazing response . ' 