kaitlyn granado , 24 , was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil , 15 , in her car on consecutive nights in january . a texas math teacher has been accused of having sex with an underage pupil from a texas high school a month after she was arrested for letting another teenage touch her breasts . kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student , and was released on bail . now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year . according to the affidavit , seen by the star-telegram , the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas . the abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between granado and one of the boys last month . she was arrested on march 19 , and in a police interview she admitted kissing the pupil and allowing him to touch her breasts in april the previous year , according to the dallas morning news . she was subsequently suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials . at the time , detectives said they did n't think she had been in a relationship with any other pupils , but just days later , on march 24 , officers quizzed a second boy about a possible relationship with her . a spokesman for the police department said : ' there was some discussion , some rumoring , there may have been a second person involved . ' that information came from within the school , and it turned out to be true . ' granado , who is a maths teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas ( pictured ) , was also arrested last month when she admitted kissing another boy , also 15 , and lettin him touch her breasts . granado was booked into irving county jail for the second time on monday , and released after posting a $ 50,000 bail . it is not known how granado intends to plead to the second set of charges against her . a spokesman for irving school district said : ' while privacy laws prevent us from sharing specific details , we can reassure our families that we took immediate and appropriate action . ' being on administrative leave prevents her from working with students and being present on any irving isd property . '