sarazen , hogan , player , nicklaus , woods , mcilroy . perhaps the biggest compliment to the man who would join the golfing gods this week is that his name does not look out of place among the pantheon . rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday , and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement , he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport . that is the view of paul mcginley , europe’s ryder cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat way : mcilroy is no jose mourinho . winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style , unlike chelsea 's ruthless manager . ‘ is it all about winning titles , is it all about the mourinho way of “i’m going to get as many medals and titles as i can” ? ’ ponders mcginley . ‘ or is it , i’m the no 1 player in the world , i represent the game of golf , am i going to become somebody like tiger woods did , an iconic figure in world sport , and try to introduce and propel the game forward ? rory mcilroy has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport , says paul mcginley . mcilroy goes into this week 's masters at augusta national as favourite but he 's aiming for more than trophies . mcginley says mcilroy 's ambitions are unlike chelsea 's relentless win-at-all-costs manager jose mourinho . mcginley , mcilroy 's ryder cup-winning coach , says the world no 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport . ‘ my hunch knowing rory is that it’s more about representing that no 1 position , and bringing as many titles along with it as he can . ’ mcginley , by the way , is a die-hard west ham fan . and he knows mcilroy well . fellow sons of the emerald isle , mcginley helped coax arguably the greatest round of mcilroy’s life , the utter demolition of america’s own golden boy , rickie fowler , 5 & 4 at gleneagles last year . mcginley speaks glowingly of mcilroy from their time together on the winning ryder cup team . there were signs before the ryder cup that mcilroy was not just in single-minded pursuit of greatness , but had his eyes on the greater good . mcginley wanted to give short and sharp tips to his young charge on how to prepare for gleneagles ; but mcilroy simply wouldn’t shut up about it . ‘ i swear , i honestly could not have asked for one per cent more out of rory , in the whole two years of ryder cup , ’ enthuses mcginley . ‘ every time i had a chat with him , he was so engaged with it . often i’d be walking away and he’d be pulling me back to talk more . he wanted more and more , and he was sharing ideas , he was terrific . ’ while it’s easy to get carried away in the face of such extraordinary talent , mcilroy still has one giant leap to overcome . he must stand firm on the slippery slopes of augusta’s rolling fairways and conquer the course that has beaten him up on two excruciating occasions , and where his best finish was eighth last year . woods , meanwhile , has mastered the place four times . ‘ rory is evolving as a player , and he’s evolving as a person too . he’s not the finished article , even now at 25 . it’s not right to compare him to tiger woods . what woods has done in his career is a yardstick , rory is still evolving towards that and every year he is getting better and better , but he still has a long way to go to meet the standards that tiger set . ’ mcginley , who will be at the masters in augusta commentating for sky sports , the only place to watch all four days live , cites woods’s supreme patience as the hallmark of a true great – mcilroy glaringly lacked the latter during his final-round horror show in 2011 . mcginley walks with graeme mcdowell and mcilroy as they prepared for the 2014 ryder cup . mcginley will be watching his former charges at the masters closely as a pundit for sky sports . four years on , however , mcilroy’s rivals know they are battling to contain a different beast . ‘ the one thing that rory has proved is that he’s able to learn from his mistakes and move on , ’ says mcginley , who talks now of an ‘aura’ surrounding the man who will be going for his third major in a row after his open and us pga championship victories last summer . does mcilroy intimidate his opponents before a ball has even been struck ? ‘ yeah , i think a bit . not as much as tiger , but again he’s evolving towards that . when rory’s driving the ball like he can , he’s very intimidating . he knows he has the ability , when he finds that extra gear , that nobody else can match him . ’ there is a word of warning , however . ‘ it will be a matter of time before someone catches up with him and somebody will challenge him . tiger had that and then guys caught up with him . ’ the men most likely to challenge mcilroy’s bid for immortality are most likely to be a number of old ryder cup foes – although woods will surely not be among them . bubba watson , the defending champion , a reformed and refocused dustin johnson , the extraordinary 21-year-old texan jordan spieth and fowler , if he has got over his humbling at gleneagles , all look most likely to push mcilroy hardest . mcilroy is intimidating for his opponents when he 's hitting the ball as he can , says mcginley . tiger woods returns to the fold for the masters but is n't expected to be challenging mcilroy for the green jacket . masters defending champion bubba watson ( left ) and a reformed and refocused dustin johnson . jordan spieth , the extraordinary texan 21-year-old , is also considered among the 2015 title contenders . ‘ a rival will be good for rory , ’ insists mcginley . ‘ if dustin steps up to the plate like some people are expecting him to , or spieth , or rickie , if some of those guys win a major , that’ll only be good for him . rory has reacted well to adversity and guys challenging him in the past . ’ but the toughest opponent mcilroy could face in future might not come on the course , but from the voice within . ‘ the biggest challenge that rory has got is keeping the fire lit in his heart . that’s the biggest challenge anybody would have . that’s what made tiger phenomenal at the top for as long as he was . ‘ at the moment rory has it , he’s had it for a number of years , he’s got that incredible passion . keeping that lit for another 20 years is another question . we won’t know the answer , but that’s his biggest challenge . ’ that’s why it’s always handy to have a man like captain mcginley around , to help fan those flames . this week , however , mcilroy is on his own . thankfully the fire is raging more than ever . 