an oregon couple announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ' the fresh prince of bel-air . ' the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ' in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip . parents : jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a video set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom ' the fresh prince of bel-air ' the original song for the popular nbc sitcom , sung by star will smith , details how his character grew up in west philadelphia , where he got into a neighborhood fight - and at his mother 's insistence , moved to his aunt and uncle 's home in their wealthy los angeles neighborhood . in the meeks ' parody video , melissa raps , ' when our family and friends , who were up to no good , started asking questions about parenthood . ' we told one little lie , said `` it 's not time yet . '' parents said `` we 're ready for grandkids , get a move on it ! '' ' jesse raps that the couple thought it would take longer than the two months the pair spent trying to conceive . melissa says in the video ' i woke up in the morning about 7 or 8 and i thought to myself , `` oh man , i 'm late ! '' looked at the test and it was finally there . the little plus sign . we 're now three . not a pair . ' at the end of the video , the meeks smile and share a sonogram of their unborn child . it took five takes to film the clip , the couple told kptv . after finding out the gender of the child , another video is a possibility for the meeks , the couple told the fox affiliate . original : will smith is seen here rapping the theme for ' the fresh prince of bel-air ' during the show 's title sequence . big reveal : at the end of the clip , the meeks share a sonogram of their unborn child . according to kptv , the video was made so loved ones living far away could know about the baby . melissa told the fox affliate of the video 's success ' it was completely unexpected . like , that was the last thing we thought would happen , that it would blow up to what it had , or what it has . ' jesse told the oregonian ' it has been a lot of fun , but definitely way more than we ever expected . ' he is the great-great-grandson of oregon pioneer joseph lafayette meek , the newspaper reported . the oregonian reported that melissa earlier made a video which captured jesse 's reaction when he found out about the pregnancy . jesse learned the news after reading a tag melissa placed on their dog , which indicated a baby was on the way . a phoenixville , pennsylvania , couple made a pregnancy announcement video using ' the fresh prince of bel-air ' theme song last year and recreated the show 's title sequence , people reported .