leicester boss nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest and insisted that their remaining fixtures will make it extremely tough to avoid relegation . they will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if they beat swansea at home on saturday by three goals and burnley fail to win at everton . they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away while welcoming qpr to the king power stadium on the final day of the season . back-to-back wins revived leicester’s hopes of top-flight survival but pearson wants to keep a lid on expectations . he said : ‘ we believe in ourselves but we have seven left , five at home and one against chelsea . they are still extremely tough fixtures . leicester boss nigel pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival . wes morgan trains with team-mates ahead of leicester 's game against swansea at the weekend . ‘ we are aware we have had some bad luck from time to time . it’s that belief in ourselves that has kept us going . ’ burnley , meanwhile , have collected eight points from a testing run of eight games but now have to start turning some gritty displays into more positive results . having won only once since january , it could be the wrong time to be running into an everton side that are unbeaten in four at goodison park but manager sean dyche is not looking at form . he said : ‘ you can’t govern other people’s situation . we have to focus on ourselves whether it’s good or not good . when the whistle blows , we have a plan and are more looking at how we are going to operate . jamie vardy celebrates scoring against west brom as the foxes record back-to-back wins . ‘we’ve done a lot of work after being written off . we’re certainly in the pack . performance-wise i’ve been pleased but we have to win games . ’ everton manager roberto martinez sees a fearlessness in burnley similar to that displayed by his wigan team in surviving against the odds in the premier league . the clarets head to goodison park having beaten manchester city , drawn against tottenham and narrowly defeated by arsenal in the last month . argentinian ace esteban cambiasso is one of several players whose contracts expire at the end of the season . they are two points from safety but martinez believes the fact they have been scrapping to get out of the bottom three all season — much like his wigan side in the four seasons he spent with them — gives them an advantage over teams who have been dragged into the race for survival . martinez said : ‘ when you are in a situation as clear as the one they have , they are only one step from getting away from the bottom three and that is an incredible incentive . ’ martinez believes dyche will help burnley survive . ‘ sean has been an incredible leader and has set very good direction for his team , ’ he added . ‘ when you get into a new league you sometimes don’t get positive results after a successful season in the championship and you start having doubts and wanting to change week after week . ’