floyd mayweather is known as ' money ' and the boxing superstar gave a further glimpse to his incredible wealth on wednesday . the 38-year-old took to his shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet . accompanied with the caption ' air mayweather , ' the wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand the money team . the social media post would have come as a minor respite for mayweather as he prepares for the most expensive bout in boxing history on may 2 . floyd mayweather ( right ) gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his shots account on wednesday . the orthodox fighter is putting his two belts , and his unbeaten record , on the line when he takes on philippine star manny pacquiao . the unification bout against wbo champion pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas is expected to total $ 300million . ahead of the highly-anticipated fight , boxing legend muhammad ali wants to see pacquiao emerge triumphant come may 2 , according to his daughter . rasheda ali revealed that her father respects pacquiao 's boxing capabilities but also admires how he handles himself away from the ring . ' my dad is team pacquiao all the way , ' she told tmz on tuesday . ' my dad really likes manny , he 's a huge fan of his . muhammad ali wants manny pacquiao ( right ) to beat mayweather when they clash on may 2 in las vegas . ' he knows manny 's a great fighter but it 's more about what he does outside the ring . he 's such a charitable person . ' ali added that her father acknowledges mayweather 's own boxing capabilities but admitted they are two very different personalities . ' my dad stood for things . mayweather ... i do n't think there 's a comparison , ' she said , before revealing that ali will not be in attendance for the fight in las vegas on may 2 but will watch it on television . ' there 's no question he 's going to order it , ' she added . ' it takes my dad way back to when he was fighting . ' ali is widely considered as the greatest boxer ever and his daughter said he ' really likes ' pacquiao .