large swathes of north and central texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-size hail sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . the storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth for the next several hours . more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of forth worth . scroll down for video . at least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central texas sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . above , one of the tornadoes spotted in stephenville , texas - about 70 miles southeast of fort worth . according to the national weather service , there were also unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in stephenville . one of the tornados appeared over rio vista , texas and was described as slow-moving and ' extremely dangerous ' . when it was first spotted , the tornado was estimated to be about a mile wide . by 10:44pm the tornado had moved to near covington - just 25 miles south of fort worth . above , a view of the mile-wide tornado that was spotted over rio vista , texas sunday night and described as slow moving and ' extremely dangerous ' . above , a view of where the mile-wide tornado was spotted sunday night in texas . residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris . ' this is a particularly dangerous situation , ' the national weather service warned at the time . residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of ' complete destruction ' when it touched down . nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch sunday night through 11pm , with the storm system expected to die out by monday . in addition to threatening tornadoes , the storm brought high winds over 70 mph and hail ranging in size from golf balls to baseballs . however , there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the aftermath of the storm . stephenville was also hit with large hail that caused damage to vehicles in the area - including this car with a shattered windshield . watch out : above , some examples of the almost baseball-szie hail that hit the area of stephenville sunday evening . this tornado was spotted in glen rose , texas on sunday during the severe storm system which was expected to last through the night . weather.com senior meteorologist nick wiltgen said rotating thunderstorms called supercells are behind the extreme weather seen in texas this weekend . ' the warm , unstable air is feeding very strong updrafts , causing rapid thunderstorm development – and the way the winds are aligned is allowing some of these storms to rotate , enhancing their potential for giant hail and possibly tornadoes , ' wiltgen said . while the worst of the storm is supposed to be over on monday , there is a new concern for more rain and flooding .