dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the national football league . the decision to ban hardy , who last played for the carolina panthers , followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . hardy was informed in a letter by nfl commissioner roger goodell that the probe determined there was ' sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated nfl policies in multiple respects . ' dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games . domestic violence charges against hardy , who signed with dallas last month , were abruptly dropped in february after his accuser could not be found to testify . the jury trial for hardy had been set to begin in charlotte after he was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend , nicole holder , and threatening to kill her . the league 's probe , which involved numerous interviews with witnesses and experts , concluded that hardy violated the nfl 's personal conduct policy by using physical force against holder in at least four instances . ' the net effect of these acts was that ms. holder was severely traumatized and sustained a range of injuries , including bruises and scratches on her neck , shoulders , upper chest , back , arms and feet , ' goodell wrote . ' the use of physical force under the circumstances present here , against a woman substantially smaller than you and in the presence of powerful , military-style assault weapons , constitutes a significant act of violence in violation of the personal conduct policy . ' hardy arrives at mecklenburg county jail on the first day of his domestic violence appeal trail . hardy , a 2013 pro bowler who played only one game for the panthers before being suspended last season , was accused of assaulting holder last may , sending her to the hospital emergency room . the five-year nfl veteran was found guilty by a district court judge in july but appealed the verdict and was allowed to have a jury trial . prosecutors said when holder last spoke with them in november , she told them that she ' did not want to participate in another trial . ' holder had already reached a civil settlement with hardy , prosecutors said . hardy may appeal the nfl 's decision within three days . ' you must have no further adverse involvement with law enforcement and must not commit any additional violations of league policies , ' goodell wrote . ' in that respect , you should understand that another violation of this nature may result in your banishment from the nfl . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .