tony pulis has discussed pre-season plans with saido berahino in an indication he plans to keep the striker beyond the summer transfer window . berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate’s england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june so pulis has begun his preparations early . west bromwich albion were open to bids of £20million for berahino in january and the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league football . west brom manager tony pulis has talked pre-season plans with saido berahino in an indication the england under 21 striker will remain at the hawthorns beyond the summer . berahino has been linked with a move away from west brom after saying he wants to play european football . pulis said : ‘ hopefully he 's away with the under 21s so i have had a chat with him about pre-season and the time he 'll have off but i have n't spoken about anything else to him . ‘ i think the kid is happy here , he has played that way and certainly worked that way . we 're more than happy to have him here because he has been very good . ’ berahino shares the same agent as raheem sterling , aidy ward , who was criticised by brendan rodgers over the liverpool player’s contract stand-off . pulis said : ‘ agents can have a massive influence on players in lots of respects . my argument to that is in the same in life , you get good agents and you get bad agents . berahino is likely to be included in the england under 21 squad for this summer 's european championships . berahino scored a vital goal in england 's under 21 play-off with croatia back in october . ' professional footballers have been given a gift and they have a lifespan of about 10-12 years . we should never forget that . to be the best is what they should be aiming for . ‘ if i had an agent i 'd just say , ' look after the money , make sure when i finish this job i have enough to look after my family ' . i would n't be talking to my agent about football . ’ pulis added : ‘ i can’t speak for sterling and i ca n't speak for the agent as i have n't dealt with that but the one thing i have said about saido , he has been fantastic here . ‘ there 's been a real change in his attitude , his commitment to everything we 've tried to do has been brilliant . ’ 