tv insiders say lily james ( pictured ) , who stars in the new disney cinema hit cinderella , would be ideal as mary in the new tv adaptation . they were left broken-hearted when writer julian fellowes announced that the next series of downton abbey would be the last . but at least the hit show 's millions of fans can now look forward to more fun from the oscar winner . he plans another heady tv mix of romance , class struggle and social snobbery , this time based on the work of anthony trollope , one of britain 's greatest novelists . lord fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn trollope 's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new three-part historical drama for itv . he said : ' doctor thorne is one of my favourite novels . it is romantic and funny and i am absolutely delighted to be doing it . i said yes to it straight away . ' he added : ' it is rooted in darkness and starts with a murder , which spreads its shadow over many of the principal characters . ' the novel tells the story of doctor thomas thorne , who lives in the village of greshamsbury in barsetshire with his beautiful niece , mary , a girl blessed with every gift except money . mary has grown up alongside the gresham sisters – augusta , beatrice and alexandrina – and their handsome brother frank , whose home is the great house and estate at greshamsbury park . when the terrifying lady arabella gresham discovers that her son frank has fallen in love with doctor thorne 's penniless niece , she is horrified . and the situation is made all the more fraught because doctor thorne is harbouring a secret about mary 's parentage which threatens to bring everyone 's world crashing down . trollope 's tale is considered one of his best works and fellowes 's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an a-list cast . tv insiders say hugh bonneville , who plays lord grantham in downton , and lily james , who plays lady rose in the show and who stars in the new disney cinema hit cinderella , would be ideal as thomas thorne and mary . but one source last night said that itv would be keen to ensure that the cast of the new drama was not filled with faces from downton . tv critics want hugh bonneville , who plays lord grantham in downton , to appear in the new television show . the tale is considered one of trollope 's best works . several actresses , including anna chancellor , who made a guest appearance in the last series of downton abbey , juliet stevenson and janet mcteer could all be likely contenders for the role of the snobbish lady arabella . the project is the realisation of a life- long ambition for fellowes , a huge admirer of trollope 's work . he revealed plans for the new drama at a dinner held at the athenaeum club in london on friday night to celebrate the bicentenary of trollope 's birth . fellowes was a speaker at the event . he told the mail on sunday that there was a snobbishness towards trollope in certain quarters and he hoped the adaptation would lead to a flood of other series . ' i think television has just woken up to the fact that there are all these wonderful stories by trollope which have never been done . how much more interesting than the 88th version of pride and prejudice . ' fellowes revealed that many of the characters in downton abbey and his oscar-winning 2001 film gosford park had been inspired by trollope . he said gosford park 's lady trentham and downton 's dowager countess of grantham – both played by maggie smith – were very similar to doctor thorne 's lady arabella , and that gosford 's imperious lady sylvia , played by kristin scott thomas , was a ' classic ' from a trollope novel . also at the athenaeum club was fellow trollope fan sir john major . he discovered trollope when he was 13 and likened the author to a ' friend for 60 years ' . in an article in the mail on sunday 's event magazine he wrote : ' i invite others to make his acquaintance . few , if any , will be disappointed . and most – like the young boy who once rummaged through the library shelves in brixton – will find a love for life . ' 