labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts for any longer than 12 weeks . ed miliband said it was ' not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a ' regular contract if they do regular hours ' after three months . scroll down for video . labour party leader ed miliband announced the zero-hours contract ban to workers at david brown gear systems in huddersfield this morning . mr miliband said it was ' not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . mr miliband 's announcement comes after david cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract after being grilled by jeremy paxman last week . in an interview with bbc breakfast this morning , mr miliband said : ' if it 's not good enough for us , i do n't think it is good enough for the people of britain , and that 's why we have got to make this change . ' mr miliband said there had been an ' epidemic ' of zero-hours contracts under the coalition and dismissed fears scrapping them could force companies to lay off staff . it is estimated there are now 1.8million contracts in the uk that do not guarantee any hours – with as many as one in seven jobs now zero-hours . ons data shows that 58 per cent of people on zero-hours contracts have been with their current employer for over a year , and that workers on the contracts work 23 hours a week on average . mr miliband said workers should be given the right after 12 weeks to demand ' a regular contract if they do regular hours ' . he said : ' i think it goes right to the heart of the election campaign . i do n't believe we can build a successful country when working people are facing that kind of insecurity . ' there is an issue about the number of hours , but there is also an issue about the unpredictability of the hours . that 's the insecurity people face . ' the labour party leader arrived in yorkshire this morning for a question and answer session with workers on the second full-day of the campaign . he said most businesses did not use zero-hours contracts , but added : ' the trouble is for some businesses this has become the primary way that they employ people and i do n't think it 's the right way forward for our country . ' zero hour contracts are just one example of the insecurity of our economy and what has happened over the last five years . david cameron says it has all been a great success – i 'll let the british people be the judge of that . ' the tories have already announced that it would ban exclusivity clauses which stop staff on zero-hours contracts from working for other companies . under labour 's plan , workers will also be entitled to compensation if shifts are cancelled at short notice . the proposal goes well beyond the recommendations made by the former morrisons exec norman pickavance in an independent review for labour . he said workers should have a right to request a regular contract after six months ' continuous employment and to be given one after 12 months . critics have warned that company bosses could dismiss staff just before the right to a full contract kicks in . it also risks undermining britain 's flexible labour market which economists claim is behind the recent jobs boom . jeremy paxman grilled david cameron over the number of zero-hours contracts in the uk workforce . but mr miliband told labour activists later today : ' the problem of zero-hours contracts is at the heart of the key question in this election : who does our country work for ? ' does it work just for the rich and the powerful ? or does it work for working people – the people looking for a job , trying to find enough money to support a family , to make ends meet ? ' christian may , of the institute of directors said zero-hours contracts were used by just '2 per cent of workers ' which he said could ' hardly be described as an epidemic ' . he added : ' nobody supports the misuse of these contracts , but demonising and ultimately outlawing them will simply risk jobs and undermine a labour market that has made us the envy of europe . ' john cridland , cbi director-general , added : ' the uk 's flexible jobs market has given us an employment rate that is the envy of other countries , so proposals to limit flexible contracts to 12 weeks are wide of the mark . ' of course action should be taken to tackle abuses , but demonising flexible contracts is playing with the jobs that many firms and many workers value and need . ' these proposals run the risk of a return to day-to-day hiring in parts of the economy , with lower stability for workers and fewer opportunities for people to break out of low pay . ' but tuc general secretary frances o'grady said ' we need a fairer system that guarantees zero-hours workers decent rights at work and stops them from being treated like second-class employees . '