reports of cristiano ronaldo 's decline have been greatly exaggerated : the real madrid forward scored five goals against granada , taking his tally in la liga to 36 for the season - more than half of europe 's top teams . granada were torn to shreds by ronaldo and his real team-mates as the european champions won 9-1 at the bernabeu , and their portuguese talisman managed the first five-goal haul of his career . his record of 36 league goals for the season overtook lionel messi 's 32 strikes , and put him in the incredible position of having scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in europe 's top five leagues this season . cristiano ronaldo scored an incredible five goals against granada to lift his tally for the season to 36 . granada were torn to shreds by ronaldo and his real team-mates as the european champions won 9-1 . the portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top leagues , including nine in england . there are nine teams in the barclays premier league who have managed fewer goals in the league than cristiano ronaldo has this season . they are : stoke city , newcastle united , west bromwich albion , hull city , aston villa , sunderland , queens park rangers , burnley and leicester city . ronaldo took some flak last month after a series of poor performances for real , but his goalscoring has never waivered and even through a difficult period he managed six goals in 10 games , the sort of record most strikers can only dream of . and his displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of newcastle united , malaga , borussia dortmund , torino and lille . the first three of his five goals against granada marked the quickest hat-trick of his career , coming in just eight first half minutes . another followed 16 minutes later , and his last came 35 minutes after that . ronaldo's displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of borussia dortmund and lille . it all adds up to a brilliant easter sunday for the world 's best player , and he spoke of his delight afterwards . lionel messi and barcelona came out on top in el clasico but he has fewer league goals than ronaldo . borussia dortmund , who can boast marco reus among their ranks , have fewer goals than the real talisman . while ronaldo overtook messi on the goalscoring charts , the hat-trick - which could have been doubled - levelled the argentine 's record of 24 la liga trebles . he almost matched real legend alfredo di stefano 's 28 hat-tricks for los blancos in what was their biggest league win in 48-and-a-half years . it all adds up to a brilliant easter sunday for the world 's best player , and he posted on twitter after the game , saying : ' happy to have scored 5 goals with this excellent team work . thank you for all your support . ' if the critics still see ronaldo as greedy , it certainly paid off at the santiago bernabeu on sunday . premier league : stoke city , newcastle united , west bromwich albion , hull city , aston villa , sunderland , queens park rangers , burnley , leicester city . la liga : malaga , athletic bilbao , rayo vallecano , real sociedad , celta vigo , espanyol , getafe , levante , eibar , elche , deportivo la coruna , almeria , granada , cordoba . bundesliga : augsburg , borussia dortmund , mainz , cologne , hertha berlin , freiberg , hannover , hamburg , paderborn , stuttgart . serie a : torino , sassuolo , udinese , empoli , chievo , atalanta , cesena , cagliari , parma . ligue 1 : lille , rennes , nantes , guingamp , nice , bastia , evian , lorient , toulouse , metz , lens .