swansea manager garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on everton 's season - but he is determined to stop his former manager roberto martinez profiting at his old liberty stadium stomping ground on saturday . martinez was lauded by everton fans last season as the club qualified for europe with a fifth-placed finish in the barclays premier league . but the going has been a lot tougher for the spaniard in his second season on merseyside with everton having only removed the spectre of relegation by winning their last three matches . garry monk wants swansea to continue their own impressive form with victory over everton on saturday . bafetimbi gomis ( centre ) scored twice for swansea in their 3-1 victory over hull last weekend . ki sung-yueng ( second right ) also got on the scoresheet as swansea maintained their impressive form . vandals even defaced the outside of goodison park with ' martinez out ' and ' not good enough ' sprayed on the wall of a stand in white paint , but monk insists that is simply a part of modern-day football when results do not go your way . ' i always say you 're only a few games away from being great or rubbish , ' monk said . ' roberto is a good manager , but sometimes you have good periods and sometimes you have bad ones . ' it 's just making sure you come through them and he 's won the last three games , they 're back on the up and he 'll want to finish the season strongly . ' of course they 'd want to be pushing further up the league and it 's not a position you 'd associate with everton . ' but if they can get back up to finish positively it will put a different twist on the season . ' everton have had to balance their domestic commitments with a demanding europa league campaign which saw them knocked out at the round-of-16 stage last month . and monk knows from swansea being in the competition last season how much that has an impact on premier league performances and results . ' europe is tough , the travelling and constant games in certain periods , ' monk said . ' it all adds up and the intensity of the football at this level takes it out of you and takes its toll . ' whether it ( everton 's results ) is all down to that i do n't know , but it does play a major part and if you look at the teams who have played in the europa league , including ourselves , it has had an impact . ' swansea have never beaten everton in the league but they claimed a point at goodison park in november after being reduced to 10 men following jonjo shelvey 's dismissal . martinez criticised swansea 's ' strange ' tactics and style of play that day but monk put it down to ' more frustration with his own side and not winning the game ' . roberto martinez is hoping to continue everton 's form against his former team in the premier league . monk ( right ) holds no ill feeling towards martinez , despite him criticising swansea after defeat in november . ' it might have been a game they 'd targeted to win and when it does n't happen as a manager you do get frustrated , ' said monk , who knows victory will take swansea past their previous best premier league points total of 47 . ' that 's what it boiled down to . but we did well , we had jonjo sent off so we were never going to go gung-ho and we got a good point . ' we did well in the circumstances and now we want to go one better and get all three . ' 