a mother-of-three has been forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an ' oral bombsite ' . rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row . she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back . rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . the general dental council has investigated the work of janakan siva at the menlove dental practice in allerton , liverpool . he will now go before a disciplinary committee . when the dental practice manager where mr siva worked studied the mess , even he admitted : ' i 've got 22 years experience of dentistry , but i would n't know where to start with this . ' mrs devereux , from liverpool , had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts . she also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half . she says the treatment even led to other health problems , with constant hip pain , splitting headaches and mobility difficulties . she claims disintegrating abscesses drained into her body , effectively poisoning her , and she was often unable to lift her left leg to put her socks on . mrs devereux has had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts . she also suffered 50 per cent bone loss because of untreated gum disease , wrongly placed implants , and teeth that had fractured in half . when the dental practice manager where mr siva worked studied the mess , even he said : ' i 've got 22 years experience of dentistry , but i would n't know where to start with this ' . however since leaving the care of mr siva , her longstanding ailments have gradually disappeared , she maintains . now , after months of discussion with the general dental council , mr siva must face a fitness to practise panel and could be struck off . mrs devereux said : ' it 's been a long battle to get this far . ' but i 'm glad i 've stuck with it to prove my feeling that the treatment i received was way short of what is expected for a dentist . ' the general dental union was approached to speak on mr siva 's behalf but declined to comment .