aaron hernandez left behind his life as a millionaire star athlete today , swapping a designer suit for a set of gray scrubs at a prison where he will begin a life sentence for murder . it is perhaps fitting that hernandez was booked at mci cedar junction in walpole , a prison just across the freeway from gillette stadium where he used to play for the new england patriots . hernandez has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013 , when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fianceé at the time . on wednesday , a 12-person jury found hernandez guilty , sentencing him to life in prison without the possibility of parole due to some especially heinous aspects of lloyd 's killing . scroll down for video . the beginning of the rest of his life : aaron hernandez was taken to the mci cedar juntion prison in walpole , massachusetts on wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd . hernandez circled in red , arriving at the 700-inmate prison . old neighborhood : cedar junction is about a mile and a half away from gillette stadium , where hernandez used to play tight end for the new england patriots . nothing to smile about now : hernandez slumped down in his chair on wednesday as a guilty verdict was read ( left ) . pictured on the right during happier times , playing for the patriots . hernandez was shocked by the decision , mouthing ' you 're wrong ' , before slumping to his seat - perhaps seeing the riches to rags reality of his new life . hernandez has vowed to appeal the decision . directly after court , hernandez was taken to the 700-inmate facility that will serve as a stark contrast to his former home - a $ 1.3million mansion . hernandez arrived at cedar junction around 1pm for booking and was given the prison number w106228 . the booking process took about two hours , and was probably not the most comfortable of experiences . according to a report by wbur , new inmates at the facility are taken downstairs into the basement where the intake center is located . it is there that they change into their new uniform of gray scrubs and laceless canvas shoes , turning over their personal clothes to be either incinerated or mailed home . new home : hernandez is starting his sentence at maximum-security prison mci cedar junction in walpole , massachusetts ( pictured above ) . stately : before his arrest , hernandez lived in a $ 1.3million mansion in north attleborough , massachusetts ( pictured above . they then post for a new mugshot and are fingerprinted before sitting in a special chair that scans their bodies for possible hidden objects . all new inmates receive a paper bag containing seven pairs of underwear and a specially-designed razor and pen that ca n't be used as a weapon . jerry-rigged weapons are something hernandez should be concerned with , according to bristol county sheriff thomas hogson . sheriff hogson spoke with whdh after the ruling on wednesday and said that as the focus of a high-profile case , hernandez will be targeted in the prison . ' it depends how he 's classified or where he 'll be , but it 's always a possibility , always a concern , ' hodgson said . labor : workers at cedar junction 's prison manufacture license plates for 50 cents an hour - a far cry from the $ 40million contract extension hernandez received from the patriots in 2012 . the food at cedar junction was described by a boston globe reporter as ' marginally edible ' . hernandez pictured above eating chicken after a patriots game . some other aspects of prison life may not be up to hernandez 's standards either - such as the 50 cents an hour inmates are paid to manufacture license plates . in 2012 , the patriots extended hernandez 's contract for five years in a $ 40million deal that was unprecedented for a tight end . also in 2012 , he signed a deal to be a spokesman for shoe brand puma . and for a former professional athlete who 's used to eating large satisfying meals , hernandez may lose his appetite in the cafeteria where the food was once described by a boston globe reporter as ' marginally edible ' . cedar point is where all male inmates are booked when they start their sentences in massachusetts , so hernandez will eventually be moved to another facility in the coming weeks or months , it 's reported that he will be sent to sousa baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts next . moving : hernandez will be moved in the coming weeks or moths to the sousa baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts ( pictured above ) .