it contains 12,000 calories and was made using an incredible 150 eggs , but the chef behind this mammoth omelette claims you 'll need more than a few friends to help you polish it off . ally lees , of alfie bird 's restaurant in birmingham , created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for easter , but says it would take more than five people to eat it . the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man . scroll down for video . chef ally ( left ) of alfie bird 's in birmingham , pictured with two assistants as they dig in to the giant omelette . chef ally , who prepared the giant masterpiece as a festive promotion , said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on but was pleased with the end result . he recommends a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette . ally said : ' i 've tried a bit of it , it 's lovely but i do n't think i could eat all of it . i think the excess protein might cause a few problems . the beastly dish was made to order using 150 fresh eggs - and contains 12,000 calories . chef ally beating the eggs ( left ) and one of his assistants pouring the mixture ( right ) . ally had to use a massive paella pan for the three food monster omelette . ' it 's the biggest omelette i 've ever cooked in my life and it took a while but i think it looks great . ' weighing in with a colossal calorie count , the omelette is almost five times the daily intake for a grown man . using a giant frying pan to collect the mixture , it took ally an hour to ensure the eggs were cooked all the way through . ally said : ' we have a huge paella pan which was easily big enough , we heated it up and eventually it was done . ' it took around an hour as we had to keep the pan from going cold but we got there in the end . ' a diner waits for the dish to cook ( left ) and ( right ) it 's finally peeled from the pan . it 's recommended a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette .