if you ever wanted to push the boat out ( literally ) and stay at one of the most unusual hotels on the ocean , look no further than no man 's land fort , a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent , which is set to open this month . the spectacular isolated fort , one of three guarding the entrance to the solent , just off the coast of the isle of wight , has been turned into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub , shops and even its own nightclub , thanks to a multi-million pound revamp . the unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a james bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events . scroll down for video . for those intent on relaxation , no man 's offers its own spa , a choice of bars and a large sun deck for ocean views . the no man 's fort has been transformed by amazing venues to become a luxury hotel , and is set to open on april 23 . with four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities , it’s a unique location that’s sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories . the sea fort is located 2km out at sea , meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat . on arrival at the ocean hotspot , guests can hit up the shops , restaurants , luxury spa , rooftop bar and firepit , cabaret bar , nightclub or lazer battle arena . if water sports are more your style this is the perfect base for enjoying rib rides , jet biking , sea kayaking , or kite surfing . a spokesman for amazing venues said : ' no man 's fort is an inspiring private island that offers an unrivalled experience . ' it is three times the size of spitbank fort and boasts its own lighthouse with spectacular views across the solent . ' you 'd think being a mile offshore is unique enough , but we 've crammed every possible space with unusual things to see and experience . built between 1867 and 1880 , no man 's fort was one of several forts ordered by then-prime minister lord palmerston to fend off the french navy . it needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site , before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations . at the time it cost £462,500 to build , which with inflation would be equivalent to more than £43million today . it was the first fort in england , and possibly europe , to use hydraulic power to move the guns in horizontal and vertical planes for targeting and the first to be lighted throughout with electricity . the fort was in active use by the military up to 1957 - housing anti-aircraft guns during the second world war - and became a scheduled ancient monument in 1967 . a developer bought it in 1987 to convert it into a luxury residence but failed to find a millionaire buyer . birmingham businessman harmesh pooni bought it to run as as a corporate hospitality venue but he ran into financial difficulties and had to close down . he eventually barricaded himself inside until he was removed . the fort eventually sold in 2009 for just £910,000 . ' the potential of this magnificent sea fortress is only restrained by your imagination . ' a trip to the fort can be as relaxing or action-packed as you wish . ' for those intent on relaxation , no man 's offers its own spa , a choice of bars and a large sun deck . ' described on the website as '75,000 sq ft of fun , ' adventurers can unwind overlooking the spectacular rooftop views , whilst enjoying a bbq , before retiring to one of the 23 luxury suites which cost £450 per night . those who have the means to splash out on the best suite in the fort , the plush lighthouse facilities can cost £1,150 a night during the summer . bond villain haven ! the modern fort has two helipad zones , as well as offering roof top bbq facilities for an ocean-facing meal . do not disturb ! the fort boasts 23 luxury suites and can sleep 44 guests , with prices ranging from £450 per night . a room with a view ! not only does this hotel offer one of the most private hotel stays , but also incredible ocean views . the unusual destination boasts a colourful history and was even featured in the 1971 dr who episode , the sea devils , with jon pertwee . built between 1867 and 1880 , it was originally used to defend the coast against french invasion , and was used during both world wars to protect portsmouth harbour from attacks . in order to construct the impressive fort , huge blocks of granite were transported by barge to the site , and were lowered onto the seabed for its foundations . luxury loo ! the hotel has been renovated with many modern activities and facilities for guests to have a comfortable and memorable stay . views above the atrium roof are spectacular , and guests can enjoy a meal on the roof overlooking the beautiful coast off the isle of wight . the thick 60ft-high concrete walls mean guests can rest easy knowing the fort can withstand any ocean waves crashing again its sides . while it would have cost about £462,500 to build when it was first created , inflation would equate to that figure being closer to £43million today . amazing venues forked out £3million in first transforming sister venue , spitbank fort , which opened in 2012 , with this venture being three times as big . the glass atrium of the sea fort allows light to stream into the remote hotel . amazing venues spent £3million transforming spitbank fort , which opened in 2012 , and this new sister venue is three times as big . one way to make an entrance ! guests have to arrive at the isolated fort ( right ) by speedboat ( left ) or by helicopter . the remote hotel has two helipads for guests using this option .    