target : groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young hitler ( pictured above aged 25 ) to prevent wwii . it is a classic question of morality - if you could travel back in time and prevent the second world war by killing a young hitler , would you ? you could hypothetically save millions of lives - but at the cost of personally murdering someone who had yet to do anything wrong . the answer , according to a recent scientific study , has a lot to do with your gender ; and women are far more reluctant to cause any harm in the short term in order to get a better result in the long run . researchers from germany , canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question , and others like it , from 6,100 people . they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing . other dilemmas tested included a scenario where a group of people were hiding from soldiers trying to kill them , but were about to be given away by a baby crying . the choice is whether to smother the child and save the group , or keep it alive and be caught . a third imagined a farming family who had fallen on hard times and had no food to eat . their only way to avoid starvation would be to have their young daughter carry out sex work for money . the study , published in the personality and social psychology bulletin , grouped the responses into two groups . those who chose short-term harm to get an overall better result were termed utilitarians . the other group , for whom the ends could not justify the means , were called deontologists . differences : the study revealed that women are more reluctant than men to do something harmful in the short-term to secure a better result in the long term ( file photo ) . hard times : another question imagined that the only way out of poverty and stavation was making a young girl do sex work for money ( file photo ) . the scientists found that men were moderately more likely to fall into the utilitarian camp , while in women there was a very pronounced trend to go the opposite way . other data also suggested that women found the decisions more agonizing than the men , who had relatively straightforward time coming to their conclusion . rebecca friesdorf , one of the researchers , who is based at wilfrid laurier university in ontario , canada , said that the results seem to show women employ more emotion making their decisions , while men go more on logic alone . as the women had stronger , competing urges in each scenario , they found the dilemmas more difficult . explaining her study to npr , she said : ' women seem to be feeling more equal levels of both emotion and cognition . they seem to be experiencing similar levels of both , so it 's more difficult for them to make their choice . '