six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during january 's islamist attacks in paris have sued french media for broadcasting their location live during the siege . amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces . the heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo . patrick klugman , a lawyer representing the six survivors , said images broadcast from hyper cacher on january 9 ' lacked the most basic precautions ' and endangered those still alive inside . scroll down for video . police storm the hyper cacher jewish supermarket , killing an islamist terrorist in hail of gunfire . six hostages who hid in a freezer during the islamist attacks have sued french media for broadcasting their location live . terrorist : amedy coulibaly slaughtered customers during the siege at the hyper cacher store . lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air . he singled out french 24-hour news channel bfmtv which revealed live on air that the group - including a three-year-old child and a one-month-old baby - was hiding in the freezer . they had been taken to the cold room by one of the supermarket 's employees . ' the working methods of media in real time in this type of situation were tantamount to goading someone to commit a crime , ' mr klugman told afp thursday , roundly criticising coverage by other outlets of the movements by security forces during the standoff . the lives of those hiding ' could have been at risk if coulibaly had been aware in real time what bfmtv was broadcasting , ' klugman said . he added that the jihadist was following the coverage of his raid on different channels and had been in contact with bfmtv journalists . the lawsuit charges media with endangering the lives of others by deliberately ignoring security protocols , which carries a maximum penalty of a year in prison and a €15,000 ( £11,000 ) fine . extraordinary pictures emerged in the days after the siege showing the hostage huddled together for warmth amid cardboard boxes of food inside the freezer . defying terror : hyper cacher reopened last month with a vow to ' show that life is stronger than barbarity ' . one woman is seen cradling her child , while in another image a hostage sends a text message to a loved one . hearing shots , shoppers at the back of the store fled downstairs to the storeroom where they huddled together in temperatures of -3c ( 27f ) . fearing they would not escape alive , they made what they believed would be their last calls to family to tell them they loved them . one man , known only as ilan , was with his young son and quickly removed his jacket and wrapped him in it as they cowered in freezer for nearly five hours before coulibaly was shot dead . the kouachi brothers were also killed after three days of attacks that killed a total of 17 people and deeply shocked france and the world . hyper cacher finally reopened last month with a vow to ' show that life is stronger than barbarity ' .