bath abbey could be linked to the city 's roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs . the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring . the church of england’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . bath abbey ( pictured ) could have the world 's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in roman drains . the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring . the abbey , which lies at the heart of britain 's only world heritage city , was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two years ago . engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground . they hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey . church leaders believe the plans would provide a unique source of green energy for the abbey and help the 10th century building reconnect with the city 's roman roots . plans show how bath abbey will use water from the city 's ancient springs , which heat water used in its roan baths . waste water currently filters out to the river avon but could be put to use under the new scheme . an artist 's impression of plans for bath abbey shows how the ground will be excavated to create the heating system , new work space and song school . today , excavation work is taking place on kingston parade outside the visitor’s information centre to determine the feasibility of installing the system . each day , a quarter of a million gallons of hot water flow through the roman baths from the thermal spring located at the heart of the site . a large quantity of this hot water eventually ends up in the nearby river avon – passing through the great roman drain . the idea is , that it this waste water was harnessed correctly and converted , it could produce 1.5 megawatts of continuous energy – enough to heat bath abbey and the world-famous roman baths and pump room complex . engineers are currently digging 13 ft ( 4 metres ) below the ground to work out what lies in the space and if it could be suitable to house a thermal heat exchanger , which transfers heat from one medium to another . a spokesman for the project told mailonline that the investigations are in their infancy , but it appears that water levels may be too low to use in the great roman drain area , but that energy could be harnessed in the georgian part of the drain . a small scale trial is also underway to test how the heat can warm up different types of stone floors in the buildings . the church of england’s ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . the idea is that waste water from the baths escaping down the great roman drain would enter a hidden thermal heat exchange and heat the abbey ( illustrated above ) . engineers plan to tap the power of warm waste water from the roman bathing complex ( pictured ) . engineers are currently digging 13 ft ( 4 metres ) below the ground to work out what lies in the space and if it could be suitable to house a thermal heat exchanger . the plans for bath abbey 's underfloor heating may use modern technologies , but will make use of the same natural spring tapped by the romans . the romans came up with underfloor heating called a hypocaust , which heated houses and public spaces with hot air . the word comes from the ancient greek , where hypo means under and caust means burnt . romans used underfloor heating , or hypocausts to heat rooms at bath 's intricate bathing complex . here , you can see the pilae stacks though which hot air would have circulated to heat a tile floor on top . the floor was raised above the ground by pillars called pilae stacks and made of a layers of tiles sandwiched together with concrete . the air under the floor was heated by a furnace . walls were also made of hollow bricks so hot air could circulate through them , as well as below the tiles . rooms requiring the most heat were placed closest to the furnace , the heat of which could be adjusted by adding more wood to the fire . it was labour intensive to sun a hypocaust as the fire needed a lot of fuel and constant attention , meaning underfloor heating was used in large public buildings , luxurious villas and bath complexes . every day , a quarter of a million gallons of hot water flow through the roman baths from the thermal spring located at the heart of the site . a large quantity of this hot water eventually ends up in the nearby river avon ( pictured ) – passing through the great roman drain . the modern elements of the system would be hidden underground and an archaeologist will be working alongside the engineers to document any objects that may be uncovered by the excavation . once the investigation is complete , the ground will be covered back up and the engineers will work out how the thermal heat exchanger will be housed . charles curnock , footprint project director from bath abbey , said : ‘ an innovative thermal heating scheme using bath’s hot springs ticks all the right boxes , while providing a sustainable and eco-friendly solution for both the abbey and the roman baths & pump room complex . ’ two years ago , bath abbey rector edward mason said : ‘ these are ambitious plans which would allow us to capture an incredible and ancient natural resource which is currently being wasted . ‘ the abbey lies at the heart of what was once roman bath , and our architects have located a drain where spring water flows . ‘ as it stands , the water pours away and empties eventually into the avon . ‘ our plan is to remove the floor of the abbey , dig down and divert the drain and then pump the water through an underground heating system to warm the church . ‘ it would provide virtually all of the abbey 's heating and would give us a unique way to reduce our carbon footprint . ' today , excavation work is taking place on kingston parade outside the visitor’s information centre to determine the feasibility of installing the system a new work space could be created beneath the ground under the plans to excavate parts of bath abbey . some 850,000 litres of spring water which usually filters through to the river avon will be used to heat the abbey . an illustration of the city from above is shown .