bulgaria might not be the first hotspot that springs to mind for a summer holiday – but that could change after it was named europe 's cheapest destination yesterday . the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent . resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study . scroll down for video . affordable : bulgaria has been named europe 's cheapest destination , with black sea resorts like sunny beach ( pictured ) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities . hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of £37.39 for bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer . there was a bigger fall of 22 per cent for the algarve in portugal , taking the total cost to £44.02 , helping it beat spain 's costa del sol to become the second cheapest destination .  only in turkey , where inflation is 7.6 per cent – compared to virtually zero in britain and the eurozone – will britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive . the figures , compiled for the annual post office holiday costs barometer , show the spending basket in turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year , at £65.70 . bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . described by travel agents as ' lively ' , it has a wide sandy beach , high-rise hotels , bars , restaurants and water parks . it also has a long summer season from may to september and boasts around 300 days of sunshine year – more than miami beach in florida . peak-season return flights to burgas airport cost £400 a head . once there , a three-course meal for two with wine comes in at £19.60 , and a cup of coffee at 78p . the country , whose currency is the lev , also has some popular ski resorts . the research is good news for travellers to the algarve , which offers good-value restaurants , with a three-course meal for two including wine costing just £16.42 , while a coffee will set you back 52p . at the other end of the scale , sorrento in southern italy is the dearest resort . its basket costs £101.60 – almost three times bulgaria 's . holiday : bulgaria ( pictured ) is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . there , a cup of coffee comes in at £1.49 , while the three-course meal for two was a much dearer £52.24 . andrew brown , of post office travel money , said : ' meal prices can have a big impact on the holiday budget and make a big dent in holiday finances for people who plan to eat out every night . ' in the algarve , a three-course meal costs less than half the price in other resorts . be aware of what to expect before facing the bill . '