aaron hernandez saw his pcp-taking friends kill odin lloyd but did not commit the murder himself , his defense claimed in the closing arguments of his trial on tuesday . ' did he make all the right decisions ? no , ' defense attorney james sultan said . ' he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed ... a shocking killing committed by somebody he knew . he really did n't know what to do . so he just put one foot in front of the other . ' after closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution , the jury began their deliberations on tuesday afternoon . if convicted , hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison . the former new england patriots football player , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée 's sister . scroll down for video . on trial : aaron hernandez is seen in court on tuesday as his attorney shows a video of his home before closing arguments . his defense argued that he witnessed the killing of a friend but did not commit it himself . defiant : defense attorney james sultan holds a photo of the murder scene during closing arguments . prosecutor william mccauley points to hernandez on tuesday as he told jurors to simply look at the evidence . prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , picked up lloyd at his boston home before dawn on june 17 , 2013 , and drove him to an industrial park near hernandez 's house in north attleboro , massachusetts , where they shot him to death . surveillance video at hernandez 's home minutes after the shooting showed him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun . a joint found near lloyd 's body had hernandez 's and lloyd 's dna on it . murdered : semi-pro football player , odin lloyd , was shot dead near hernandez 's home in june 2013 . cellphone records shared in court also showed the men communicating with lloyd that night . surveillance video along the way showed hernandez driving the nissan shortly before lloyd 's sister saw him get into a silver car , a moment captured on a neighbor 's security camera . soon after , a toll booth camera caught the nissan leaving boston , while lloyd 's phone pinged several cell towers before stopping in north attleborough for good . his body was found in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home later that day . lloyd had been shot six times . in his closing arguments , assistant district attorney william mccauley told jurors to go through all the evidence . ' if you do that , you 'll get to where you need to go , which is to find the defendant guilty for the murder of odin lloyd , ' mccauley said . but the defense said the prosecution 's case failed to prove hernandez pulled the trigger . prosecutors have never presented a motive to jurors and sultan added on monday that hernandez and lloyd were friends who shared ' a passion for marijuana ' . ' obviously they were friends , ' sultan told the jury . ' they were future brothers-in-law . ' wallace and ortiz have also pleaded not guilty to murder charges and will be tried separately . both men used the drug pcp , according to attorneys and court documents , and the defense team has sought to link use of the drug with violent , unpredictable behavior in an apparent attempt to shift blame for the murder on the pair . blame game : attorneys from the defense team said carlos ortiz , left , and ernest wallace , right , were responsible for the murder - not hernandez . dna and surveillance footage ties all three to the scene . support : shayanna jenkins ( left ) , hernandez 's girlfriend , and his mother terri listen to the judge on tuesday . emotional : an uncle of odin lloyd is comforted as he hears details about his nephew 's death on tuesday . investigators say lloyd was shot multiple times with a glock .45-caliber handgun that has not been found . sultan said that after nine weeks of testimony , prosecutors ' still have n't proved to you who killed odin lloyd . ' during the trial , which started in late january , the prosecution called 131 witnesses while the defense called three . sultan also attacked the investigation , saying a shell casing removed from a rental car returned by hernandez had been contaminated with his client 's dna from a piece of chewing gum stuck to it . ' the investigation done in this case was incomplete , biased and inept . that was not fair to odin lloyd , that was not fair to aaron hernandez , and it was not fair to you , ' he said . ' all that effort and this is all they could come up with . what does that tell you ? ' eighteen jurors began the trial in january , but three were dismissed , including one who is accused of misrepresenting her answers during screening in a bid to get onto the jury . hernandez had a $ 41 million contract with the patriots . he was cut after being charged with lloyd 's killing in june 2013 . all smiles : the former new england patriots football player smiles during a conversation with his defense lawyer charles rankin on monday . his lawyers argued the prosecution has not proven he pulled the trigger .