on sunday night , at the stade velodrome , it’s the dockers against the dauphins . the stevedores against the stéphanes . marseille vs paris saint-germain — the hard-nosed , port-city , blue-collar roustabouts against the rich , privileged , capital-city-slickers . or at least , that’s the way many want it portrayed . the way many in marseille have always viewed it — and always will . the home side are ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of france’s last eight classique matches . paris saint-germain forward zlatan ibrahimovic controls the ball during their training session . psg defender david luiz , formerly of chelsea , pictured ahead of their clash with french rivals marseille . lucas moura runs during training as psg prepare to meet merseille on sunday night in ligue 1 . the fixture between blue-collar marseille and money-bags psg guarantees ferocity on sunday night . even if the title were not so finely balanced , this fixture guarantees ferocity . culturally , socially and historically , there is deep enmity . but it is also a contest which pitches marseille’s ultra-eccentric , ‘ is he a fraud/is he a genius ? ’ coach , marcelo bielsa , right where he wants to be . bear with me , we’ll return to that thought . so obsessive has bielsa been about football for so long that it has devoured him . the man who took 7,000 videos of matches , goals , players , free-kicks , corners and penalties with him to japan as coach of argentina at the 2002 world cup ( his team were knocked out in the first round ) has reached a stage whereby no matter how well he instructs , no matter how much sagacity there is in that strange old head of his bursting to get out , the damage inflicted by his relentless intensity makes the experience pyrrhic . however , in fairness , pyrrhic does mean victory — just at too great a cost . ergo , there has thus far been some success for the man who appointed him — marseille president vincent labrune . initially , he reckoned : ‘ getting marcelo , the perfect man for our project , was a huge stroke of luck . ‘ i still sometimes ask myself how on earth we managed to get a coach like bielsa . it’s a bit like signing lionel messi for 12 months…’ . the sentiment lasted until the argentine savaged labrune for his work in the late summer transfer market . publicly savaged him . with some justification , it must be said . marseille manager marcelo bielsa pictured during a press conference on friday ahead of the tie . marseille have not had this many points in ligue 1 at this stage since winning the title back in 2010 . the two men thrashed out a truce , which has held , in public at least , and that has yielded more of the ‘ ready brek’ glow which can envelop the early stages of a bielsa infestation . marseille have not had this many points at this stage since winning the title back in 2010 — only their second major trophy since 1992 . in terms of firepower and value for money , they have scored 21 and 26 goals more than the last two seasons respectively . at the volatile , passionate , but success-starved velodrome , the fans sing songs about argentina and chant bielsa’s name . in a blue-collar city where nobody says ‘ please ' , ' thank you’ or ‘ after you’ , the paying punter loves to hear stories of the players sweating , hard , for their salaries . yet the usual problems prevail . bielsa’s deal is for two years , but a ‘break’ clause is available to either side in june . he won’t even hint whether he’s going or staying . there are leaks that some players are exhausted . bielsa’s bible says , literally : ‘ running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything’ . at athletic bilbao , i know for a fact players still think he made them run through minor injuries , damaging their performances . javi martínez , if you got him to tell you the truth , left for bayern , in part , to get away from the guy . bielsa’s is the forrest gump method . bielsa pictured during the 2002 world cup in japan as argentina competed in group f . bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches , goals , players , free-kicks , corners and penalties with him to japan . after his first season with the basques ended in sequential 3-0 defeats in the europa league and copa del rey finals , he tried a ‘ but brutus is an honourable man’ speech on his players . in his 10-minute monologue he repeated his ‘ full responsibility’ but basically accused his squad of being cowardly , overpaid , shirkers who had bungled a chance of glory and betrayed the fans . someone in the dressing room recorded the fork-tongued diatribe and made the audio public . the ultimate betrayal , but caused by disengagement with the argentine . the plus-side — as with the athletic team which wowed europe en route to dismantling manchester united in 2013 — is that when his fanatical methods impact on his players and temporarily makes them super-fit , his teams can thrill . the down-side is the law of diminishing returns . something the local media understand far more quickly than anyone else . a couple of weeks ago , after a run of poor results , he lectured them . ‘it’s completely clear that you’ve got it all wrong , ’ he accused . ‘ in the first part of the season , when we were winning , i was “immense” and the whole of french football should “ adopt my methods” . now you say the opposite . bielsa’s bible states : ‘ running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything’ . ‘it’s what has happened to me for the last 30 years . in negative moments everyone abandons you . ‘ in life we are attracted by what smells good and we flee from what smells bad . success improves your aroma and defeat gives you an odour . nobody , nobody , will accompany you to gaining success but everyone will flock to you to share your success once it’s gained . ’ the latter part of which shouldn’t , really , have appealed to his players . they won the next match 6-1 at toulouse . psg are a different matter . but to return to the original idea , this is where ‘ el loco’ yearns to be . nelson vivas recalls that when bielsa’s argentina were playing colombia away , he came in from the warm-up and told them : ‘ in a street fight , there are two kinds of guy . the one who strikes , sees blood , is repelled and recoils . then there’s one who sees blood and goes all-in to finish off the other . well lads ... i swear i smell blood in the air out there . ’ so of what will bielsa smell on sunday night ? success ? failure ? blood ?