a paratrooper who braved heavy taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade received the victoria cross from the queen yesterday . she told lance corporal joshua leakey : ‘ i don’t get to give this one out very often . did you ever imagine you’d be standing here ? well done . ’ but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour – a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago . scroll down for video . the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey , who showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the taliban in august 2013 . it is just the sixth time the queen has given a vc to a living , british recipient during her reign . l/cpl leakey said he was ' uncomfortable ' about being singled out ahead of others in his regiment and insisted the battle was ' just one job , one patrol out of multiple patrols ' . l/cpl leakey is only the sixth living british soldier the queen has presented with his medal . he was invested in a ceremony at windsor castle . l/cpl leakey , of 1 para , is the third british serviceman to receive the vc for bravery during the afghanistan campaign but the other two awards were made posthumously . in 2013 , he braved heavy gunfire from 20 taliban insurgents in helmand to rush to the aid of a wounded us marine . he also took control of a machine gun post to begin the fightback , then ran down a barren hillside , dodging a hail of bullets , picked up another machine gun and continued the battle in which 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded . according to the official citation , l/cpl leakey , who is single and from hampshire , showed ‘ complete disregard for his own safety’ as his unit came under attack for around an hour . the paratrooper shared a brief exchange with the queen as he was awarded the honour at windsor castle . he said the queen told him : ' i do n't get to give this one out very often ' . special medal : the vc can be awarded to all ranks of the services - and also to civilians - to recognise gallantry in the presence of the enemy . lance corporal leakey showed ' complete disregard ' for his own safety during the firefight in august 2013 . it added : ‘ displaying gritty leadership well above that expected of his rank , lance corporal leakey’s actions single-handedly regained the initiative and prevented considerable loss of life , allowing a wounded officer to be evacuated . ’ speaking after the investiture , l/cpl leakey said : ‘it’s such a great honour and massively humbling to be put among all those people who have received the vc in the past . ‘ my family are very proud and happy but the lads in the battalion know this isn’t something you seek out . ‘ you just do what you deem necessary on the day and any one of them could be standing where i am today . ‘it’s great for my family , my friends , my regiment – but it does for me highlight the sacrifice everyone’s made in afghan , not just in terms of the loss of life and limbs but people going away for months on end . ’ his parents , rosemary and mark leakey , who saw him receive his medal from the queen , said : ‘it’s been a very emotional , a very moving occasion . 'we’re just so delighted that josh is here in one piece to receive the honour with his family and all the paras , especially when you hear that so many vcs are awarded posthumously . ‘ we were particularly pleased his grandparents were able to be here too – three generations together and representing all three services : royal navy with his grandfather , raf father and josh the army . ’ emotional : lance corporal leakey being hugged by chief of the general staff , general sir nicholas carter ( right ) , after he was named as being awarded the vc at lancaster house in london in february . l/cpl leakey is the second member of his family to receive the award , following his second cousin twice removed , nigel leakey ( right ) , who fought in the second world war . proud family : ( l-r ) lance corporal joshua leakey 's uncle lieutenant general david leakey , the gentleman usher of the black rod , alongside his brother ben , mother rosie and father mark in westminster . the wounded us marine who l/cpl leakey rescued described how the para ran through a hail of machine gunfire to save him . captain brandon bocian said : ‘ i hadn’t met l/cpl leakey prior to that day but am grateful for his actions . the fact that he chose to leave his position to help me speaks of his courage and character . i am happy to hear that he is being formally recognised . ’ l/cpl leakey’s distant cousin sergeant nigel gray leakey received the vc posthumously for his gallantry in an attack on italian tanks in east africa in 1941 . the 28-year-old , who was serving in the king’s african rifles , leapt on a tank , wrenched open the turret and shot dead the crew but was killed trying to repeat the feat on another tank . born in kenya , he was the son of arundell gray leakey – a cousin of louis leakey , the prominent kenyan archaeologist . according to the official citation , the 1 para hero showed ' complete disregard for his own safety ' as the force came under attack from around 20 insurgents armed with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades in helmand province . the firefight lasted for around an hour . ' displaying gritty leadership well above that expected of his rank , lance corporal leakey 's actions single-handedly regained the initiative and prevented considerable loss of life , allowing a wounded officer to be evacuated , ' the citation said . a us marine corps captain was shot and wounded and the force 's communications had gone down . first , lance corporal leakey dashed across a barren hillside which was being raked with enemy fire and undeterred by the ' very clear and present danger ' , he gave first aid to the wounded officer . but with the ' snap and crack ' of enemy fire all around him , he realised that two of his group 's machine gun teams had been surrounded . a member of lance corporal leakey 's regiment in afghanistan in 2008 , where soldiers were regularly involved in intense fire fights with the taliban . file photo . despite being the most junior member of the force he took control of the situation and began the casualty evacuation . he went back up the hill and took control of one of the machine guns – with bullets ricocheting off the gun 's frame – before running down again , drawing enemy fire . his ' courageous ' action spurred those around him to fight back with renewed ferocity . but the firefight continued . lance corporal leakey , ' with the full knowledge of the dangers ' , exposed himself to taliban fire once more . weighed down with 60lb of equipment , he ran to the bottom of the hill , picked up a second machine gun and climbed back up the hill . drawing the majority of enemy fire , with rounds flying past his head , he opened fire . then he handed over the machine gun to a comrade and supervised the evacuation of the wounded officer . during the battle 11 insurgents were killed and four wounded . the marine officer made a full recovery .