if a golf course were to be created in hell it might resemble the now serene landscape of gallipoli , where the blood of thousands was spilled a century ago in one of world war i’s most spectacular allied failures . an eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of this peninsula and , in the bright spring sunshine , there could scarcely be a more peaceful spot for a sunday afternoon stroll . but a chill is never far from the spine , whatever the temperature . scroll down for video . sulva bay , gallipoli peninsula , turkey , where in the world war i there were nearly 400,00 allied casualties . in the early hours of today , 25 april 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when , at 0430 , allied troops landed at a point where asia meets europe , anzac cove , to commence the disastrous dardanelles campaign . thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war . today this beautiful turkish isthmus , facing the aegean to the west , the dardanelles straits and the sea of marmara to the east , is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes , mountain tracks and undulating greenery . allied soldiers land and begin the attack at gallipoli , sometimes known as the dardanelles campaign . people have been gathering the graves at beach cemetery at gallipoli to mark the campaigns 's centenary . allied cemeteries at gallipoli are kept immaculately by the commonwealth war graves commission . a cross left by a visitor at a graveside in gallipoli bearing a personal thanks to the one of the soldiers killed . on a visit ahead of the poignant anniversary , we wandered among anzac’s sea-facing white headstones before heading down to the tip of the peninsula . here stands one of the most magnificent of the cemeteries , the helles memorial to the british . troops are remembered in row upon row of immaculate commonwealth war graves and huge expanses of dazzling white marble , etched with the names of the fallen , which circle the cemetery . accompanied by a feral dog and her puppies , we strolled down the dirt track to v beach cemetery where the sea laps below the walls and where two irish battalions were laid to rest . the mighty ruined fortress of seddülbahir , brought to its knees by allied naval firepower in 1915 , overlooks the cemetery . the ruins of the fortress at seddülbahir in gallipoli - its name in turkish means ' barrier to the sea ' . seaside homes dot the flat sands and yellow sandstone bluffs rise out of the aegean . in the valleys between the cliffs , olive and tamaris trees grow down the steep escarpments . we stopped for a stiff coffee at a modest coffee house on the square , opposite the mosque at sedd al bahr , and watched the fishermen’s tiny rowing boats bobbing in the slack waters of cape helles . a far cry from the fateful morning of april 25 1915 , when one of the bloodiest and most ill-conceived campaigns of the first world war kicked off , a campaign which almost brought to an end the career of its main instigator , winston churchill , and which witnessed almost 400,000 casualties . the allied plan was as brilliantly simple in conception as it was hopeless in execution : secure the straits and take constantinople , giving access to the black sea to supply the russians in order to free up a new line of attack on the germans . it would also pull in the greeks and bulgarians , ancient enemies of the ottoman turks , and hey presto , the stalemate of the western front would be suddenly transformed into a glorious victory from the east . churchill , who was first lord of the admiralty , had underestimated the strength of the turkish troops , under the command of modern turkey’s founding father , kemal atatürk , and had overestimated the potency of his own superannuated fleet , which fell easy prey to the mines and coastal gun batteries . churchill ( left ) had been a soldier , but in 1916 underestimated the turkish forces led by atatürk ( right ) . if the naval thrust was a failure , his attempt to consolidate on land was a calamity , and after nine months of blistering summer heat and frostbitten winter nights the ragbag army of dysentery-ridden men was evacuated the following december and january , and churchill was forced to resign his post . the easiest way to access the peninsula is from the port of canakkale , which is a quick ferry ride across the narrowest section of the straits . the gallipoli war museum ( canakkale destani tanitim merkezi ) , is well hidden from view but well worth finding . this 5,600 square metre visitor centre , on the road to kabatepe , was commissioned by the army and the ministry of defence and was only recently finished . it is an architectural triumph that does justice to its subject . the gallipoli war museum has many relics from the campaign from both the allies and turkish sides . in addition to 11 rooms , with cinema screens shockingly simulating what it was like in the trenches of gallipoli . there are also some rather more prosaic offerings which carry poignant memento mori : bullets with bullet holes in them as well as atatürk’s waistcoat and dress shoes . there are also letters , watches , mangled boots and water canteens that would be inadequate for a summer school trip to longleat safari park . items of clothing worn in battle by mustafa kemal atatürk who commanded the turkish forces at gallipoli . the battle sites and 31 memorials to the 130,000 dead covers a surprisingly small area . this is because allied troops were unable to make much headway against the ferocious onslaught of atatürk’s men . heat , exhaustion , illness and difficult terrain also dogged every step . with an impressive flourish of national pride , the turkish government has declared the whole area a historic park , to show the futility of war . up at chunuk bair , where the allies enjoyed a shortlived victory , the trenches have been preserved . you can look down on suvla bay 540m below , where british troops landed , and walk a few hundred metres along the preserved dug-outs in the footsteps of new zealand’s wellington battalion , before visiting the new zealand monument . here , a statue to atatürk , the allies’ nemesis , celebrates the moment when a fob watch covering his heart prevented a bullet from possibly changing the course of modern history . from the australian monument at lone pine there are views across the peninsula , from the aegean to the dardanelles . nearby is kiliçbayiri , the memorial to the turkish 57th infantry regiment , which was wiped out following the allied landings at anzac . atatürk , the 19th division commander , famously told his men : `` i am not ordering you to attack . i am ordering you to die . during the time before we die other forces and commanders will take our place . `` the great man , of course , lived to tell the tale . before taking the 10-minute ferry back across the straits to canakkale we walked through the french memorial at morto bay . lined by rosemary bushes , baytrees and well-ordered flowerbeds , this is perhaps the biggest and most atmospheric of them all , with 3,236 graves and four ossuaries containing the bones of 12,000 unidentifiable soldiers . it surprises many to learn that more french soldiers were killed at gallipoli than australians and new zealanders combined . mark porter was a guest of the turkish culture and tourism office . for more information on turkish holiday , visit www.gototurkey.co.uk . turkish airlines flies form the uk to various turkish destinations . hotel tusan organises trips to the battlefields . such a pity that so few french visit . we returned to the hotel tusan , near canakkale , haunted by a hellish vision of the past made all the more poignant by the tranquillity which pervades the present . while the 100th anniversary itself is going to be a tad too busy for most , the museum and historic park are open to all 365-days a year . for those unable to make the celebrations on the day , there is always a fallback position : russell crowe’s film about it , the water diviner , is out now .