police searching for missing student karen buckley have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with her death after discovering human remains on a farm outside glasgow . officers made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land on the outskirts of milngavie , some nine miles from the scottish city . although formal identification is yet to take place , a police spokesman said miss buckley 's family had been informed . police hunting for karen buckley have found ' human remains ' on a farm outside the city and arrested a man ' in connection with her death ' . police have taped off high craigton farm near milngavie to the north of glasgow after making the discovery . a number of plastic barrels were examined during the search , as well as a large metal container . investigating : two police stand near a sign for high craigton farm near bearsden , outside glasgow . probe : a police scotland van was among the vehicles parked at high craigton farm near bearsden last night . yesterday , police investigating the nurse 's disappearance said they were following a ' definite line of enquiry ' . last night police moved their search from a park in glasgow - where the nurse 's handbag had been found - to a farm , graveyard and golf course near a rural road in the stirlingshire countryside . police then cordoned off land to the north of glasgow , near high craigton farm and windyhill golf club . the land lies near bearsden , on a country road between milngavie and drymen . one of the fire service vehicles was said to be an environmental protection unit , which deals with incidents involving hazardous chemicals and environmental contamination . earlier this morning , a police scotland spokesman said : ' police scotland officers have recovered human remains on a farm in the north glasgow , on the outskirts of milngavie . ' formal identification has yet to take place , however , police believe that they may be those of missing woman karen buckley . relatives are aware . enquiries are continuing . ' miss buckley 's parents , who had flown over from ireland to join the hunt , said yesterday that their daughter 's disappearance was totally out of character and that they were ' desperate ' for her safe return . the probe had been stepped up amid ' grave concerns ' for the 24-year-old 's welfare . ms buckley , originally from cork , was last seen on cctv leaving the city 's sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1am on sunday . karen buckley , 24 , pictured ( far left ) with friends before going to a nightclub on the night she went missing . a spokesman for police scotland said last night that officers are now following ' a definite line of inquiry ' . police yesterday sealed off high craigton farm near bearsden , outside glasgow , in the search for ms buckley . sniffer dogs , forensic teams and specialist divers were all involved in the search . last night , there was intense activity at the farm when fire engines and major incident trucks moved in . this map shows the outbuildings in woods near to high craigton farm , between glasgow and the stirlingshire village of drymen , where ' human remains ' were found . he told police he thought she was fine and had arranged transport home , some four miles across the city . but she never arrived . yesterday , officers searched a park in the north-east of the city , dawsholm park . miss buckley 's black handbag - which she was carrying on the night of her disappearance - was later found there by a member of the public . divers also searched the river kelvin , which borders the area . a police helicopter also circled between the villages of milngavie and drymen , where a grey car linked to the search was seen on monday . with the time since miss buckley went missing passing 70 hours , police stepped up the search yesterday . yesterday , forensics teams searched around the flat where she was last seen , as concerns grew about her safety . detective superintendent jim kerr has said : ' our absolute priority is to find karen buckley ' . the student is said to have left a flat in the north-west of the city at 4am intending to walk home . friends say miss buckley had left the nightclub in the early hours of sunday morning without collecting her coat , telling them she was going to the toilet . they have since said that miss buckley had been drinking but was not drunk . cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into a car and travelling to his flat in nearby kelvindale . miss buckley , who is brunette and 5ft 2in , was wearing a black jumpsuit and red heels when she was seen leaving the flat in kelvindale at around 4am . a team of police officers resume the search for miss buckley in dawsholm park in glasgow yesterday morning . the family of miss buckley , who is from cork in the republic of ireland , have flown to scotland to help with the search for the glasgow caledonian university student . her mother marion told a press conference in glasgow : ' we just want karen home safely , we are desperate . she is our only daughter , we love her dearly . ' if anybody has any information please come forward , we would dearly appreciate it . ' her father john buckley , 62 , added : ' we are extremely concerned for her . we are desperate to get her back and safe with her family - she is our only daughter , we love her dearly and just want her to come home safe and sound . ' she always keeps in contact with her family and friends to let them know where she is and what she is up to . ' to not return to her flat or be in contact with her pals - not responding to texts and calls to her mobile is very , very worrying as it is so out of character . ' two months ago miss buckley moved to glasgow two months ago to study occupational therapy at the university . she previously worked as a nurse in essex . police have found miss buckley 's handbag , believed to be that circled ( left ) , in a park where the search continued yesterday ( right ) . as well as a thorough search of dawsholm park , officers were seen scouring the gardens near a flat . they taped off a large pile of rubbish around the back of the building and sifted through the bins and waste . detective superintendent jim kerr , from police scotland 's major investigations teams , said yesterday : ' we 've traced the man she was with in dorchester avenue . he believes he was intimate with her at his flat consensually in the early hours of sunday . ' the police officer added : ' from what we can see , she does not appear to be under duress , there 's no signs of a struggle or reluctance on her part to leave the club . ' police are also keen to find out more about a grey car that was seen on the roads between milngavie and drymen north of glasgow between 11am and 3pm on monday . mr kerr said : ' the activity of this grey car on the monday is something that we 're a wee bit concerned about . this car has been seen at various locations on these roads and i want to know why . ' speaking of miss buckley , mr kerr added : ' we know she left the club with her handbag – which has been found - but left her coat behind and so far has not returned to pick it up . ' why she left so suddenly without telling her friends we just do n't know – it was very much out of character – she is usually very good at keeping in touch with pals . ' miss buckley 's parents marian and john have travelled to glasgow from cork to help in the search . he added : ' we are gravely concerned that karen has come to some harm , whether that is down to foul play , criminality or she has taken unwell or had an accident is obviously still to be established . ' meanwhile , in ms buckley 's home in north cork a special prayer service was arranged for local people to show support for the family . the private mass of hope , as it was being described , was held last night at the church of saint michael the archangel , mourneabbey , near the town of mallow . william crean , catholic bishop of cloyne , led the prayers and urged the people of mourneabbey to pray for ms buckley 's safe return and to pray for her parents , and her brothers brendan , kieran and damian . ' i invite all people of goodwill to join with me in prayer for everyone who is involved in the search for karen at this time , ' he said . the search continued this morning as officers combed the area for potential clues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .