breakfast tv queen lorraine kelly has revealed the secret to her trim new look in an interview , and surprisingly , it does n't involve diets . it turns out the 55-year-old has been attending regular zumba classes , and it 's paid off . the scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes - up to four times a week - has helped her drop two dress sizes , from a 14 to a 10 . scroll down for video . lorraine kelly ( pictured left ) has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular zumba classes with her instructor , maxine jones ( pictured right ) . zumba is a fitness programme , combining latin and international music , and incorporates aerobic elements across various styles of dance . the classes vary in price , but average at about £5 . in an interview with woman , kelly gushed about her zumba instructor , maxine jones . she said : ' maxine 's changed my life . i have more energy now and that helps me look and feel younger . ' in the interview , the 55-year-old also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss . as the presenter of her own eponymous itv show , which airs early in the morning every weekday , it 's understandable that feeling good in front of the camera is important to kelly . the 55-year old is no stranger to exercise , and ran the london marathon back in 2010 . zumba is a dance fitness programme that combines several dance styles and aerobic activity . she explained : ' i 've never had a waist before , i did n't have that curviness , but now i have and i look better . ' i 'm a size 10 and i love being able to go into the shops and buy a top because i like it and not because i want to hide my bottom . ' kelly also explained that zumba had helped her develop a new-found confidence , and that at the age of 55 , she had more confidence than she had ever felt . she added : ' i was never unfit , but i was never truly fit . i 'd done marathons but more out of determination . ' but zumba is so much fun…i feel more confident now in my fifties than i have ever felt . confidence comes from within . ' and lorraine also found a friend for life in instructor maxine . maxine started instructing in 2011 , and prior to this , had been a banker for 20 years . she explained : ' maxine 's more like a friend now – she makes me laugh . ' she 's 45 and i 'm 55 ­– we always joke that our combined ages add up to 100 ! ' the 55-year-old spoke to woman magazine about how attending zumba classes up to four times a week had helped her drop two dress sizes .