after west ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week , manager sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any premier league club in a long time . ahead of their relocation to the olympic stadium in a year’s time , the hammers became the first club to drop the price of their season tickets off the back of the premier league’s record three-year , £5.13bn television deal , which comes into effect at the start of the 2016-17 season . west ham’s cheapest adult season ticket for that campaign will cost £289 – a considerable saving on the £620 equivalent this season . and allardyce feels this is a shrewd business decision by the club , as maintaining a capacity crowd at their new 54,000-seat stratford home will be important for west ham . manager sam allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . west ham became the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices for fans . ‘ what we’ve announced has to be the best piece of business , for me , seen in the premier league for a long , long time , ’ allardyce said . ‘ the most important thing at a football club is to fill the stadium . ‘ obviously it’s not from a revenue base like it used to be . the revenue base for a football club used to be the sustainability of the club in my years before the premier league and before sky made it a worldwide brand . west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year . an artist 's impression of what the olympic stadium will look like during a west ham match . 'it’s about creating the atmosphere in a stadium that thrills not only the fans there , but the players who respond to that . ‘ i think we keep demanding too much financially from the fan . and i think , when you look at where the country has come from since 2008 , people are working harder and longer for less . ‘ we have to take in mind where they are , and while our money has increased from a revenue point of view , it would be very light-heartening to see that benefit going back to the actual fans who come and watch . ’ 