most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date . but not joy webb . the 17-year-old albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend . webb told daily mail online that she asked her 80-year-old ' poppa ' james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself . drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war . scroll down for video . not your typical prom date : joy webb ( left ) took her 80-year-old grandfather james drain as her date to prom this past saturday night . celebrating their first prom together : webb ( left ) told daily mail online that she decided to bring her grandfather since he never got to attend his own prom . drain ( right ) enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the korean war when his own prom happened . ' i think prom is kind of a big thing for everybody . most everybody remembers going to their prom and i wanted him to have that experience too , ' joy told daily mail online . so joy asked her principal for permission , and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit . about a month ago , when her grandfather was over for dinner , joy asked if he would be her date and he agreed . ' she said `` i would love that ! you’re the one i wanted ! hey , will you come to the prom with me and be my beau ? '' and i said i sure will ! ' drain told whnt about the sweet promposal . like most prom nights , the festivities kicked off at joy 's house where she pinned a boutonniere on her poppa and he wrapped a corsage around her wrist . they then took pictures in front of the house in their evening wear , marking another first for drain who has never worn a tuxedo . getting ready : on saturday night , drain came over to his granddaughter 's house and the two swapped a boutonniere and corsage for the event . prom pictures : then , like typical prom dates , the two posted for pictures outside joy 's house in their evening wear . family photo : after having a pre-prom dinner , joy and her grandfather went on a horse and carriage ride around town . drain then escorted his granddaughter to mater 's restaurant for prom dinner , where he had a special surprise waiting for the granddaughter he calls ' princess ' . after finishing their meal , the two took a horse and carriage ride around the town before dropping them off at the school for the dance . ' we were the first ones on the dance floor because my poppa loves to dance , ' joy said . joy says her grandfather and grandmother used to go dancing all the time , but that they had to stop a few years ago when her grandmother got sick . her grandmother died two years ago on thanksgiving , and joy says her grandfather now commutes to a senior center in a nearby town ever friday night to dance . ' he inspires us to keep living no matter what happens , ' joy said . drain was apparently the life of the party at the prom , with joy 's friends coming over to say high to and dance with the man they so often see at show choir and band concerts . life of the party : joy says her friends were excited when they learned that she would be bringing her ' poppa ' to prom . pictured joy pictured above with friends in pictures posted to facebook ( center in left image , right in right image ) . ' all my friends know him and everybody just loves him . when they found out that i was bringing him they were all like `` yes , i love your poppa ! '' ' it was a great night . once everyone else kind of left , we were literally the only people left and they started playing elvis and ' the twist ' and we kept on dancing until they finally turned the lights on . ' it was just a fabulous night . ' joy says her grandfather had a great time and even asked if they could go again together next year . ' and i was like `` of course we are ! '' '