ever wondered where footballers chill out after training ? well here 's your answer as alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex . former liverpool defender arbeloa explained what ciudad real madrid , the name given to the la liga outfit 's training ground , has to offer during the behind-the-scenes guided trip around the club 's facilities . joined by team-mates illarramendi and nacho , arbeloa starts off by revealing that real madrid 's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club 's hq . real madrid trio alvaro arbeloa ( left ) , asier illarramendi ( centre ) and nacho gave adidas a tour of their hq . the real madrid trio were joined by adidas presenter roman kemp during the behind-the-scenes tour . real madrid 's first-team stars have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax . former liverpool defender arbeloa points to gareth bale 's room during the guided tour . each player has their own personalised room in the complex , which is part-owned by the council , where they can rest before and after training or ahead of a home game . there are also communal suites where real madrid stars such as cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez can socialise in their spare time . and there 's no chance of the players getting bored as the club provide games consoles , basketball machines , ping-pong tables and a host of other fun activities . the personalised rooms are the most extravagant part of real madrid 's hq as players can only access their own suite by a finger recognition system fitted on the door . bale 's room is the next port of call but presenter roman kemp is unable to gain access as the world 's most expensive player is not in . each room is fitted with a recognition system , here illarramendi opens his room by using his index finger . real madrid-crested pillows and a fully equipped en suite are among the facilities inside the room . a closer look of the real madrid-crested pillows which are located in the apartments at the training ground . the real madrid players also have their name and image displayed on their personalised tv . we are allowed a glimpse of one of the rooms , which arbeloa explains ' are all the same ' , as illarramendi opens his door after passing his index finger across the security system . the rooms contain a luxury bed along with real madrid-crested pillows , a fully equipped en suite , and a personalised tv which displays the player 's name and picture . and that 's not all as the rooms have a balcony which is just a stone 's throw away from real madrid 's training pitches . ' after dinner we sometimes come up here and chat , ' reveals illarramendi . the spanish midfielder 's room overlooks real madrid castilla 's practice area , which is surrounded by trees to protect the facilities from sudden gusts of wind . real madrid fans will be hoping arbeloa , illarramendi , nacho and co have been able to get plenty of rest in their ' footballer 's crib ' ahead of their quarter-final champions league tie against atletico madrid . the european champions face atletico at the vicente calderon on tuesday night with the return leg taking place next week . trophies and images of former real madrid legends are on display in the state-of-the-art complex . the rooms at real madrid 's top-of-the-range hq are located next to the club 's training pitches . real madrid 's training ground , which is part-owned by the council , is situated near barajas airport . the club 's players can eat at ciudad real madrid before practising their football skills on the training pitch . one man who will be hoping real can become the first club to retain europe 's most prestigious competition is former captain fernando hierro . the real madrid assistant coach has also taken time out of his busy schedule to show off his personal compartment at the training ground . joined by adidas presenter layla anna-lee , hierro praises the club 's facilities before explaining his delight at being able to win the champions league on three separate occasions during his time at the santiago bernabeu . adidas presenter layla anna-lee knocks on fernando hierro 's door before meeting the real assistant . former real madrid centre back hierro praises the club 's facilities and reflects on his successful career . ' i was lucky to win our ninth european cup as captain , but in my opinion the beginning of the modern era was in 1998 when we became champions after 32 years . ' this team are the current champions but as far as i know , no team has ever won the champions league two consecutive times . that 's a nice challenge . ' this team has to win , this team loves to win . it lives together with victory and with great achievements and that 's a lot of pressure because everyday you must wake up thinking that you must work to try to become the best . ' 