at first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school . in a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer . but they’re not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad . what they’re doing is far more pernicious — and will be horrifying to parents everywhere . scroll down for video . in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets ( picture posed by model ) . ‘ this is mine and eleanor’s hot-or-not video , ’ announces zoe , waving a list of her classmates’ names at the camera . then she settles down — seemingly without any comprehension of the genie she is unleashing from its bottle — to publicly deem each one of them as either ‘hot’ or ‘not’ . it’s hard to think of a more spiteful game . ‘ if we say you are not pretty or good looking , don’t get offended , ’ pipes up eleanor , issuing the standard disclaimer for videos of this kind . ‘it’s just our opinion ! ’ the roll-call then begins . ‘ anna wright’ is the first of the 30 names on the list to be read out as if from a class register . ‘ hot ! ’ the girls immediately exclaim in unison . next is charlotte davies . ‘ hot ! ’ is the decree . the name of a third classmate , however , is met with a pause just long enough for the girls to exchange knowing smirks . ‘ not hot . sorry ! ’ they chime in high voices which belie the cruelty of what they’re saying . remember , these girls , and the objects of their derision , are no more than ten or 11 . and they’re far from alone . i’ve discovered that these kinds of scenes are being played out in children’s bedrooms across the country . seven more classmates , both boys and girls , get the thumbs-down . as soon as the last judgment is handed down , the girls sign off with a satisfied : ‘ thanks for watching ! ’ they then upload the video to youtube for everyone to see . in just a few days , the clip gets 120 views , suggesting no one in their class — or perhaps their school — has missed it . but what people will miss is the sight of the stricken faces of the children so cruelly dismissed , the tears shed into pillows , and the bravery needed to go to school the next day . of course , cruelty among children has existed since the words ‘ no , you can’t play with us’ were first uttered . but this is a new , more public humiliation . scroll through youtube and you’ll find ‘hot-or-not’ videos by girls who look no older than nine . thousands more can be found on facebook pages . these all seem to be filmed in bedrooms and verdicts delivered with a brutal certainty even katie hopkins would baulk at . there are variations — one angelic-looking little girl called brianna used ‘perfect’ or ‘ not perfect’ . she’s had 2,000 views so far . as a parenting expert who’s written five books on raising children , i know the effect this could have on those deemed ‘ not hot’ . and coming at such a critical time in their lives , when youngsters are looking to their peers to help them work out who they are , those effects can be life-long . the fact ‘hot-or-not’ videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . my worry is that youngsters internalise these labels and start bullying themselves , telling themselves they are ugly and they can do nothing about it . feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down . the fact ‘hot-or-not’ videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down ( picture posed by models ) . and if they feel they do not belong , they often start to avoid school . meanwhile , those who feel ugly or not good enough rarely join in class discussions , for fear of drawing attention to their appearance . indeed , more than six out of ten children who have been bullied said it had a detrimental effect on their education , according to a survey by charity ditch the label . even worse , almost one in three bullied children goes on to self-harm , with 10 per cent attempting to kill themselves . who knows what nightmares this new type of bullying will cause ? living up to these ideals of beauty is one of many pressures bearing down on 15-year-old alannya blackmore as she prepares to take her gsces this summer . alannya , who lives near yeovil , somerset , has been on the receiving end of some of the judgments passed down in the 50 or so videos made by fellow pupils at her school , an oversubscribed academy rated ‘ good with outstanding features’ by ofsted . although she has been mainly rated ‘hot’ , she has also been dismissed as ‘not’ in some clips . when she describes her experiences , it offers a glimpse into a brutal world in which youngsters’ popularity is dictated by looks and the ‘in’ girls seek to maintain their classroom pecking order by passing down decrees on others . as girls grow up , the prettiest rise to the top of the popularity poll , and it is this group , says alannya , who are more likely to feel entitled to declare from up high who also makes the grade . she says : ‘ if you are judged to be “not” , you don’t say anything as you don’t want the others to think you are upset . but it’s humiliating because it’s so public . some people will try to change the way they look because of it . there are loads of these videos . there are so many of them on people’s facebook pages as well as youtube — and there’s nothing adults can do . ’ ‘ hot or not’ started off as an american phenomenon , where young women would put a picture of themselves online and be rated by other users . in the uk , it morphed into the version we have today . some youngsters justify these videos by saying classmates can put themselves forward to be rated by ‘liking’ a status announcement saying someone at their school is planning to film one . sadly , it’s often the most insecure youngsters , aching to be accepted by the pretty girls who make these videos , who volunteer . they’re seeking validation they won’t get . so why is such ruthlessness starting ever younger ? one reason is puberty is kicking in earlier , with as many as one in seven girls showing signs of breast development ( with the associated surges in hormones ) aged just eight . girls can also be allowed by their parents to grow up too soon , so they act like teenagers without the maturity to understand the consequences of their actions . in a world where girls grow up feeling like they are in a constant beauty contest — half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , and a fifth of those under 11 have already been on a diet — these ‘hot-or-not’ videos should hardly surprise us . and middle-class girls are most likely to post these videos , as their families more often own ipads and computers . middle-class values also make them more likely to want to look a certain way and avoid conflict , says rachel simmons , author of best-selling book odd girl out . that also means any anger and aggression comes out in indirect ways — such as those brutal video judgments . what is so shocking is their total disregard for others’ feelings . but in an age where children spend longer in front of a screen than with friends , one result is that they’re not learning social skills or empathy . indeed , they may be genuinely unaware of the impact . throw into the mix that they see adults being just as judgmental on some of our most popular tv shows — the x factor , britain’s got talent , the apprentice — and it’s easy to see where they get the idea that being nasty wins friends . ‘ you are showing children that it’s entertaining to you — that normalises it , ’ says rosalind wiseman , author of self-help book queen bees and wannabes . but there may be a glimmer of hope . in a clip in another bedroom , sophie , yet another girl in her early teens , signs off her youtube video — which was viewed 13,000 times — saying : ‘ if it offends anyone , i am not sorry . i don’t care because i am just telling the truth . ’ the comments posted by viewers make clear that some of her peers see life very differently . ‘ everyone is beautiful in their own way . what is the point of doing these videos ? ’ asks one . ‘ i can only hope that one day , you’ll understand what a terrible thing this is to do , ’ adds another . let’s hope parents can help that message spread before too many young lives are damaged . some names have been changed . tanith carey is author of girls uninterrupted : steps for building stronger girls in a challenging world , published by icon books , £7.99 . 