it has been described as a durable and scratch resistant smartwatch and is a considerable investment , costing from $ 349 ( £299 ) . but the apple watch sport model has been to shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet ( 1.2 metres ) . apple claims its watch , which has an ion-x glass display , is ' protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that 's especially resistant to scratches and impact . ' scroll down for video . smash : the apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily ( pictured ) after being dropped from a height of just under four feet ( 1.2 metres ) . the model has an ion-x glass display which is supposed to be ' resistant to scratches and impact ' . in a video , techrax drops the 42mm timepiece from a height of four feet ( 1.2 metres ) to simulate what may happen if a wearer drops their watch while tightening or unfastening the strap . when techrex dropped the watch ‘ not aiming at the display , ’ in a test conducted in sacramento , california , it survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when the timepiece hit the pavement . however , when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first , the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact . in the video he exclaims : ' are you serious apple ? that wasn’t even that bad . that was about three-and-a-half feet ! ' deep impact : when online tester techrex dropped the watch ‘ not aiming at the display , ’ in a test conducted in sacramento , california , it survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when the timepiece hit the pavement . however , when it landed on its face ( pictured ) , it smashed instantly . the watch has ' high performance ' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case , that 's 60 per cent stronger than standard aluminium , but is just as light . the apple watch sport ( pictured ) has high performance ' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case . the tester added : ‘ i found it amazing that the amount of shatter that occurred was so tremendous . ' when he threw the watch down with force , the screen came off completely . damage to the screen , such as chips , scratches or indeed shattering , is not covered by the watch 's warranty and is expensive to fix , macrumours reports . damage eligible for warranty service includes debris under the screen , a loose back cover and condensation in the heart rate monitor sensor windows . macrumours also discovered that in the us owners will have to pay repairs fees of $ 229 , $ 329 and $ 2,800 for the sport , watch and edition models respectively to fix a cracked or missing crown , missing buttons , or screen damage , for example . it is not known how much these repairs will cost in the uk and other regions and mailonline has contacted apple for comment . by comparison , the apple watch , which costs from $ 549 ( £479 ) and apple watch edition from $ 12,000 ( £8,000 ) have different screens made of sapphire glass . in a recent test , repair specialists in cardiff showed that the 38mm sapphire screen remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . broken : when the tester threw the watch down with force the screen came off completely ( pictured ) . techrex said : ‘ i found it amazing that the amount of shatter that occurred was so tremendous ' . by comparison , the apple watch , which costs from $ 549 ( £479 ) and apple watch edition from $ 12,000 ( £8,000 ) , have screens made of sapphire glass . in a recent test conducted by repair specialists in cardiff , the 38mm sapphire screen remained scratch-free after being subjected to sandpaper and and hit with a hammer . but some early adopters of the apple watch have complained its stainless steel case scratches easily , according to 9to5mac . the 316l steel used is cold-forged to be ' extra hard ' , but it seems to scratch in a similar way to the back of an ipod . but it 's not all doom and gloom for apple watch owners . another test has shown that the sport model does live up to apple 's waterproof claims . unhappy : some early adopters of the apple watch have complained that its stainless steel case ( pictured ) scratches easily , much like the back of an ipod . waterproof : but another test has shown that the apple watch sport lives up to apple 's waterproof claims after surviving 15 minutes in a swimming pool ( shown above ) . apple 's ceo , tim cook previously said that he showers wearing his apple watch and apple said the sport edition has an ipx7 water-resistance rating , which means it can be submerged up to 3ft ( 1 metre ) underwater for 30 minutes . and a team at fonefox in australia has shown that the watch can not only withstand a long , soapy shower , as well as being submerged in a bucket of water for five minutes , but can also be left in a swimming pool for around 15 minutes,9to5mac reported . while the screen could n't be used while in the pool , because of the capacitive screen technology , when it was fished out afterwards it functioned as normal . the team found that the crown still worked underwater , allowing them to zoom in and out of apps . the sapphire glass screen in the apple watch has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment . two out of the three models of apple watches have sapphire glass screens - the apple watch and apple watch edition . the glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before the crystals are processed to remove impurities . the tiny round disks created are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond . to test the durability of the screen , it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin , before being ‘scratched’ by a key . the video capturing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen . it also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer – albeit not very hard . but most impressive , was the screen’s ability to withstand an electric drill being dragged across its surface , without leaving a mark . the test led iphonefixed to claim : ‘ sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch’ .