after decades of snapping at the heels of rival marks & spencer , next has overtaken the company on profits . and now the high street giant appears to have come up with a foolproof plan for staying in the lead when it comes to womenswear . britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . so if you love the mulberry bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from next . or if you fancy yourself in a victoria beckham-style armband shift dress , but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it , the next version could be just the ticket . scroll down for video . victoria beckham had a hit with this armband shift dress ( victoria beckham.com ) . next 's compact cut-out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price . and it 's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating . it also does its own versions of high-end homeware that wo n't break the bank . karen kay , fashion and retail commentator , says one of next 's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market : mothers aged 30 and over and women starting out in their careers . ' a perfect example is the next tan washed saddle bag , which is very like the chloe satchel , ' says karen . ' it 's a classic shape that 's also fashionable , a good combination for next customers looking for grown up-style . ' what they do n't do , unlike shops appealing to younger women , such as zara and topshop , is copy one-season wonders . ' next customers are not looking for high fashion , but clothes to wear to an interview or at the office , and they have a much better line in these , including their designer copies , than marks & spencer . ' the lot78 jacket ( net-a-porter.com ) is lamb 's leather , while next 's cropped pu biker is made from viscose , polyester and cotton , hence the £700 price difference . a mulberry bayswater tote ( selfridges.com ) is made from top quality leather , but at a saving of £900 , next 's polyurethane bag is a dead ringer . it takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear , in some shape or form , in next . zara and topshop - whose younger customers are eager to get their hands on high fashion - have an even quicker turnaround of three to four weeks . designer copycats have become a huge retail strategy in recent years , because while what appeared on the catwalk used to be kept under wraps until it arrived in the shops , now the runway attracts wide coverage , including online , and people expect to see versions on the high street . and these great lines in designer lookalikes go some way towards explaining how next reported a rise in annual profits of 12 per cent , to £695 million , last year and a further 12.5 per cent over the past 12 months , with profits totalling £782 million . the company is worth £11 billion , making it second only to tesco in the retail sector . that 's impressive in a market that includes 'pile-'em-high , sell-'em-cheap ' stores such as primark and h & m . but , says karen kay , older shoppers will pay more for the better-quality stitching , buttons and linings at next . as well as 500 stores in britain and ireland , and 200 overseas , a substantial proportion of next 's turnover comes from online and catalogue sales . chloe 's medium marcie satchel ( harrods.co.uk ) may have inspired next 's much cheaper washed saddle bag . besides its designer copies , shopping online at next provides almost instant gratification , as items ordered before 11pm are guaranteed for delivery the next day . combined with an easy returns service - items can be collected from your home by a courier - this means that if you fancy yourself in a stella mccartney-style lace dress , but fear it may not flatter your thighs , you can try one on at home with minimal hassle , then get the chain to take it back if you 're not satisfied . last year , next began selling designer labels , including dkny and dolce & gabbana , alongside its own brands , online and in the next directory . and this innovation , says karen , may have fuelled the company 's appetite for designer copies even further . ' customers no doubt drool over a joseph dress or karl lagerfeld blouse in the designer section , then spot something with the same sort of detail for a third of the price by next 's own label and decide to give that a go , ' says karen . ' the only note of caution i would sound is that next fabrics can be disappointing , as they use a lot of synthetics such as viscose and polyester - though this , of course , keeps the costs down . ' gianvito rossi double-band crocodile mules ( harrods.com ) the shoes above cost more than 50 times next 's shiny golden versions , seen here . the bloomingville copper pendant light at next ( r ) is less than half the price of the original btc copper-plated hand-spun stanley pendant light from liberty ( liberty.com ) next 's noir luxury fragranced candle ( r ) is a fifth of the price of jo malone 's oud & bergamot home candle ( jomalone.co.uk )