president barack obama made an unscheduled stop to the bob marley museum in jamaica last night while on a visit to the country for a meeting with caribbean leaders . the first president to visit jamaica in three decades , obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller , u.s . ambassador to jamaica luis moreno and a dozen other dignitaries . obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island 's most famous son . scroll down for video . barack obama made an unscheduled stop at the bob marley museum while on an official visit to jamaica . the u.s. president walks around the museum with tour guide natasha clark during his unannounced visit . on a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981 , obama , looking relaxed in shirtsleeves , was shown a trophy room where marley 's grammys and platinum records were on display . at the same time marley 's hit song ' one love ' played over the loudspeaker . the musician 's family transformed the rambling property into a museum complete with a well-equipped 80-seat theatre , a photographic gallery , and a gift shop selling t-shirts , posters and cds and other bob marley memorabilia . one of the rooms obama explored held the late reggae star 's platinum records and a grammy award . thee president looks at selection of bob marley 's gold records at the bob marley museum in kingston . the building was home to marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum by his family . ' what a wonderful tour , ' the president told museum guide natasha clark . ' i still have all the albums . ' obama is in jamaica to meet the 15-member caribbean community bloc . the visit is part of an official caribbean summit seeking to reassert u.s. leadership in the region at a time when oil-producing venezuela 's economic clout may be receding . the caribbean region collectively cheered when obama was first elected president in 2008 . calypso and reggae songs were written in his honor , the french caribbean island of martinique named a road after him , and antigua 's highest mountain officially became ' mount obama ' as the small country saluted him as a symbol of black achievement . obama thanked the guide for a wonderful tour and told her he still owns all of bob marley 's albums . obama is in jamaica to meet the 15-member caribbean community bloc to discuss energy and security . as the first u.s. president to visit kingston since ronald reagan in 1982 , obama faces the challenge of convincing caribbean island leaders that washington is genuinely re-engaging after a long period of perceived neglect of its smaller , poorer neighbors . the visit is expected to be dominated by discussions on energy , security and trade with the 15-member caribbean community , or caricom . some analysts say a key reason why washington is suddenly paying attention to the caribbean basin is that it wants to wean the islands off dependence on cut-rate venezuelan oil that caracas has long used to wield influence in the region . from jamaica , obama will travel to panama to attend a western hemisphere summit , where venezuelan president nicolas maduro has made clear he will confront obama over new u.s. sanctions . obama will also cross paths at the summit of the americas with cuban president raul castro for the first time since the two announced a historic opening between their countries in december .