high-powered human rights lawyer amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed . george clooney 's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the national press club at 10am thursday , accompanied by laila ali , the wife of the jailed politician , and jared genser , the founder of the organization freedom now . nasheed , the indian ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison . scroll down for video . amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed . clooney , 37 , appeared before reporters at the national press club in the capital . mrs clooney wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse beneath her single-button jacket . mrs clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed maldivian ex-president nasheed , who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison . in her remarks thursday in washington , mrs clooney said she will not rest until nasheed walks free . the case against the president , who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup , stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the maldivian military . the maldives leader 's trial has sparked international concern for the fledgling island democracy after local and foreign human rights activists said the former president 's imprisonment was politically motivated . amnesty international panned the ' sham trial , ' and said the verdict was a ' travesty of justice , ' according to a press release put out by the national press club thursday . in early april , nasheed announced a high-profile legal team , including amal clooney , will spearhead a fresh attempt to secure his release . in her prepared remarks thursday in washington , mrs clooney said she will not rest until nasheed walks free , reported the india 's focus news . the british-lebanese attorney said she will appeal to the us government to put pressure on the government of maldives to release her client . local and foreign human rights activists have raised concerns that mrs clooney 's client has been unjustly imprisoned . wife laila ali said she is concerned for the health and safety of her husband . the 37-year-old brunette beauty was the epitome chic leaving the national press club thursday morning , a cup of coffee and her iphone in hand . clooney paired her crisp business suit with eye-catching suede stilettos . for a pop of color , the fashion-forward attorney tied a brightly hued scarf to her leather tote bag . the oxford- and nyu law-educated attorney said she will appeal to the us government to put pressure on the government of maldives , headed by abdulla yameen , to release her client . laila ali said she is concerned for the health and safety of her husband , who has been bouncing around prisons since his sentencing . mohamed nasheed came to power after building a pro-democracy movement with local and foreign support in opposition to the 30-year autocratic rule of maumoon abdul gayoom , the half-brother of president yameen . during the press conference in dc thursday , amal clooney , 37 , was all business , sporting a chic navy blue pants suit with a plain white blouse under a single-button jacket . the 53-year-old actor was then seen leaving caravaggio restaurant hand in hand with his wife of seven months . amal 's mother baria looked proud to be escorted by her movie star son-in-law while her father ramzi also offered a hand to his wife . less than two days earlier , the raven-haired beauty enjoyed a night out on the town in new york city with her parents and her hollywood superstar husband . george and his better half cut a handsome couple on the night out , with the gravity star tending to his leading lady on the way out of caravaggio restaurant on the upper east side , holding her hand as they made their way to a waiting vehicle . the lebanese-british lawyer paired a floral print flared mini-dress with lace-up stilettos and her jet black locks styled glossy and voluminous around her shoulders . a pop of red lipstick complemented a matching coloured band at her waist and she accessorised with diamond earrings . the lebanese-british lawyer flaunted her legs in a black mini dress and lace-up heels . giambattista valli fall 2013 black velvet gladiator heels . shop the current collection at farfetch . buy now . we still ca n't get over how gorgeous amal clooney looked throughout her four day wedding extravaganza in venice last september . and she 's managed to keep the momentum going seven months on ! she headed out for dinner with hubby george and her family wearing a floral fit and flare dress by alexander mcqueen . but if we 've learned one thing about amal in the year or so that she 's been on our radar , it 's that she is an expert at accessorising ! she completed her look with these lace up heels , which are by one of her very favourite designer labels , giambattista valli . we 've spotted her wearing this velvet textured gladiator style before and we have to say we love them . her sandals hail from the fall 2013 collection , so unfortunately they 're now all sold out . but luckily the high street is hot on the heels of the tie up trend ! missguided 's tassel trim versions are top of our list - just team them with your best lbd to really let your feet do all the talking . prettylittlething serafina lace up heels . buy now . asos heartbreak hotel lace up heels . buy now . ax paris lace up heels . buy now . missguided valentina heels . buy now .    