she shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke 's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl alongside industry heavyweights ben affleck and rosamind pike . ever since , emily ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves . a newly unveiled set of photographs show london-born emily , 23 , showing off her enviable figure - so what 's her secret ? scroll down for video . emily ratajkowski swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure . the american model , who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i . and pharrell in 2013 , has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains the enviable body . discussing her eating habits with elle , she said : ' you know , i 'm a carnivore . i really like to eat meat . i crave iron so i am definitely not the kind of person who you will find eating a salad . i like to keep it really balanced to give my body energy and also be healthy . ' the busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body . while it may not look like it , emily maintains that it 's ' good ' to indulge occasionally . she said : ' i would n't say i am the type of girl who craves doritos but i definitely love a good cupcake sometimes . or a croissant in the morning . ' i think it is like really important to give yourself a break . and also just really think about where things are coming from what kind of ingredients are going into your body . ' the american model saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i . and pharrell in 2013 . fausto puglisi fall winter 2015 collection . shop the designer at farfetch ! visit site . emily ratajkowski 's made it clear that she has one hell of a figure , so you better believe this hot new model on the rise is going to flaunt it ! emily wore a fausto puglisi dress from the designer 's most recent runway collection that was bold kelly green with an asymmetrical cut out and single strap heavy metal embellishment . the designer has become known for these heavily-jeweled appliques that give all of his pieces an edgy , punk feel . the look is appropriately risque and daring for the model who got her big break in the nude in the music video for blurred lines . emily 's dress just came down the runway mere weeks ago , so it 's definitely not available to the public yet and will be pretty pricey once it does . you can shop the designer over at farfetch or check out some similar dresses that channel the same sexy , cut out vibe as this fausto puglisi number ! bcbgmaxazria women 's shea side cutout dress at amazon . visit site . susana monaco olivia weave dress ( now on sale for $ 112 ! ) at revolve . visit site . assali rake mini dress ( now on sale for $ 192 ! ) at revolve . visit site . aq/aq killer cutout dress at bloomingdale 's . visit site . while it may not look like it , emily maintains that it 's ' good ' to indulge occasionally and she loves the odd cupcake or croissant in the morning . in terms of her exercise regime , the brunette beauty says she loves hiking in los angeles and always fits in her yoga classes a ' couple of time a week ' , which she says is a ' big part ' of her regimen . her regime is certainly paying off ; the star was recently snapped up to front intimately free people 's latest collection , as well as a yamamay lingerie campaign . speaking to mailonline , emily recently revealed her thoughts on sexuality and feminism . she explained : ' i think you can be a sexual woman , empowered and be a feminist . i think sexuality should be empowering to women , it 's not always misogynistic or exploitative . ' emily , who is n't afraid to parade her figure on instagram , always fits in her yoga classes a ' couple of time a week ' , which she says is a ' big part ' of her regimen . emily also admitted that she had initially turned down the blurred lines job , until she eventually saw it as a ' good opportunity ' . she said : ' i had initially turned it down . i was eventually convinced by the director , who i really liked , to do it . ' it was kind of a good opportunity for me in a way because i could n't really speak about the lyrics as i did n't write them , but i could about the video . ' i had all kinds of ideas to say so it ended up being a good platform , because on the other side i think people were like , `` well let 's hear what the girls think . '' ' the model insists she 's now being ' selective ' with roles as she pursues more acting jobs and claims it is not only women who are objectified but male actors also . she said : ' i want to establish myself as someone who can act and does n't have to rely on my figure or modelling background . ' the model , pictured next to ellie goulding at the topshop show , insists she 's now being ' selective ' with roles as she pursues more acting jobs and claims it is not only women who are objectified but male actors also .  