the ceo of the italian eyewear company that makes ray-bans said that his company is working with google on two new versions of its google glass project . massimo vian , one of the heads of milan-based luxottica , said that his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device , which was trumpeted as a huge technological leap forward when it was announced in 2012 . however , google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year , prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget before it became widely available . massimo vian , one of the heads of milan-based luxottica , said that his team was working on two new versions of google glass , one of which was ' in preparation ' . google executive chairman eric schmidt later appointed a new leader for the product and said that it would be ' ready for users ' , according to the wall street journal . 'there’s nothing about adjusting glass that suggests we’re ending it , ' he said . vian told luxottica shareholders that his company is ' now working on google glass version 2 which is in preparation ' . he did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version . the executive has recently been to california to meet with google 's team . new versions of google glass , which was unveiled three years ago as a prototype available for $ 1,500 , are thought to aim at a lower cost , longer battery life and improved sound quality . it officially offered the product to the public in 2014 , though sales were low . vian ( pictured ) told shareholders of his company , which makes ray bans , that there were ' some second thoughts ' about what version three of google glass would be . part of the perceived failure of the first version of the product was the mockery it generated towards ' glassholes ' who wore the odd-looking gadgets . ' there are some second thoughts on how to interpret version 3 ' of google glass , vian said , according to ndtv . details about what the new versions will look like have not yet been released . processor company intel is expected to create the chip in the device .