police say the parents of a 3-year-old boy have been charged with endangering his welfare after they overdosed on heroin while giving him a bath in new hampshire . eric carter and stephanie mccassin , both of manchester , were arrested on warrants thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother and primary caretaker , mary macdonald , reported finding the child in the tub , with the parents passed out on dec. 4 . overdose : eric carter , 21 ( right ) , and stephanie mccassin , 24 ( left ) , of new hampshire , have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . passed out : the child 's grandmother told authorities that she went to check on the parents ( photographed ) and the child in the bathroom and found the two passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub . the child was not hurt . macdonald told fox boston that she saw the parents in the bathroom with the boy but grew suspicious when the three became quiet in the room . she went to check on them , she said , and found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor as the child remained in the tub , seeming oblivious to the situation . macdonald contacted authorities and removed the 3-year-old from the tub , according to the boston globe . caretaker : the child 's grandmother told authorities that she lives with her son , carter ( left ) , and is the primary caretaker of the three-year-old because of carter 's history with drugs . twenty-one-year-old carter and 24-year-old mccassin were taken to a hospital , where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose . macdonald told police that she is the child 's primary caretaker because of her son 's , carter 's , past drug problems . it was the department of child and family services that issued the warrant for for the two holding that the parents put the child at risk , manchester police said in a statement . treated : twenty-one-year-old carter and 24-year-old mccassin ( photographed ) were taken to a hospital , where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose . both have been released on personal recognizance bail . mccassin is scheduled to appear in court tuesday . carter is scheduled to appear may 22 . a message left at a phone number for mccassin was not immediately returned . no phone listing for carter could be found . 