nigel jackson , 59 , a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died . a british expat accused of murdering his wife in portugal has admitted burying her body in the garden but denies killing her , claiming she must have died during a bungled burglary . nigel jackson , 59 , was arrested at his country home in alvor , near portimao in the algarve , in january , after the body of his wife brenda davidson , 72 , was found in a shallow grave outside . at the time jackson claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . but after being shown evidence she was killed , he had now changed his story . in a letter from jail entitled ' love , care devotion and betrayal ' , seen by the daily mirror , jackson said mrs davidson must have been killed by intruders . however , he sticks to the rest of his original story , saying he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets , which they called ' babies ' , because he thought it 's what she would have wanted . he wrote : ' as i thought it was her choice i honoured her choice that night to bury her with our babies . ' i told everyone she had gone away ... this was the only lie i told and i could not live with this lie so i went to the consulate and asked them to get the police . ' he described the moment he found his wife 's body in a pool of blood , claiming to have held the corpse for hours begging her to wake up before discovering the knife and a wound on her neck . jackson is accused of murdering his wife at his home in alvor , in the algarve ( pictured ) . at the time he denied causing her death , saying she had killed herself , but now says she died during a burglary . he also admits to moving his mistress of three years into the house as mrs davidson 's body lay in the garden , but said the affair was no secret . he maintains that after her cancer diagnosis his wife had acknowledged that he still had needs to fulfill , and had given her blessing , provided he did n't ' bring it home ' . jackson said he moved his partner into the house in an attempt to get over his wife 's death , adding : ' i was trying to move on but i could not do so . ' jackson was initially arrested in january this year after mrs davidson 's son dean became concerned about her whereabouts . according to neighbours , jackson had initially said she had returned to the uk ' for treatment for a nasty cough . ' but when she failed to return to their home jackson then alerted the authorities and told them he was ' dedicated himself to trying to find her . ' however her son eventually contacted police and jackson was arrested at their home and questioned by police for several hours . mrs davidson 's body was found in the garden of her home in alvor ( pictured ) , buried in shallow grave , while jackson had moved his mistress into the main house . it was then that he revealed the location of the body of mrs davidson , his wife of 27 years . police believe she died last november before the body was wrapped in plastic sheeting and placed underneath a concrete slab and bricks in the garden . the couple moved to the algarve around 10 years ago from their home in rochester , kent and had built up a close set of friends in the close-knit village . they had apparently got bored of their life in kent and mr jackson , a former taxi driver , and his wife , a retired cleaner , moved to portugal for a change of scene .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .