bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over newcastle at kingston park to keep alive their aviva premiership title bid . sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six and , despite making a few handling errors , impressed in his new position . bath head coach mike ford praised burgess 's efforts following the game and stated ' you 've seen the future tonight ' , with regards to the former rugby league star 's role going forward . bath went for it from the start and were rewarded with three first-half tries and a fourth early in the second period as they recorded a 29-19 victory . bath centre ollie devoto barges over for the opening try at kingston park . sam burgess , making his first start for bath in the back row , makes an early career against newcastle . bath fly half george ford fires over a conversion from the sideline at kingston park . fifteen points were rattled up in the first 16 minutes of the match as bath , for whom england 's george ford delivered a fly-half masterclass , collected a brace of tries through ollie devoto and semesa rokoduguni . newcastle responded with a sinoti sinoti try but anthony watson 's score on the stroke of half-time earned bath a 19-13 lead at the interval , and then matt banahan went over in the 42nd minute to give the visitors their bonus point . bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table and four above third-placed saracens . rory clegg 's fourth-minute penalty after bath dropped the scrum gave newcastle the lead , but it did not last long with ford putting a penalty in the corner which led to a scrum . from that set-piece , no 8 leroy houston picked up and ford fed devoto for the big centre to score under the posts . ford slotted over the conversion to make it 7-3 in the ninth minute and he went to the corner again with another penalty soon after , which led to centre jonathan joseph 's long cut-out pass finding rokoduguni to score in the corner in the 16th minute . bath winger semesa rokoduguni dives over for a try following a sweeping attack from the visitors . the extra points were missed on that occasion and clegg was able to cut the difference to six with a second penalty in the 23rd minute . rokoduguni crossed again in the 27th minute but after checking with the tmo , referee jp doyle ruled out the score because of a bath knock-on close to the line . the falcons made the best use of the let-off with a try from sinoti in the 31st minute . the winger looked to be going nowhere with a run from right to left but he brushed off four successive tackles with an aggressive run along the touchline to score in the corner . clegg 's conversion put newcastle 13-12 in front , but they could not hang on to the lead with bath scoring their third try right on half-time . and what a cracker it was with ford using a subtle delayed pass to allow full-back watson to scythe through under the posts for another converted try . anthony watson runs a sublime line off devoto to score bath 's fourth try of the night . bath 's bonus point score came just two minutes after the break with banahan sailing through a gap which was made by the dummy runner . ford converted but newcastle replied with a 47th-minute clegg penalty five minutes later . tom catterick added another penalty in the 68th minute to put newcastle in losing bonus point range at 26-19 after the falcons had pummelled away with successive line-out drives and bath replacement carl fearns was sin-binned for dragging it down . the majority of the 7,492 crowd were not happy with the decision to take the points but with just over 10 minutes left it looked the right one , until ford kicked a 73rd-minute penalty to deny newcastle their bonus .