many of us dream about escaping our everyday lives for something more exotic . ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels . scroll down for video . ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . the 34-year-old promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat after being handed inspiration from a retired professor . and for the last decade liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date . ' after i graduated from university , i happened to cross paths with a retired professor , dr. arent h. schuyler , who was looking for someone to sail his boat around the world , ' says liz . ' he was 80 years old at the time and just wanted to help someone else realize his dream . ' liz , who studied environmental studies at the university of california in santa barbara , jumped at the chance . she says : ' at university i learned about all the damage we were doing to the earth and the unsustainable lifestyles we were leading . ' i looked around me and it seemed like no one was doing anything about it , and i decided that i really did n't want to be a part of it anymore . ' i knew this trip would be everything i loved in one-a simple , eco-friendly lifestyle close to nature , searching for remote uncrowded waves , learning from other cultures , challenging myself physically and mentally , and going on an open-ended adventure . ' liz , who studied environmental studies at the university of california in santa barbara , jumped at the chance to discover the world . as well as perfect her sailing skills , the ten-year trip has helped liz perfect her surf-boarding talents . sailing around the world offers liz the perfect chance for scenic stop-offs to practise yoga . after graduating from university , liz worked as a bartender for three years , before quitting her job when the opportunity to sail around the world arose . she spent three years preparing for her voyage and learning how to operate the sailboat . liz says : ' it was petrifying to leave the safety and security of the dock and my friends and family . ' i did n't know if i would be capable of captaining a boat this big and managing all that goes into a trip where you 're off the grid and away from any help - but i knew i had to try or i 'd always regret it . ' when i left i did n't know how i 'd make money , and i do n't come from a wealthy family or anything , like many people assume . ' i was writing blogs the first year and from this i developed a close relationship with patagonia , an outdoors clothing company - who have been my main financial supporter since the beginning . ' it 's often hard work for liz , as she is photographed here fixing the anchor in the ground to secure her boat in the eastern south pacific . liz did make a friend when she visited tahiti in 2013 , and even took the cat on the boat with her . her travels around the world have given liz memories to treasure forvever , including enjoying herself with the locals in panama in 2007 . setting off in october 2005 , liz has travelled to a number of exotic destinations , including mexico , guatemala , nicaragua , costa rica , panama and the galapagos islands . liz has documented her travels in a series of envy inducing photographs . she used a timer to take some of the pictures herself , while other photos were taken by locals . photo shows liz relaxing in the south pacific in 2014 ; the former bartender admits to sometimes becoming lonely , and right , some deep sea diving . there was a prime catch on this trip in the eastern pacific , but liz would have wanted to share the meal with somebody . liz feeds some small sharks whilst on an outer island in the french polynesia in 2011 , during her ten year trip around the world . liz 's daily routine includes adjusting sails and boat maintenance , as well as surfing , yoga , swimming and sleeping under the stars . she says : ' people are generally either awed or jealous , others are totally inspired and excited . ' it feels so great to inspire others to live their dreams , but it 's impossible to explain to them what this life is really like ; how much hard work there is and that it is n't always easy or fun . ' but that 's part of living your dreams - it 's never easy , but no work is ever as hard when it 's part of your dreams and moving you towards your desires . ' the journey throws up daily challenges for liz , shown here as she battles tough weather in the eastern pacific in 2008 . a spectacular selfie shows a huge wave forms int he background in the south pacific in 2012 . the trip offered liz the chance to do some teaching at a school in outer islands french polynesia , in 2011 . liz says : ' i get lonely at times and still hope to find a complimentary sailing partner . ' the kindness of strangers wherever i go , along with the remote love and support from family and friends , always fills up that emptiness whenever i feel a void . ' in 2011 , the man responsible for liz 's adventure , dr. schuyler , died , aged 87 . liz says : ' he never wanted to be on the boat . he just wanted to help me live my dream and live vicariously through me . ' that 's how my blog originally started , because i wanted him to be able to share my experiences . ' with no end to her adventure in sight , liz 's plans to sail to micronesia and head west , where she will continue her journey around the world . liz on a visit to the marquesas islands after quitting her life on land for adventures at sea . the intrepid traveller climbing a tree on the line islands in the republic of kiribati in 2008 . perfect waves in the south pacific are taken advantage of by liz who tests out her talents . 