a puppy tends to be a beloved addition to any family , but for a family supporting a child with autism an assistance dog can make a crucial difference to their happiness and stability . april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ' animal therapy ' . it turns out man 's best friend are actually ' kid 's best friend ' , with pups changing the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk , communicate , walk or socialise . an ' autism assistance dog ' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships . the term ' autism spectrum disorders ' ( asd ) is an umbrella term that includes autistic disorder ; asperger 's and atypical autism . april 2 is autism awareness day and people may be oblivious that man 's best friend are actually ' kid 's best friend ' , with pups changing the lives of many children with autism ( stock picture ) . children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected . they can struggle to cope with change and unfamiliar environments and routines . ' the autism assistance dog ( aad ) program is designed to improve the quality of life for both the child with autism and his or her family through three key areas : safety , independence and inclusion , ' according to guidedogs sa . every child is unique meaning matching the right dog to their need 's and their family is crucial . the dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ' brightness ' to the household . it has been reported by families participating in the austism assistance dog program that the companion can also foster positive interactions between siblings , encouraging play . the highly trained , specialised working dogs are licenced to accompany the child in essentially any location . ' an austism assistance dog ( aad ) has the same legal rights of access as a guide or hearing dog . it is clearly identified by a coat which has securing points and a handle that the child can hold if appropriate or required , ' according to guidedogs sa . ' the purpose of the coat is to bring awareness to the special circumstances regarding the dog . this also increases the ease of access to public places by differentiating the status of an aad from that of a pet . ' the dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ' brightness ' to the household ( stock picture ) . it can make family outings or even a quick trip to the shops possible where a child with autism may have struggled before . it can also give parents peace of mind as they know their child is being looked out for by a dog which has been specially trained to help their master avoid harm 's way . the comfort of having their furry pooch by their side can offer a sense of stability for the child and be a calming presence on all members of the family . children with autism ' have a high tendency to ' bolt ' when they feel anxious or stressed . this is made even more alarming as they are often far less aware of danger and may not respond to direction . this can be a great challenge , requiring constant observance from their carer to ensure the child remains safe . ' on outings , the child 's safety is enhanced by being connected to a coat on the dog 's body , through a safety belt around the child 's waist , ' explained guide dogs sa . ' the parent has control of the dog through their own lead and will apply vocal commands to the dog . the child is encouraged to walk beside the dog but if they do choose to run off on their own , the dog is specially trained to quickly and calmly take control of the situation . ' the dog is trained to resist by sitting or lying down , acting as an `` anchor '' , ' guidedogs sa explains . ' this gives the parent time to intervene and diffuse the situation . ' however , the importance of this lesson is that , through the repetition , children 's attempts to bolt are often reduced or completely eradicated . ' these dogs are a friend when you need one any hour of the day , every day of the year . ' they are also skilled for a few select tasks if you happen to need a hand… or a paw ! ' 