accused : dr ram manohar , 38 , of barnston , wirral , has denied four counts of sexual assault . a senior doctor facing sexual assault allegations from two separate nurses is accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying ' you bad girl ' after smacking her on the bottom . a & e consultant dr ram manohar , 38 , is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 , while working at wirral 's arrowe park hospital . david mclachlan , prosecuting , said manohar offered to help nurse a with her training on december 23 , 2013 , liverpool crown court heard . he said she knew manohar and , while in his room , asked for his help to learn about matters including chest x-rays . mr mclachlan said : ' without any warning ram manohar put his hand down her nurse 's dress and he put his hands into her bra . ' she said he moved his hand around but she had not asked for a demonstration . nurse a said he later asked her a question about the heart , which she got wrong . she said : ' he smacked me on the bottom quite hard and said to me , `` you bad girl '' . ' mr mclachlan said manohar squeezed her left breast to indicate where her left ventricle was and while discussing breast lumps asked to see her nipple , but she refused . she said the conversation moved onto the femoral pulse . mr mclachlan said : ' without any word of warning he put his hand up her dress and down her tights . ' manohar then allegedly touched her inappropriately . nurse a said he told her ' this type of teaching is only for you ' before she left the room ' feeling disgusted with herself ' . she later told friends she felt ' violated ' before contacting police . manohar told officers he had known her since working with her at the royal liverpool hospital . he said after a night out she had asked him back to her house , but he had refused . he said she had also asked him on december 12 ' to find her a single and smart man because she was desperate ' . manohar said on december 23 she unzipped her top , making him uncomfortable , and followed him around ' like a puppy ' . the doctor denied touching her inappropriately and said his office door had been open . he said she had been pointing to different parts of her body and ' if anybody had grounds to complain it would have been him , ' adding ' he did not find her particularly attractive ' . manohar is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 , while working at wirral 's arrowe park hospital ( pictured ) . nurse a said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest x-rays . nurse b alleged that manohar touched her inappropriately on july 10 and october 31 , 2013 . she said the first time she went to a & e because she had pins and needles in her hands and feet . nurse b said he examined and touched her genital area . however , she said she thought he had been professional and thanked him before he gave her a hug . she said on october 31 she saw him about a ' very bad headache ' and he treated her in a dark room , checking her reflexes before touching her genital area . the a & e consultant claims he had been pointing to different parts of nurse a 's body and ' if anybody had grounds to complain it would have been him , ' adding ' he did not find her particularly attractive ' . nurse b again thought he had acted professionally and went to the hospital to drop off a thank you card . she said he invited her to meet him for coffee and she went to the hospital for ' a coffee type date ' because she did not know he was married . nurse b alleged manohar invited her into his office , kissed her , told her how beautiful she was and suddenly without warning put his hand into her knickers . mr mclachlan said : ' she stopped him straightaway . he told her that he was married with children . ' nurse b also reported him to the police . manohar told officers he did not inappropriately touch her during either examination . he said she told him she had feelings for him but he said he was married and she started crying . manohar admitted he then kissed her but said he did not think he had put his hand into her knickers . he said : ' i think she caught my hand and put it on top of her trousers or something . ' manohar , of barnston , wirral , denies four counts of sexual assault . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .