not a day goes by that 14-year-old jonathan pitre does n't scream in pain . born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ' butterfly skin ' - his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal . holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult . bathing is excruciating . scroll down for video . struggle : born with epidermolysis bullosa , jonathan is covered with deep blistering wounds that wo n't heal . pain : he must be bathed and bandaged every day . his skin is as fragile as a butterfly 's wing . team work : jonathan , 14 , said he could not get through life without his mother tina who carries and feeds him . ' you never know exactly what eb is unless you have it ... just the feel of it , the pain that you live in every day , ' the bandaged teenager remarks in an interview with the ottawa citizen . ' even when i 'm sleeping , when i 'm dreaming , i still am sort of conscious because i feel that pain . ' unless a cure is found , jonathan will likely only live to 25 . but in a tone well beyond his years , ottawa-based jonathan says frankly : ' i just have to get on with it . ' one in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition . healthy skin is made up of three layers , but jonathan is missing the middle layer which holds the inner and outer layers together . dreams : he had to stop playing sports so has turned his focus to sportscasting - and the experts are impressed with his maturity and knowledge . he is pictured here with a vikings junior ice hockey player . difficulties : both tina and jonathan say they try not to think about the fact that he has a life expectancy of 25 . inspiring : he says he can even feel pain when he is asleep but is trying his best to ' live in the moment ' . sufferers are dubbed the ' butterfly children ' due to the fragility of their skin : as breakable as a butterfly wing . the condition has outlined jonathan from many childhood activities . a sports fanatic , he played hockey and loved gym class until his condition meant he could not compete with the other children . epidermolysis bullosa ( eb ) is a general term used to describe a group of rare inherited skin disorders that cause the skin to become very fragile . any trauma or friction to the skin can cause painful blisters . mason has the rarest form of eb where blistering occurs at the junction between the epidermis and the dermis . in most cases , the symptoms of eb are obvious from birth . it is caused by faulty genes inherited from one or both parents . there are many cases when both parents are carriers of the faulty gene without realising it . eb is rare . just one in every 17,000 children has it . there are thought to be 5,000 people living with eb in the uk . there is no cure for eb so the treatment aims at preventing blisters becoming infected . moving forward , he is channeling his fascination into other aspects of sports . he has appeared as a sportscaster on canadian tv shows , and guest commentated football games for sportsnet . ' it 's unfortunate but you 've just got to go with the flow , there 's nothing i can do about it , ' he told the ottawa citizen . ' i just studied different options - if i ca n't do this i 'll think of other options . so that 's why i came into sportscasting and scouting and coaching , that 's where it all started . ' i ca n't play sports but there 's much more to sports than players . ' professionals are astounded , remarking on his knowledge , his confidence and his maturity . jonathan credits these attributes to his condition : ' because i ca n't play sports , i stay with the adults . so i guess i had to kind of grow up faster . ' he admits there is a ' nagging ' feeling at the back of his mind every day that ' i only have 10 years left . ' but for now , he 's trying to ' live in the moment . ' ' great things do not come easily , ' he told an audience at national we day last week . ' but they do come when you try with your full heart , when you 're willing and open to embrace life , when you take things one day at a time and use what you 've got . ' his mother , tina , said it is a struggle every day as she bathes him , knowing he is in pain . however , she cherishes the silver lining : ' i see him every day waking up with a smile . '