charles tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the chicago bears . the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera . at the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season , the new bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping tillman on the roster . but he leaves chicago with his achievements on the field matched by those off it . charles tillman has ended his chicago career but remains a favourite for his work on and off the field . drafted in the second round from louisiana lafeyette in 2003 , tillman became a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the bears to super bowl xli . a franchise record holder for defensive touchdowns and interception returns for touchdowns , the forced fumble specialist lies third on the all-time list for interceptions with 36 . he started 152 of 156 games , but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps . tillman said the chance to work with rivera - a former bears player who worked as defensive co-ordinator from 2004-6 - was too good to turn down . tillman holds several bears defensive accolades and was a stalwart of their defense during his 12 years . ' i think coach rivera was one of the main reasons why i wanted to be here , ' tillman said . ' he 's a guy that i had a lot of respect for when i was in chicago . i love his leadership and his qualities as a coach , and he 's done a good job with the panthers . there 's a good group of guys here like thomas davis , greg olsen , luke kuechly and cam newton . i got a good vibe here . ' ' this is a similar defense , and steve wilks and ( defensive line coach ) eric washington were also in chicago , so there is familiarity . ' since setting up the cornerstone foundation a decade ago , tillman 's charity has impacted over a million needy children and their families in the chicago area . his work with the foundation was honoured with the walter payton man of the year award in 2014 . in a quirk of fate , the panthers also have the 2015 recipient of the award , thomas davis , on their roster . 