she was chained inside cleveland 's ' house of horrors ' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped , imprisoned and abused by ariel castro . but michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim . ' i don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1,200 people . ' i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that . ' scroll down for videos . no victim : michelle knight , seen here appearing at at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , said her healing process has been ' to overcome and flourish and rise above ' . standing ovation : knight received a rapturous applause as she came on stage to give a speech . speaking out : michelle knight , who was held captive by ariel castro for more than a decade , spoke wednesday at the cleveland rape crisis center faces of change luncheon . part of that flourishing , it seems , is a new relationship . according to fox 8 cleveland , knight was signing copies of her book , finding me : a decade of darkness , a life reclaimed , after the event , when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend . knight did not reveal anymore about the man in her life , but said she feels comfortable sharing her story , because it can give others ' the same courage , hope and faith that i had ' . she has a second book that she is working on based on what has become of her life since being rescued from castro 's house on may 6 , 2013 . amanda berry managed to escape from the house with her six-year-old daughter , with a neighbor calling police . knight and the third victim , georgina ' gina ' dejesus , were then rescued . house of horrors : after almost 10 years chained up inside , michelle knight and the two other women imprisoned in this cleveland , ohio , house by ariel castro were freed on may 6 , 2013 . fans : while signing copies of her memoir , finding me : a decade of darkness , a life reclaimed , after the event , when she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend . castro pleaded guilty to 937 criminal counts of rape , kidnapping , and aggravated murder as part of a plea bargain and was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years . however , less than one month into the sentence , he hanged himself using the bed sheets in his cell . during the talk at wednesday 's luncheon , knight mentioned castro , saying he too had been abused and did not seek help . ' my healing process is going forward , ' knight said . 'i’m starting to be more free now ; i’m able to talk about it without crying . ' the luncheon raised a record $ 254,000 for the center , which counsels rape survivors . celebrity support : knight is pictured here with orange is the new black star taryn manning . according to cleveland.com , one in every five ohio women has been raped . the center helped 18,000 people last year , and representatives on wednesday urged more rape victims to come forward . knight also revealed she has recorded a song called survivor , which she says will be released in may . she is also learning to play the piano . her second book is centered around a journal she writes in each day while sitting outside each morning . 