a georgia man who went missing in early january and was discovered dead in a lake a month later suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , it has been revealed . kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well . by the time sexton got up at 7.30am , the man was gone . he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck . sad end : kelly nash ( left ) , 25 , went missing from his georgia home january 5 . following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later . last sighting : nash 's girlfriend , jessica sexton ( right ) , last spoke to him hours before he went missing when he awakened in the middle of the night coughing and sneezing . grisly find : a fisherman came upon kelly nash 's decomposed body in lake lanier in early february . wsb-tv reported the only thing missing from nash 's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip . on february 8 , a man fishing at lake lanier discovered kelly nash 's badly decomposed . the gruesome find came after a month-long exhaustive search conducted by the missing man 's family and friends accompanied by cadaver dogs . a $ 50,000 reward was being offered for information on nash 's whereabouts . nash was discovered in the water wearing the same pajama pants and dark shirt he had on when he stopped by a convenience store to pick up some items just hours before he went missing . sexton , his girlfriend of three years , said she had seen the 25-year-old play video games before they turned in . at 4am , he awakened suffering from cold or flu symptoms , and sometime before 7.30am he walked out of his home on jimmy dodd road , never to return , reported 11alive . 'cause of death ' : the 25-year-old suffered a gunshot wound and drowned , according to officials . what went wrong ? nash , pictured left with his husky dog and right with his girlfriend , left the house without his wallet , car keys or id . the only thing missing from nash 's home was a 9mm handgun . results pending : officials are awaiting he official report from the medical examiner before releasing the cause and manner of death . the tattoos on the body of the 6-foot-2 former college basketball player helped police positively identify the victim as nash , but because of the deteriorated state of the corpse officials did not immediately observe any signs of trauma . hall county sheriff 's officials declined to comment on whether foul play is now suspected in the case . they 're awaiting the official report from the medical examiner before releasing the cause and manner of death . ‘ we do feel that he went into the water in close proximity to where he was found , ' said hall county sheriff 's deputy nicole bailes . according to his family , nash was about to graduate with a degree in accounting from georgia gwinnett college , and he was also employed at his father alan 's construction company , reported nbc news . so much to live for : nash was about to graduate with a degree in accounting from georgia gwinnett college .