a woman who urinated in her in-laws ' cups of tea everyday for a year was caught red-handed when her mother-in-law walked into the kitchen and found her squatting over the teapot . angered that her in-laws had stopped her husband from doing chores around the home , she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year . rekha nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared with husband deepak , 34 , in the district of indore in central india 's madhya pradesh state . rekha nagvanshi ( pictured ) , 30 , was caught urinating into the tea she was serving to her in-laws . claiming she would rather live with her parents , she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . her friend , alia kohli , 32 , said : ' she was very unhappy with her arranged marriage and said her husband treated her like a slave and eventually she decided she 'd had enough . ' but after moving out , he begged her to go back for the sake of their four-year-old daughter . ' she agreed but only if he cooked for her , massaged her feet and did all the washing up . ' but after moving back in , parents-in-law suraj , 60 , and her husband ajith , 55 , found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it . kohli said : ' he seemed fine with it but they went mental and accused her of treating him like a slave . ' rekha is strong-minded and likes to be independent and the thought of being dictated to by his parents was just too much for her . ' so i guess that 's when she decided to start doing what she did , and urinating in their tea . ' her disgusted mother-in-law said : ' we used to go and visit them once or twice a week . nagvanshi was said to be unhappy that her husband 's parents had stopped their son from doing chores around the home . here she is pictured with her husband deepak . ' and although we knew she did n't like us we had no idea she was doing this . she always smiled and offered us tea and we accepted . ' but one day i went into the kitchen and found her urinating into the teapot . ' after going to the police and being told it was not a case for them , the horrified parents-in-law decided to take out a private prosecution . suraj said : ' you can not urinate into someone 's tea for a year and get away with it . we want justice . ' rekha and her husband deepak are now understood to be living apart . 