her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years , thanks to her lets move ! program . but on thursday night , to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity , michelle obama once again busted some moves , this time on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon . in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move . it was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids . lets disco : michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night , in a follow-up routine to one they first did in 2013 . omg : called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair pulled some embarrassing ' mom moves ' . join in : first lady michelle obama and jimmy fallon took it to the dance floor again during her appearance on the tonight show on thursday night . oh no you did n't : at the end of the routine , fallon pulled a goofy move he called the ' barack obama ' . take this : but michelle came back kicking , showing off an equally-awful jive called the ' jimmy fallon ' . in dancing up a storm , the two demonstrated some jives they called ' you go girl ' and ' oh my god , i did n't know you were coming here ! ' but when fallon pulled a silly move he called the ' barack obama ' , michelle obviously hit back with a terrible take on fallon himself . the let 's move ! initiative encourages people to eat better , be more active and healthier . it was first launched in february 2010 . during a sit-down with fallon , michelle spoke of what she 's achieved in the last five years , and her love of music . ' i have an ipod , ' she said . ' i usually just put my earphones in in the car . i’m always listening to music . that’s the way i kind of settle myself . ' initiative : lets move ! is an anti-childhood obesity campaign that michelle first launched in 2010 . however music is n't something she necessarily shares with her daughters , malia , 17 , and sasha , 14 . ' now i’m at the stage where my kids are introducing me to music and they’re like , ''you don’t wan na hear this mom - the language is too bad '' , ' she said . ' well , what are you doing listening to it ? ' on march 16 , michelle busted some similar moves with ellen degeneres , dancing in a much more choreographed segment to uptown funk . healthy eating : michelle obama told jimmy fallon that she gets her daughters to eat vegetables by having a ' no treat ' rule in the house if they choose not to eat healthy . give me broccoli ! : michelle obama told jimmy fallon that the no treat rule worked and her daughters asked for her to give them the broccoli . the us first lady revealed that she - and a party of helpers from so you think you can dance - will be performing a routine to the same song on the front lawn of the white house during the annual easter egg roll . this year 's event , which will take place on the 6th april , is part of a tradition that dates back to 1878 when president rutherford b. hayes opened the white house gardens to local children . michelle said she has been practicing the dance , called gim me five ! , for over a year . in addition to breaking it down on stage , michelle obama told fallon how she gets her teenagers to eat healthy food . obama said she has a ' no treat ' rule in her house if her daughters sasha and malia do n't eat their vegetables . if the girls tell her their ' full ' because they do n't want to eat the vegetables in front of them , there are no substitute meals if they become hungry later . ' after a couple of days of starvation , it’s like , ‘ gim me the broccoli , ’ she joked . fallon told flotus that he too has a method of getting child to eat healthy but his method is a lot sneakier than hers . 'i’m trying to sneak vegetables into anything , but there is a sneaky way to do it , ' fallon said of giving his two young daughters vegetables . ' i hide it in brownies , ' he said . polished : michelle obama wore classic black and white with a touch of silver in shoes when she went on jimmy fallon earlier in the week . tadashi shoji crochet knit collar dress . from the resort 2015 collection . visit site . michelle obama made another stylish appearance on the tonight show to promote her let 's move ! program in two chic outfits . first she danced away in a pink twinset and black pants ( her signature look ) , then she went glam in a tadashi shoji cocktail dress . the knee length number featured a black and white color block design and had on-trend mesh motif on the sleeves and hemline . the first lady 's style is always on point whenever she is in public and this time was no different . michelle 's frock hails from the designer 's resort collection which featured lots of stripes , lace , gingham , and perforated pieces that will work well this upcoming season . scoop one up at the link to the right . and for the frugal shopper , have a peek below for more great finds from calvin klein to halston heritage that have that flotus appeal . halston heritage sleeveless fit-and-flare dress at neiman marcus ( now $ 267 ) . visit site . calvin klein grid pattern color block dress at zappos . visit site . ellelauri farrah dress at shoptiques . visit site . calvin klein belted sheath w/ contrast panel at zappos . visit site . his own method : jimmy fallon says he gets his toddler daughters to eat vegetables by hiding it in brownies .