a weakening u.s. economy spilled into the job market in march as employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since december 2013 – snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000 . the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent , the labor department said in its monthly report friday . the march jobs data raised uncertainties about the world 's largest economy , which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth . employers now appear wary about the economy , especially as a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports , home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending . scroll down for video . numbers : labor department data shows the us economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in march , half of what was expected and the worst month since december 2013 . green jobs economy ? president barack obama was in utah on friday to promote an initiative that would see us veterans hired to work for the solar electricity industry . some of the weakness may prove temporary : an unseasonably cold march followed a brutal winter that slowed key sectors of the economy . last month 's subpar job growth could make the federal reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in june , as some have been anticipating . the fed may decide that the economy still needs the benefit of low borrowing costs to generate healthy growth . reflecting that sentiment , government bond yields fell friday . the yield on the u.s. 10-year treasury note dropped to 1.84 percent from 1.90 percent before the jobs report was released . u.s. stock markets are closed in observance of good friday . economists noted that for months hiring had been stronger than other gauges of the economy , suggesting that a pullback in job gains was inevitable . ' job growth has been running at a stupendous pace in america over the last several months , increasingly out of tune with other economic indicators , which have pointed to a slowdown , ' james marple , senior economist at td economics , wrote in a research note . ' the reckoning in march closes at least some of this gap . ' at the same time , some said last month 's data looks bleak in part because hiring had been so robust in the months that preceded it . ' employers are n't laying people off , ' noted patrick o'keefe , director of economic research at the accounting and consulting firm cohnreznick . ' what they 've decided to do is slow down the pace at which they 're hiring until they have more confidence . ' last month , the manufacturing , building and government sectors all shed workers . factories cut 1,000 , snapping a 19-month hiring streak . construction jobs also fell by 1,000 , the first drop in 15 months . hiring at restaurants plunged from february . the mining and logging sector , which includes oil drilling , lost 11,000 . some other categories showed continued gains . health care added 22,000 workers . professional and business services – a sector that includes lawyers , engineers , accountants and office temps – gained 40,000 . financial services expanded by 8,000 , and retailers maintained their 12-month pace by adding 25,900 . in addition to reporting sluggish hiring for march , the government revised down its estimate of job gains in february and january by a combined 69,000 . wage growth in march remained modest . average hourly wages rose 7 cents to $ 24.86 an hour . job fair : frances scoggins , left , attended a 15-county event in georgia in search of work on thursday . she 's been unemployed for the past four months . that marked a year-over-year pay increase of just 2.1 percent . but because average hours worked fell in march for the first time in 15 months , americans actually earned less on average than they did in february . tepid pay increases have been a drag on the economy since the great recession ended nearly six years ago . many americans remain out of the labor force , partly because many baby boomers are reaching retirement age . the percentage of americans who are either working or looking for work fell in march to 62.7 percent , tying the lowest such rate since 1978 . job growth had been healthy for more than a year before march . yet the streak of strong hiring , along with cheaper gasoline , has n't significantly boosted consumer spending . the fed signaled last month that it would be cautious in raising rates from record lows . the fed has yet to rule out a june rate hike . but many analysts expect the first increase no earlier than september . graph illustrating monthly us unemployment up to march 2015 . in part , that 's because fed officials have revised down the range of unemployment they view as consistent with a healthy economy to 5 percent to 5.2 percent from 5.2 percent to 5.5 percent previously . the weak hiring last month could give them further pause about a june rate hike . ' i think ( june ) is completely off the table , ' said carl tannenbaum , chief economist at the financial services company northern trust . the fed wo n't likely raise rates until it sees evidence of consistently solid growth . but the economy has weakened in the first two months of 2015 , in part because of the tough winter . cheaper oil has led energy companies to halt orders for pipelines and equipment , hurting manufacturers . at the same time , the strengthening dollar has made american-made goods costlier abroad , thereby cutting into exports . this year 's job growth has yet to ignite a larger boom in consumer spending . mcdonald 's , wal-mart , the gap and other major employers have announced raises for their lowest-paid employees . but those pay raises are staggered and unlikely to fuel faster wage growth . the economy has disproportionately added lower-paying jobs in the retail and restaurant sectors since the economic recovery began in mid-2009 . adding jobs in the lowest-paid industries can suppress average hourly wages , even when employers are rewarding cashiers , waiters and sales clerks with pay bumps .