ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on £4,500 ‘ golden hello’ payments because it is far cheaper than training them in britain . managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne . they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours . ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on £4,500 ‘ golden hello’ payments . the selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . it is the latest example of how the nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population . hospital managers have been flying out to spain and portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time . the ambulance service is also severely understaffed and , across england , around 1,250 posts are unfilled – a tenth of what is needed . the mail attended a fast-track recruitment event last month at the five-star sydney harbour marriott hotel , overlooking the famous opera house . our investigation discovered how : growing numbers of paramedics are quitting the nhs . many are frustrated at having to spend hours queuing outside a & e units which are too full to accept their patients . they are also being called out to a growing number of non-urgent calls from patients unable to see a gp . the selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . the increasing demand on ambulances means they are taking longer to reach the seriously ill. as a result , many paramedics are choosing to take up posts as ‘ advanced practitioners’ in a & e , gp surgeries and call centres for the 111 helpline where the work is less stressful and they can earn more . london ambulance service has been the hardest hit by this exodus . currently 340 posts are vacant , a fifth of the total workforce needed . last year alone more than 230 paramedics quit . however , australia has a surplus.other understaffed ambulance services in the uk are also going abroad , including to poland . as well as the 225 paramedics hired from australia last month , london ambulance service hired 175 from there and new zealand in september . managers are considering flying out again later this year and calculate that the first recruitment drive saved the nhs £9million . it costs £50,000 to train one paramedic in britain . each trip to australia costs the ambulance service £90,000 in flights and hotel bills , but they return having hired on average 200 paramedics . they are offered a £30,200 salary including london weighting . jason killens , director of operations at london ambulance service , said : ‘it’s not our long-term solution but is helping us fill a skills shortage while we train more people to become paramedics in the uk . ’ he said the paramedics had initially been filtered via an online form . tim jones is one of the many australians being lured to britain to work as a paramedic . he will join the london ambulance service when he finishes his degree course in october . the 22-year-old said it was ‘ exciting helping people’ , but also hopes it will enable him to see more of europe . he said : ‘ it was pitched as a lifestyle and a job – they really sold it to me . ’ he said friends who were offered jobs in september ‘ are absolutely loving it’ – including having the chance to see the tour de france . a lifestyle and a job : tim jones , left , during a skills test last month held at sydney harbour marriot hotel . kate tranter and fiancé will skelly , from sydney , will move over together in the hope of furthering their careers . miss tranter said : ‘ we are big travellers so it will be a good adventure together . we will spend a minimum of two years there . ’ mr skelly said : ‘i’ve always wanted to go to london as a paramedic because you get a variety of work and then you can shoot off to spain for the weekend . ’ celia potter , 23 , from katoomba in the blue mountains , new south wales , said she was encouraged to move to london after talking to friends given jobs in september . she said : ‘ one friend said they are thrown straight into it , but you also get a mentor for the first year which is good . ’