a cancer survivor who had to have part of his mouth removed after a tumour stopped him from swallowing has been given a new tongue made out of part of his arm . david billing , 48 , has told how he had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital , during which surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue . medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from mr billing 's arm . the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved . david billing , 48 , had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer , so doctors made him a new one out of skin from his arm - which still has hairs on it . the dramatic story began after mr billing , a part-time welder , went to his gp in october 2013 after being unable to swallow . after a second doctor 's appointment , he was referred to royal derby where specialists discovered an ulcer on the right-hand side of his tongue and confirmed it was cancer after a biopsy . he said : ' being told i had cancer was mind-blowing and a real low point for me . i had no idea when they found this ulcer in my mouth that this was what it would be . ' it was a double-blow for mr billing , as he had been made redundant just a week before from his job at digger manufacturer jcb . he said : ' it was all so overwhelming . my life and everything was ticking along nicely and the next thing i knew i 'd lost my job and needed to have a major operation . ' david had the procedure to remove the lump and rebuild his tongue on november 13 , 2013 . he said : ' i had to have a stomach tube fitted first and then go through the main procedure . mr billing was forced to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital ( pictured ) , with surgeons sawing between two teeth and through his jaw to get to the tumour . ' they had to cut through the jawbone and get my face wide open to get to the ulcer then they had to remove some lymph nodes in my neck too , just to be safe in case the cancer had spread . ' david spent nine days in hospital after his operation , returning now only for check-ups and once for the smaller procedure to reshape his tongue . he said : ' usually , people have to go on chemotherapy or radiotherapy after the operation and , during this , the skin tissue used to rebuild the tongue shrinks in size . ' because i did n't need either , it meant i later needed this smaller operation to have the bit of skin trimmed . ' my tongue 's absolutely fine . i had to have speech therapy after the procedure but it 's not had any long term impact on my speech or my eating or drinking . ' david continued to use a feeding tube and relied on liquid foods until his first proper meal on christmas day 2013 . and , in another fortunate turn of events , he was offered his old job a jcb back in march 2014 . he added : ' jcb actually took me back having originally laid me off because of a lack of work . mr billing , who is now preparing to run the london marathon to raise money for cancer research , says his speech is back to normal - though he does have to go to hospital to have his tongue shaved . ' it was the best feeling in the world when , two weeks after coming through the operation , the consultant told me the cancer was completely removed and i did n't even need radiotherapy or chemotherapy . ' now david is preparing to run the london marathon and is hoping to raise more than £3,000 for cancer research . he said : ' i was not fit or well at all when i was watching the london marathon last year but i thought how much i 'd love to do it . ' i 've never done anything like it before so , when i started feeling better , i decided to start training and now i 'm about to take part in this experience of a lifetime . ' if i can get over the finish line , whatever time i do it in , it will be absolutely brilliant . '