republican presidential candidate rand paul smacked around democratic rival hillary clinton at a campaign stop in new hampshire this morning on the eve of the former obama administration official 's first visit to the granite state as a proclaimed 2016 candidate . ' when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend . ' i 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering ' paul said , predicting that she 'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation 's donations from foreign actors . scroll down for video . ' when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , one for her baggage , ' rand paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend . then secretary of state hillary clinton is pictured here walking from her airplane on october 31 , 2012 upon her arrival at zagreb airport in croatia . clinton is now running for president and will campaign in new hampshire this week . clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed ' scooby ' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid . she ditched the van within days and flew back to the east coast , travelling coach . the wealthy democrat was spotted at the omaha , nebraska , airport on the way back carting her own luggage . paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the oval office in early april that clinton , a former first lady , u.s. senator , secretary of state and board member of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation would ' soon ' face a day of reckoning over the charity 's fundraising practices . ' i think there is big news coming on the clinton foundation , ' paul told fox news during a new hampshire swing earlier this month . ' i think there are things that went on at the clinton foundation that are going to shock people . ' ' i think they 're going to make people question whether she ought to run for president , ' he said , declining to go into more detail . he 's issued the foreboding warning several times since , saying today , ' there 's more coming , too . ' paul said that if clinton wants ' to be the candidate of women 's rights , ' she after to answer for the clinton foundation 's acceptance of gifts from saudi arabia , which disrespects women , as well as her use of a private email server while working at the state department . her knowledge of the security situation at the u.s. consulate in benghazi , libya before a september 11 , 2012 terrorist attack is also a concern . of all the obama administration 's numerous ' scandals , ' paul said benghazi is the one that ' bothers ' him the most and hit clinton for claiming it was below her ' pay grade ' to read the diplomatic cables that were sent to the state department in the days preceding the assault . event goers hold stop hillary signs during the first in the nation republican leadership summit in nashua , new hampshire today . paul warned today that clinton 's day of reckoning is coming over checks her family 's foundation took from foreign actors . rand paul shook hands with prospective voters and posed with a baby , 17-month-old michael alukonis , at a dinner in merrimack , new hampshire , this morning before his speech at the summit . the budding paul supporter is held by his grandfather , also michael alukonis , said a few words in favor of paul 's presidential bid at the campaign stop . putting daylight between himself and the rest of the presidential field , paul implied the benghazi attack would never have happened if he had been president because he never would have allowed a u.s. presence in libya in the first place . of his probable gop competitors , paul charged that ' they would have just done the same thing , just ten times over ' as president barack obama . ' they all look alike , all sound alike , they all dress alike and nothing ever changes , ' he said of his colleagues , two of whom - senators ted cruz of texas and marco rubio of florida - have already joined the race . rubio and cruz are also in town for the summit . cruz will give remarks , answer questions and participate in an event for young republicans this afternoon . rubio was the featured speaker at last night 's dinner . there , he took a swipe at clinton , too , over her recent visit to chipotle , where she came and went without being recognized and did not tip . the florida senator said he 'd been talking to former massachusetts senator scott brown backstage , and brown told him that clinton planned to raise 2.5 billion to support her 2016 run . ' that 's a lot of chipotle , my friends , ' he quipped . paul this morning stopped in a merrimack restaurant , the d.w. dinner , where he shook hands with prospective voters and even posed with a baby , 17-month-old michael alukonis , whose grandfather , also michael alukonis , said a few words in favor of paul 's presidential bid during the planned campaign stop . 