more than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists – and a further 20 million unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week if the tories are re-elected , labour claimed today . ed balls and the shadow health secretary andy burnham made the stark warning this morning , warning that the nhs ' can not survive ' another five years of the tories in government . the labour frontbenchers , launching a week of labour attacks on the nhs , said there had been a ' dramatic decline in standards ' in the nhs over the past five years . shadow chancellor ed balls said if standards continued to decline at the current rate , then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a & e and long waits to see gps . he said if standards continued to decline at the current rate then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a & e and long waits to see gps . ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes , 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys on a & e , mr burnham warned . labour said the figures were based on the latest official nhs data . in the latest gp-patient survey , 10.9 per cent of people say they were unable to get an appointment with a gp the last time they tried . this is up from 9.6 per cent in 2012 . on this trend , by 2020 , 14.8 per cent of people , some 8.4 million people , will be unable to get a gp appointment . a further 14.4 per cent of people are now waiting more than a week for a gp appointment . this is up from 12.0 per cent in 2012 . if this trend continues , some 21.7 per cent of people – more than 12.3 million people – will wait a week or more . a further two million a year will be forced to wait over four hours in a & e – up from 1.4million last year and just 350,000 in 2009/10 . shadow health secretary andy burnham said four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists – and a further 20 million unable to get a doctor 's appointment within a week if the tories are re-elected . hospital waiting lists are also set to spike , labour said . in may 2010 , there were 2.57 million people on the english waiting list – but by february this year , this had grown to 3.15million . on this trend , there will be 3.8 million people on the waiting list by may 2020 . labour said more than 100,000 operations will be cancelled in 2020 – up from . over 27,000 operations will be cancelled every year in 2020 – up from 13,000 in 2010 – with 600,000 a year waiting longer than four hours on trolleys . nicola sturgeon today attempted to trump labour on the nhs with a pledge to increase its budget by more than £8billion . ambulance call out times are also under growing pressure , labour said . in april 2011 , the average ambulance response time for immediately life-threatening call-outs was 5.30 minutes . by february 2015 response times had risen by 1.6 minutes to 6.91 minutes . if this trend were to continue over the next five years , the average ambulance response time in may 2020 would be 9.12 minutes , an increase of over two thirds on 2010 . the tories said labour were using the nhs as a political football . a conservative spokesperson said : ' this marks a new low in ed miliband 's desperate attempts to weaponise the nhs . his credibility on health is in tatters because he refuses to fund the £8 billion the nhs needs . ' by building a stronger economy , we have protected and improved the nhs with 9,500 more doctors , 6,900 more nurses , and 1.3 million more life-saving operations every year . ' there is only one threat to the future of our nhs and that is the economic chaos of an ed miliband-snp government . ' the future of the straining health service has become one of the key battlegrounds of the general election , with conservatives and liberal democrats pledging to find the £8 billion health chiefs say is needed by 2020 to prevent it buckling . labour has refused to commit to providing the same amount but insists it will do ' what is necessary ' and says its £2.5 billion spending plans are the only fully-funded proposals put forward so far . in an election dossier on the nhs , labour accuse the tories of having a secret plan for nhs charging . it claims public spending under the conservatives would drop to levels similar to countries that have greater charging in healthcare , such as switzerland , mexico and chile . at the launch of labour 's week of nhs campaigning , shadow health secretary andy burnham said : ' this is the real face of the tory party . they have let the cat out of the bag - five more years of david cameron means more nhs privatisation and charging . ' it is clear that , just like last time , cameron 's nhs promises have an expiry date of election day stamped on them . he promised no top-down reorganisation and brought forward the biggest-ever top-down reorganisation . if he gets back in , the nhs will be sunk by a toxic mix of cuts and privatisation . ' david cameron and george osborne , at a campaign event in crewe this morning , have accused the labour party of using the nhs as a political football . shadow chancellor ed balls added : ' david cameron is a serial offender when it comes to claims at election time . he broke his promises on the nhs , on vat and on tax credits last time . and he 'll break his promises again . ' because on top of their extreme spending plans to double the cuts next year , the tories have made billions of pounds of unfunded commitments in this election , including £10 billion of tax cuts and billions of pounds for rail fare freezes and paid time off for public servants to volunteer . ' and these unfunded promises will come before the nhs in the queue . ' in a speech to the scottish trades union congress mr miliband will say : ' the tory plans on the nhs are a double deceit . ' they are not being straight about their extreme plans to double the cuts to public services next year . ' and they are not being straight when they promise to protect the nhs , but can not say where a penny of additional money will come from . ' this double deceit is a double danger to the nhs . they have extreme spending plans and they ca n't tell us where the money is coming from . ' david cameron poses a risk to the very fabric and foundation of our nhs . ' that 's why we will fight every day to may 7 to stop a tory plan that threatens our nhs . ' and it 's why we have a different approach . ' a fully funded plan , with a mansion tax on properties worth over £2 million to pay for more nurses and doctors in every part of the united kingdom . '