police in upstate new york determined that a suspicious package that sparked an hours-long lockdown monday at hamilton college did not pose any threat . the liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows . campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45am . on lockown : hamilton college in clinton , new york , was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus . red flag : campus officials said someone called in a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at kirner-johnson building before 10am monday . exodus : police evacuated mcewen , milbank , babbitt , cafe opus and schambach buildings . a suspicious package was found in the kirner-johnson building , and k-9 dogs were on scene . students and staff were being asked not to use martin 's way , but to leave campus via green apple way to the field house . initially , only a part of the campus was placed on lockdown , but it was later extended to the entire school . a bomb squad from albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the kirner-johnson building . katey hopper , a student at hamilton who is the sister of a daily mail online manager , said in an email that the person who called in the threat this morning mentioned multiple bombs . the college senior told daily mail that police have located one suspicious package that was described as being ' larger than a purse . ' by 3.30pm , officers examined the item found at the kirner-johnson building and found it to be harmless . they also investigated another item discovered nearby as a precaution and were conducting a second security sweep . ms hopper , a field hockey player at hamilton , said the unidentified suspect allegedly told school officials he or she would shoot any student seen walking around campus , but no gunman has been seen . police evacuated mcewen , milbank , babbitt , cafe opus and schambach buildings while k-9 units were brought it to search the campus . students and staff were being asked not to use martin 's way , but to leave campus via green apple way to the field house . ms hopper , who has been on lockdown on the north side of the campus for more than four hours , said her fellow students and staff were ' on edge ' but did not feel an imminent threat . at around 12.40am , trooper jack keller said no one has been injured and there was no active shooter on campus , reported syracuse.com . emergency updates : college officials have been keeping the hamilton community abreast with the developing situations through emergency notifications . insititution : the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of syracuse , which was founded in 1793 as a boys ' school , currently has 1,929 students . shortly before 2pm , the college announced that all classes were cancelled for the day citing the ongoing lockdown and police investigation . according to its site , the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of syracuse , which was founded in 1793 as a boys ' school , currently has 1,850 students . the emergency comes just hours after wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , went into lockdown mode just before 9am over reports of an active shooter . according to reports , one person was fatally shots and the suspect was still at large .  