patriots coach bill belichick was just caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen 's posterior over the weekend , but his girlfriend is already prepared to forgive . while teigen 's husband , crooner john legend , was labeling the incident ' spy gate ' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time super bowl winner , his longtime girlfriend linda holliday wondered , ' who did n't check her out in this photo ? ' ' i think i even looked , ' holliday , who 's dated belichick since 2006 , wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from saturday's white house correspondents ' . scroll down for video ... eye-catching : new england patriots ' coach bill belichick was caught ogling model chrissy teigen 's derriere at the white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday . holliday , still a beauty herself at 51 , was smart to include the photo as evidence -- leggy chrissy looks stunning in a head-turning sheer and sparkly dress slit nearly to her hip . john legend was n't as quick to forgive . the singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the ' incident , ' which he dubbed ' spy gate . ' not to be outdone by the fallout from her own photo , teigen gave her husband a tongue-in-cheek response to his feigned outrage . girlfriend-approved : as the media shamed the 4-time super bowl winning coach , his girlfriend linda holliday put in her two cents . not too shabby : the longtime couple , together since 2006 , were unfazed by the teigen incident . ' @ johnlegend let me live , ' she tweeted . but living is exactly what the supermodel was doing during saturday 's soiree , where teigen was snapped hobnobbing with such notables as katie couric and jenna dewan-tatum . perhaps most notably , the guests of honor -- the president and first lady themselves -- took the time to take a photo with teigen , who posted it to instagram on monday with the message , ' friends forever . ' ' friends forever ' : teigen was snapped with the potus and flotus at satuday 's big event . she posted the shot with her optimistic message on monday . zuhair murad dress . check out other zuhair murad dresses at neiman marcus . visit site . you can always rely on chrissy teigen to bring the glamour to any event . whenever we see her on a red carpet , mrs john legend oozes sexy sophistication . and here , in this gorgeous zuhair murad gown , she proves this once again . known for his knock-out couture creations , murad , the lebanese designer , has an army of loyal fashionista a list star customers . they love his long , embellished and printed dresses . everyone from jane fonda to sofia vergara have worn one of his dresses . jennifer lopez is a huge fan . chrissy 's navy blue , slit-up-to-there , sheer bodice dress is one of a kind . we 've seen this style of gown from murad season after season - long sleeves , statement sparkles and sexy sheer - and it takes someone like chrissy to pull one off . what a great colour to contrast with the red carpet too ! and we love those barely-there , but blinged up sandals , and her understated black evening clutch too . you ca n't buy chrissy 's dress at the moment , but click ' buy now ' to see some other options from the designer over on neiman marcus . and have a look at some other , cheaper options below . forever unique tilda dress ( now reduced to $ 417.87 ) visit site . aq aq marina sequin maxi dress at asos ( now reduced to $ 237 ) . visit site . teri jon sequined lace gown at saks fifth avenue . visit site . diane von furstenberg long sequin dress at yoox . visit site . all in good fun ? teigen 's husband was less forgiving than holliday . he retweeted the photo , calling it ' spy gate ' .  not to be outdone by the fallout out from her own photo , teigen goaded her husband , ' let me live ' .  