a stunning new series of photographs of the late artist frida kahlo have been released as part of a new book . in the images , which are featured in frida kahlo : the gisèle freund photographs , the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed , walking around her house in mexico . the pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed , giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954 . scroll down for video . in the beautiful new pictures by gisèle freund the late artist frida is seen at her most intimate , her she is pictured standing in her garden in mexico . beautiful frida poses in her house ( left ) , in one picture she is seen lying in bed surrounded by books ( right ) . frida , whose real name was frida kahlo de rivera , was a painter who was best known for her self portraits . these images were strong and she has become a feminist icon for her striking and unapologetic style , her monobrow and signature , colourful outfits inspired by traditional mexican costume . the new photographs were taken by gisèle freund , a german-born french photographer , who had travelled to mexico in 1950 . having initially only planned to stay for two weeks she ended up staying for two years after becoming friends with frida and her husband , artist diego rivera . friday looks happy and relaxed here as she reclines on her sofa in a high necked shirt . frida kahlo and dr juan farill photographed in her home , 1951 , they are standing in front of one of frida 's paintings that was done of the pair . frida kahlo : the gisèle freund photographs photographs by gisèle freund texts by gérard de cortanze , gisèle freund , and lorraine audric published by abrams . gisele lived with the couple and began taking many photographs of the pair as they went about their daily lives . in the introduction to the book , cortanze quotes freund 's impressions of kahlo which she had told to rauda jamis who wrote a book about the artist . she is said to have said : ' she was a formidable being , but in great distress … not only because of the physical pain due to her terrible tram accident but because she was a deeply conflicted being . ' she loved men , but did not turn away from women . she would shower you with gifts large and small , ranging from a charm , a tiny brass ex-voto , or a good luck stone to pre-columbian pottery , as well as the heavy jewelry that she was crazy about … . ' one day she told me : i do n't want to live a long time . i am really suffering too much . ' frida spent much of her life in pain after a tram accident in 1925 . then a young woman she suffered serious injuries after the vehicle that she was riding in collided with a trolley car . these included damage to her spinal column , a broken collarbone , broken ribs , a broken pelvis , 11 fractures in her right leg , a crushed and dislocated right foot , and a dislocated shoulder . it was the accident which forced her to focus on her painting and give up a potential career in medicine which she had been studying . kahlo painted to pass the time while she was stuck in bed during the time following the accident . she passed away at just 47 and it is reported that her marriage to diego was a tumultuous . it is thought that both of them enjoyed extra-marital affairs with diego angering his wife when he had a relationship with her sister . they divorced in 1939 , however , they were back together again by 1940 . for all of frida 's hard work though it was n't really until after her death that her work began to gain world-wide recognition and over the years her pieces have been displayed around the world . her unique look has also previously been emulated by many celebrities . the singer beyonce once dressed up as frida . whilst in the artwork for her latest single 'b**** better have my money ' she seems to have copied the artist 's eyebrows . some of the photographs show the inside of frida 's house , some of the walls of which were covered in pictures ( left ) she also kept dolls on her fireplace ( right ) . there were many interesting artefacts in frida 's house including this turtle which was tucked away under a table . frida stands in the grounds of her gardens , her pose striking against the flora and fauna . frida stands in her garden a long shawl drapped elegantly around her shoulders .