a rescued baby orangutan whose heartbreaking plight captured the hearts of thousands , has gone on to find love . budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable . indeed , video footage captured at the international animal rescue's orangutan center in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . at one point jemmi nuzzles budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss . he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her . love at first sight : budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable . two peas in a pod : indeed , video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan rescue centre in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . mimicking : at one point jemmi nuzzles budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her . carers at the rescue center say that 15-month-old budi and jemmi have developed a ' beautiful friendship ' . along with eating meals together , they apparently enjoy playing around on the ropes and branches of their enclosure . a spokesperson added : ' if budi is taken into the day enclosure first he will keep looking back for jemmi and , if left on his own , will cry until his new friend joins him . ' at the end of the day they both make their way back to their shared hammock where they spend the night together . ' budi was dying from malnutrition and too weak to move when the international animal rescue discovered him in borneo , indonesia , last december . rescued : budi also had a tough start to life budi the orangutan and was found ( pictured ) lying on his back in a wire chicken coop without the strength to sit up . tragedy : this photo , taken at the time of his rescue , shows the 10-month-old with a thin blanket in his cage for comfort . along with being kept in a confined space , his owner had never given him a single mouthful of solid food for fear it would be bad for him - leaving his tiny limbs swollen and bent . earlier footage showed him crying in pain when one of his carers gently turned his body or lifted him to sit up . but thanks to intensive treatment and care from international animal rescue 's veterinary team , he made a remarkable recovery . meanwhile , eight-month-old jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet . despite their rough beginnings , the wonderful new footage shows the orangutans ' transformation from frail and helpless babies into inquisitive animals , now strong enough to swing from trees . they look extremely comfortable in each other 's company as they sit side-by-side . it 's hoped that their friendship gets them both used to being around other orangutans so they can hopefully be released into the wild some day . strength : the tiny orangutan did n't have the muscle strength to open his mouth when he was first rescued from a life of neglect . one of many : international animal rescue are keen to stress that budi 's story is not an isolate case and there are ' countless ' orangutans currently suffering from neglect in indonesia . alan knight , ceo of international animal rescue , said : ' as they start to form bonds with each other and then with other orangutans in baby school , they will learn from each other how to behave in the forest and gradually shed their dependence on their human babysitters . ' ' we could n't be happier to see how well budi is getting on with his new playmate . ' this first meeting is a milestone in the development of both babies . ' international animal rescue are keen to stress that budi 's story is not an isolate case and there are ' countless ' orangutans currently suffering from neglect in indonesia . the charity is currently caring for 83 orangutans who were being kept illegally as pets . the primates of all ages are now undergoing rehabilitation so they can eventually be released back into the wild . mr knight added : ' people are being very generous in their response to budi 's story and i would urge everyone please to keep on supporting us . ' the more people give , the more orangutans we can rescue and help on their journey back to a protected place in the forest where they belong . '