with a sting like a hot nail being hammered into the body , asian hornets have killed at least six people in france . now experts fear millions of them could be heading for britain – and the threats they pose are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers . this is because the two-inch-long asian hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees . they pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it . scroll down for video . sting in the tail ? experts fear millions of two-inch-long asian hornets ( above ) could be heading to britain after leaving six people dead and terrorising wildlife in france . the hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some chinese pot plants in 2004 . it has colonised huge swathes of the country and , with a few hornets capable of destroying 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours , honey production has plummeted . the norfolk beekeepers ' association will hold its bee health seminar at easton and otley college on may 23 , organised in conjunction with the national bee unit , which delivers the bee health programmes on behalf of department for environment food and rural affairs ( defra ) . topics under discussion will also highly infectious diseases which threaten bee colonies such as european and american foulbrood . carolyne liston , chairman of the norfolk beekeepers ' association , warned asian hornets are a ' very , very aggressive predator ' and said they could ' come here on the wind ' . she said : ' they can absolutely decimate colonies and we are concerned that it is going to come in on someone 's caravan who has been travelling in france . ' uk beekeepers have been sent email alerts by defra asking them to be on the look-out for the menaces . danger : the threats posed by asian hornets are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers , while uk beekeepers have been sent email alerts by defra asking them to be on the look-out . the asian hornet can measure up to 2in long with a 3in wingspan – slightly smaller than the european hornet but much more aggressive . one asian hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute , while a handful can destroy a hive of 30,000 bees in a couple of hours . they build rugby ball-shaped nests in trees , housing some 500 hornets . they scare off intruders by sending a lone worker hornet to ' warn ' them – if that fails , the workers attack en masse . worker hornets have lifespans of 30-55 days . asian hornets have a black head with an orange-yellow face and bright yellow leg tips , while the european hornet has a copper coloured head with a bright-yellow face and entirely reddish-brown legs . they have been urged not to approach nests , which they say hornets make in tall trees or in garages and sheds . if asian hornets are spotted here , the national bee unit will send out experts from the animal health veterinary laboratories agency to kill them using special chemicals . ministers drew up battle plans in case killer asian hornets are discovered in britain last year . a law announced in the queen 's speech gave officials powers to enter private land and destroy new invasive species within days . groups of asian hornets hover in front of a beehive , picking off single honeybees , decapitating them and stripping off their wings and legs before making off with the ' meat ball ' to feed their young . in asia , honeybees have learned to encircle an intruder hornet and , by flapping their wings , cause it to overheat and die . but the french bees have not had enough time to evolve an effective tactic . the hornet sting can be extremely painful to humans but , like bee stings , it is likely to kill only if the victim has a severe allergic reaction . the victims in france died from anaphylactic shock after being stung . last night , a defra spokesman confirmed there had been no sightings of asian hornets in the uk so far .