a man , 21 , allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car on saturday and screamed , ' you will never see your parents again ! ' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride . kong meng xiong , 21 , of st. paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . the star tribune reports that the girl 's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xiong , whom she was dating , because of their age differences . alleged kidnapper : kong meng xiong , 21 , of st.paul , minnesota has been arrested after he allegedly tried to force his 15-year-old girlfriend to be his traditional hmong bride . xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and xiong to marry in the hmong tradition . the girl , who has not been identified because she is a minor , told police that xiong was her ' boyfriend ' and that they got into a physical argument over the prospect of marriage on saturday night . xiong allegedly threw the girl 's ipad against a wall at her family 's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car . her parents were not home at the time . the girl told police that she managed to escape but that xiong took hold of her a second time , forced her into his car , and took her to his family 's home . when the girl 's parents returned home from work at around noon on sunday , they learned of the kidnapping from their oldest son . the girl 's parents called xiong 's parents and demanded that they give them their daughter back . the girl 's older brother later drove to the xiong 's home where they willingly let the girl go home . the girl told police that she and xiong had been ' dating ' in january and first had sex when she was just 14-years-old . the victim 's father told police that xiong asked him to marry his daughter on multiple occasions but that he said no because of their large age difference . xiong admitted to kidnapping the girl and said that she tried to escape from him on highway 26 . this is not xiong 's first brush with the law . in 2009 xiong was tried in juvenile court or sexually assaulting a 13-year-old girl when he was 15 . he pleaded guilty . ramsey county attorney john choi said about the case , ' this is a very disturbing case involving the victimization of a 15-year-old girl that can not be tolerated in our community . ' women and girls are not property , they are human beings who have every right to be free from violence and to live according to how they choose for themselves . ' we allege that the defendant has sexually exploited a minor who can not legally consent to sex , and has taken violent actions to kidnap and hold the victim against her will . ' according to hmongculture.net , the hmong are an ethnic group that come from laos , thailand , vietnam , and laos . in the late 1980s many hmong people came to the united states after being sponsored by the lutheran church . the majority relocated to st. paul , minnesota and fresno , california . in traditional hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl 's family to wed her . if that method fails , there is a tradition of 'bride-napping ' in hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house when her parents are not home . if the girl does not accept a gift from her sometimes forceful suitor then she may go back to her family , says ahmongwoman.com .