it has long been considered the most expensive place in the uk to buy property , but it seems london is being pipped to the post by coastal salcombe . according to data , analysed by harbour hotels , the average cost of property in london - a whopping £638,217 - actually falls below that of the devon enclave . the seaside town in the south hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price : £671,759 . according to new data , the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , now tops the average cost in london . this is more then the average cost of property in some of the uk 's most expensive cities , including oxford , bath and edinburgh . and for those who want a room with a water view , that will cost you even more . the average value of a waterfront property in salcombe tops £2million , putting it ahead of some of london 's priciest postcodes , including notting hill and regent 's park . in the west london neighbourhood of notting hill , prices average £1,629,495 , while regent 's park comes in with an average property value of £1,338,467 and hampstead heath close behind at £1,270,274 . in the pricey west london neighbourhood of notting hill , property prices average £1,629,465 . regent 's park comes in with an average cost of £1,338,467 and hampstead heath ( pictured ) at £1,270,274 . in salcombe , property facing the estuary cost as high as £2 million , with non-sea views tallying £671,759 . salcombe made headlines last spring when it was named britain 's most expensive seaside resort . since then , property prices have continued to soar , increasing ten per cent in the last 12 months alone , which puts salcombe 's property market on par with london 's 11 per cent yearly increase . nearby seaside competitors , like sandbanks , aldeburgh and padstow , however , have seen a dip in prices of about eight per cent on average . property prices in salcombe have soared 10 per cent in the last 12 months , while padstow has seen an 8 per cent decrease . to visit salcombe - without parting with millions of pounds - the salcombe harbour hotel has rooms from £425 . with summer quickly approaching , many uk travellers will holiday in salcombe to soak up a bit of sun and the million pound view . in fact , the most recent assessment places a view of the salcombe estuary as being worth £1.3 million , given the average property cost of over £600,000 and an average waterfront property price of £2million . known as 'chelsea-on-sea , ' the idyllic waterside community is a yachting and sailing paradise , and home to fresh seafood and many stunning beaches . for those who fancy a taste of the millionaire lifestyle - without the accompanying price tag - the salcombe harbour hotel & spa has waterfront rooms priced from £425 this summer season . 