sam allardyce believes queens park rangers goalkeeper rob green is good enough to challenge england no 1 joe hart for a place in the national team . green , capped 12 times , endured a famously turbulent time as england goalkeeper , with his calamitous error in england’s 1-1 draw with usa at the 2010 world cup a particular lowlight . but after a fine 2011-12 season with allardyce’s west ham in the championship , he gained his first international cap since world cup humiliation . and allardyce , whose side face green and co at loftus road on saturday , still holds his former stopper in high esteem and thinks the 35-year-old could once again stake a claim to be england’s main man between the posts . rob green trains ahead of qpr 's premier league match against his former club west ham on saturday . green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in the world cup against usa in 2010 . the qpr goalkeeper allowed a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it . the ball trickled over the line as clint dempsey 's strike earned usa a 1-1 in the opening group match . ‘ he could rival joe hart , ’ allardyce began . ‘ robert has had an unfortunate england career by the fact that , when called upon , he made a mistake that has probably haunted him for a while . ‘ if he has overcome that , the experience he has gained since should make him a better goalkeeper . and after a difficult time at qpr , he has shone through because of his dedication . ’ green swapped east for west london after west ham sealed promotion back to the premier league with a 2-1 play-off final victory over blackpool . and allardyce , who was forced to let green leave on a free transfer due to financial constraints , thinks the keeper will be crucial to qpr’s bid to avoid the drop . ‘ financially we could n't get there – that was the key element , ’ allardyce said of west ham’s attempts to keep green at the club . west ham manager sam allardyce says green can rival joe hart for england no 1 spot . green faces his old club at loftus road on saturday as qpr bid to beat the drop . ‘ it was n't that robert did n't want to stay – he did . but we could n't match , at that time , his financial demands and qpr did . ‘ robert is a dedicated goalkeeper who works tirelessly on his game , and has a huge amount of experience now which , hopefully – not on saturday – will help qpr stay up . ’