her top tips to achieving success include trusting your guts , be bold , and never back down . and jo burston certainly lives her mantra . the award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $ 40 million in its first four years . ' i was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised i wanted more , ' says burston . ' i was on a working trip to melbourne where i was meant to be pitching on behalf of my employer to an investor but i thought , `` i have 15 minutes , i better make the most of it '' . scroll down for video . seventh start-up : australian entrepreneur jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business . ' when i walked into the investor 's office he had all these computer screens going and there was this energy in the room , he had this vibrancy . ' so i walked straight to his side of the desk and said `` i 'm going to be here anyway one day so i may as well sit here now . '' ' ' he laughed and said `` who the hell are you ? ! '' six weeks later i started job capitol and he became my first investor and mentor . ' 1.surround yourself with inspiration . ' find people that are better at what you do than you . be around them and up your knowledge all the time . ' 2 . hire the right people . ' from admin , to tactical , get those who are skilled in areas that you are n't as much . ' 3 . trust your gut instinct . ' when i 've fallen in a big heap it 's been because i have n't followed my instinct . 4 . know your numbers . ' when you 're looking for investors , know your financial literacy . they always look at numbers first , then passion and capability of the entrepreneur . 5.never give up . ' my mentor always says ' when you 're in the ring , fight until the end . ' so even if you get hit get hit , get back up and be stronger for it . burston , 43 , has now started eight companies , and last year caught the attention of richard branson while staying on his private retreat necker island . she was invited to visit necker island with a group other entrepreneurs . high on her bucket-list , she jumped at the chance and it was during alone time with the virgin mogul that her new project ' inspiring rare birds ' came into being . ' i was very conscious [ of the fact that ] he 's a busy man - you can imagine how many times he gets pitched to in a day , ' says burston . burston told branson and the staff at virgin unite about a new business concept she had that focused on the lack of awareness surrounding female entrepreneurs . ' i had taken a film crew to my local high school , reversby high and talked to girls aged 8-17 about what an entrepreneur was and who came to mind , ' says burston . ' they said bill gates , mark zuckerberg and oprah , but they could n't think of one australian and most did n't associate entrepreneurs with women . ' the man , the myth , the legend : burston received wise advice from branson to : ' say yes and figure it out later ' . empower entrepreneurs : burston hopes new venture ' inspiring rare birds ' will empower women in business . ' i was so upset about the whole thing , it became the catalyst for my new business . i wanted to change the perception in australia to be about recognising women as influential and doing incredible things , both socially and economically . ' needless to say , branson and his team were won over and it was n't long before she was flying to london to work with virgin unite on the idea further . but before burston left , she was given some wise words of wisdom from branson . he taught me to `` ' say yes and work the rest out later , '' and to keep things simple . he can look at the most complex problem and have a simple , well thought out and articulate way of delivering it . ' inspiration island : necker island is branson 's privately owned island in the british virgin islands . idyllic for ideas : on necker , burston says her business concept inspired women and helped launch her brand . since necker island , burston has gone on to launch her new business venture ' inspiring rare birds ' a philanthropic endeavour she calls a ' business with a beating heart that 's social , sustainable and has a profitable smart heart ( neither non-profit nor capitalistic ) . ' the website inspiring rare birds hosts a range of tools , support and network to help australian female entrepreneurs reach their full potential . currently there is a mentor program whereby young entrepreneurs can be connected with senior mentors ( who are captain of industry executives or successful entrepreneurs ) . the program is a collaboration with virgin unite , and soon there will be a ' deal room ' - an online portal where entrepreneurs can source investors . start-up success : burston 's experience has lead to her releasing book to inspire and share success stories . to coincide with the website launch , burston also published a book ' rare birds : australia 's 50 influential women entrepreneurs ' which she plans to produce annually to spread the word about up and coming success stories . ' my goal now is to aim for a million female entrepreneurs globally by 2020 , ' she says . ' i want someone to be able to ask a little girl what she wants to do and her say she wants to be an entrepreneur , have her own company and change the world . '