the time has come for australia’s favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett to sell his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney’s affluent eastern suburbs . the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist has put his family’s sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $ 1.05 million . the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may . as to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar’s home boasts beautiful high ceilings . scroll down for video . the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist is listing his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney’s affluent eastern suburbs . the fresh , white kitchen opens up to a beautiful tiled courtyard at the rear of the home , bathed in sunlight and perfect for entertaining . the three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom , looking out onto the street . the property has been exquisitely renovated and ‘ achieving a beautifully balanced blend of period charm and contemporary touches , ’ according to belle property randwick . the garretts live just a short distance from 101 acres of greenery at centennial parklands and are just a short bus ride to iconic beaches such as bondi , maroubra and coogee . it offers the ultimate sydney lifestyle for any homeowner , whilst being less than 7km to the cbd . the property was bought by garrett for $ 932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection , heritage and the arts as part of the gillard government . upon entering the home you are greeted by the living areas , masterfully designed with a clever use of space to include a living room , dining room , study nook and kitchen . the kitchen is crisp and clean with white , a light blue splashback and state-of-the-art kitchen appliances . from the kitchen , french doors open up the home . with the doors open , the dining room is extended out into the garden - filling the house with light and making the home even more spacious . the family of five also own a property in mittagong in nsw’s south coast , ensuring they can enjoy the best of both city and country dwelling . the home is on a peaceful , historic randwick north street facade , charismatically built into the slope of gordon street . the three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom , looking out onto the street . the winding staircase leads up from the lounge room to the bedrooms . the downstairs rooms have polished floorboards . upon entering the home you are greeted by the living areas , masterfully designed with a clever use of space to include a living room , dining room , study nook and kitchen . from the kitchen , french doors open up the home . with the doors open , the dining room is extended out into the garden - filling the house with light and making the home even more spacious . as to be expected from the former environmental minister , the garden is filled with greenery despite the city landscape and concrete surroundings . as to be expected from the former environmental minister , the garden is filled with greenery despite the city landscape . the winding staircase leads up from the lounge room to the bedrooms . the master bedroom has beautiful french doors which also open out onto a balcony . it is peaceful space to watch the day go by – enjoying a view of the stunning city skyline over the classic wrought iron balustrade . the property has been listed by belle property randwick and will go to auction on may 16th . the three bedrooms are all carpeted and all but one have built-in wardrobes . the stunning french doors open up to ensure light-filled , airy bedrooms . the stark white bathroom might have been a battle as peter garrett has three daughters ! he also at 193 centimetres tall , may have struggled to fit in the bathtub .