the first robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of fukushima nuclear power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission . these incredible pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster . more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago . nearly 16,000 people lost their lives in the natural disaster and subsequent devastation . scroll down for video . these are the first incredible pictures inside the melted nuclear reactor at fukushima power plant after the 2011 disaster . the photographs were captured as part of the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors . the photographs were captured as part of the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors . developed by hitachi-ge nuclear energy and the international research institute for nuclear decommissioning , it was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction . but decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable ' transformer ' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned . a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction . the tokyo electric power company , which operates the wrecked fukushima nuclear plant , admitted the robot had only completed two-thirds of friday 's planned mission inside the unit 1 containment vessel before it failed . but the company said it had collected enough data to indicate there was path to send robots deeper into the reactor . it leaves the door open to a new generation of remote-controlled robot missions which may finally reveal the residue of the melted fuel for the first time since the 2011 disaster . but it stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned . a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction . the tokyo electric power company , which operates the wrecked fukushima nuclear plant , admitted the robot had only completed two-thirds of friday 's planned mission inside the unit 1 containment vessel before it failed . tepco spokesman teruaki kobayashi said the robot sufficiently collected temperature , radiation levels and images from parts of the platform just below the reactor core 's bottom by the time it got stuck and became unrecoverable . mr kobayashi said the test also showed the robot tolerated radiation and that the radiation levels were significantly lower than anticipated . that means robots can last longer and some wireless device may even be usable , even though the radiation levels were way too high for humans to enter the area , even wearing protective gear . although there were no fatalities from radiation exposure , 300,000 residents were moved from a 20-mile radius of the nuclear plant . in total there were nearly 16,000 deaths reported from the natural disaster and subsequent devastation . three of the six reactors blew up when a tsunami measuring 9 on the richter scale hit the region . clean-up expected to take decades , and cost more than £18 billion . an investigation panel deduced the disaster had major elements of being 'man-made , ' and there was a ''culture of complacency about nuclear safety and poor crisis management . ' data will be used to improve future damage assessments , which are crucial to the safe decommissioning of the plant damaged by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami . tepco plans to send in a different , amphibious robot next year for further investigation of the three reactors that suffered meltdowns . computer simulation and cosmic ray examinations have shown that almost all fuel rods in the unit 1 reactor have melted , breached the core and are now lying at the bottom of the containment chamber . the nuclear plant is still being taken apart , and it is estimated it will take decades to make the area safe , as well as cost billions of pounds . with soil and water contaminated , nobody can live there yet , and it is unknown when the clean-up mission will be completed . reports found that few cancers would be expected as a result of accumulated radiation exposures , although people in the area worst affected by the accident may have a slightly higher risk of developing certain cancers such as leukemia , solid cancers , thyroid cancer and breast cancer . surveys show only a fifth of former residents want to return to living in the area . the plant has six reactors , three of which were offline when disaster struck on march 11 , 2011 . more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago . nearly 16,000 people lost their lives in the natural disaster and subsequent devastation . a magnitude-9.0 earthquake triggered a huge tsunami which swept into the plant and knocked out its backup power and cooling systems , leading to meltdowns at the three active reactors . the fukushima nuclear accident independent investigation commission found the nuclear disaster was ' manmade ' and that its direct causes were all foreseeable . it stated that it had also failed to meet the most basic safety requirements , such as assessing the probability of damage , preparing for containing collateral damage from such a disaster , and developing evacuation plans . decommissioning and dismantling all six reactors is a delicate , time-consuming process that includes removing the melted fuel from a highly radioactive environment , as well as all the extra fuel rods , which sit in cooling pools at the top of the reactor buildings . workers , who wear protective suits when dismantling the plant , must determine the exact condition of the melted fuel debris and develop remote-controlled and radiation-resistant robotics to deal with it . the process is expected to take at least 40 years . contamination levels are low , which means people can , for a limited time , view the destruction site . decommissioning and dismantling all six reactors is a delicate , time-consuming process that includes removing the melted fuel from a highly radioactive environment , as well as all the extra fuel rods , which sit in cooling pools at the top of the reactor buildings .    