young father : michael owen was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed along with his friend kyle careford in east sussex . tributes have been paid to two young friends who tragically died after their car crashed into a church wall . the men , named locally as michael owen and kyle careford , were killed in the road accident in crowborough , east sussex in the early hours of sunday morning . mr owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed . his grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still ca n't accept he 's gone . describing mr owen 's relationship with his daughter lily-rose iris , his father stephen , 50 , said : ' he was only 16 when he had her but he was responsible and loved her to bits . ' he was with her any second he could be . he was always so safe . did something fail on the car or did they hit the curb ? ' mr owen 's stepmother sylvia added : ' everybody loved him . he had so many friends and everyone 's absolutely devastated . ' he was a lovely person and he was a brilliant father . ' until we see him we ca n't accept it . we keep getting up in the night and looking for his car down the road . ' kyle careford , the other man in the car , is thought to have died just days before turning 21 . it is believed that one of the men lost control of the renault clio they were travelling in as it came round a bend , smashing into a church 's stone wall before finishing on its roof . skid marks lead up to an approximately ten metre long gap in a sandstone wall that was destroyed in the crash . flowers and tributes have been left at the scene by family and friends . one heartbreaking card to mr owen reads : ' to daddy , i love you so much . i 'm gon na miss you every day . love u daddy . lily and josh . ' mr owen was still at school when he fathered lily-rose with his former partner lauren molloy . a card signed by lauren , believed to be lily-rose 's mother ms molloy , read : ' i ca n't describe how heartbroken i am . i love you so much and so does our beautiful princess . ' you was an amazing dad and was always there for me . i 'm so sorry i did n't let us be a family again . tragic : flowers and tributes have been left at the scene of the accident , which happened in front of a church . crash scene : the wall hit by the car is almost completely demolished and there are skid marks on the road . ' if only i could turn back time i would take you back straight away . i will do everything for our daughter i promise and i will tell her how amazing you are . ' the 21-year-old worked in book printing but on friday he was told he had landed a new job in window screen repair at the same firm as his stepbrother karl rabbitt , 36 . the brother of mr careford led tributes to the pair . in a card left at the scene , brother ben wrote : ' i ca n't explain how i am feeling . when you left us this morning to be in god 's arms you took a piece of me away . ' i 'm not quite sure how to tell your niece grace that her uncle kyle is now in heaven . i 'm sure he will treasure her frozen onesie even more now . ' tributes have also been paid to the men on facebook , with friend , tyler scales , writing : ' my deepest sympathy and thoughts go out to all those who have loved and lost . ' be safe , and think about how lucky you really are . life can be taken so quick it 's unbelievable and very unfair . big love to all those affected by the loss of life . ' another friend , sheri pitman added : ' rip kyle . you were such a good kid and never deserved that . ' both men were from tunbridge wells , kent , not far from the crash scene . moving : one of the many notes left by grieving friends and family at the scene of the crash . after hearing a loud bang , local residents quickly called the emergency services , but the men , who had suffered horrific injuries , are thought to have died instantly . firefighters had to cut their bodies out of the mangled wreckage . there were no other cars involved in the crash . a spokesman for sussex police said : ' at about 12.40am on 12 april a collision occurred in rotherfield road , crowborough . a renault clio collided with the wall of the church and overturned . ' there were two male occupants on the car and sadly both were declared deceased at the scene . ' police are carrying out an investigation into the cause of the collision and to identify the two men in the car . ' police are appealing for witnesses and anyone with information should contact 101 quoting operation lapwing . ' it is believed both men will be formally identified tomorrow morning . a spokesman for east sussex fire and rescue service added : ' we attended the scene and the car was on its roof . there were two young males trapped inside who were declared dead at the scene . ' we had to use cutting gear to get them out but they were already dead . '