a father and his two sons who accosted pensioners with dementia in the street asking for payment for roof repairs they had n't done have been jailed for a total of eight years . albert webb , 51 , and sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse webb , 19 , followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office after they had collected their pensions before demanding the cash . if the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . albert webb , 51 , from surrey , was jailed for three and a half years and son jimmy chuter , 26 , was jailed for four years after they harassed pensioners with dementia in the street , demanding money . in total the family gang carried out 35 thefts , starting in february 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local post office . most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was a 97-year-old man . the trio would drive alongside their victims in a silver mercedes c200 until they got close to their house , before jumping out and telling them they had come to collect payment for roofing work . jesse webb , 19 , was due to be sentenced with his father and brother , but went on the run . he was given a 12 month term this week after being caught . in fact , no work had been carried out , but because many of the elderly victims were suffering from dementia , they simply accepted what they were being told . the offending continued until october 2015 across hertfordshire , avon and somerset , hampshire , oxford and surrey . by the time officers from hertfordshire constabulary managed to catch up with the gang , it is believed they had taken around £15,000 from their vulnerable victims . appearing at st albans crown court in january , chuter , from somerset , was jailed for four years for conspiracy to defraud and albert webb , from surrey , was sentenced to three-and-a-half years for burglary and fraud offences . jesse webb was due to be sentenced on the same day , but went on the run . he was tracked down and appeared in the dock on thursday this week , where he was given 12 months behind bars . detective constable kieran doyle said : ' we were able to arrest his father and brother and bring them before the courts but jesse evaded police so upon their sentencing , we issued a wanted appeal to trace jesse . ' we received information which led us to him and i 'm pleased that he has had his day in court . ' these really were shameful crimes and it 's beyond belief that they could stoop so low to pick out their victims and follow them home , and then make them believe they had carried out repairs to their house and harass them for money . ' officers have started proceedings to confiscate their criminal gains under the proceeds of crime act.the vehicle used during the crimes has already been confiscated by police . st albans crown court heard that the trio would follow their elderly victims , often stalking them home from the post office , before jumping out of a car and demanding cash for repairs they had n't done .