david cameron likes to project an image as the ' chillaxing ' statesman unruffled by political troubles - but this morning his usual demeanour seemed to desert him as he donned a bizarre outfit on the campaign trail . the prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at penzance today , ahead of a speech in which he delivered his ' plan for cornwall ' . the conservatives are battling against their coalition partners in the south-west as they seek to wrest control of key constituencies from the liberal democrats . but mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally , with just 14 days to go until polling day . get-up : david cameron stepped off the sleeper train at penzance this morning wearing jeans , smart shoes and a navy jacket . journey : the prime minister travelled for eight hours from paddington station to reach cornwall . tired out : the tory leader did not appear to have enjoyed a good night 's sleep on the train and was wearing an unusual combination of solely dark colours . a yougov poll published this morning put labour on 34 per cent - one point ahead of the tories . the lib dems trail on 7 per cent with ukip in third on 14 per cent . mr cameron said in an interview this week that he ' always manages to portray a calm smoothness ' - however , he looked anything but smooth at penzance station . the prime minister seemed as if he had had trouble sleeping on the eight-hour journey from london 's paddington station . his hair was unkempt and he was wearing an unusual combination of jeans with shiny loafers which might be considered more appropriate for a smart business suit . destination : he apparently chose the sleeper to avoid taking time out of his schedule to travel . outfit : mr cameron wore a navy jacket , dark blue shirt , jeans and smart black shoes - as well as a red box . inspiration ? mr cameron may have been trying to channel the style sense of us president barack obama . mr cameron sported a navy jacket with a dark blue polo shirt , and set off his outfit with the ultimate status symbol - a red box holding ministerial papers , which only a few dozen people are entitled to carry . while the jacket may have looked inoffensive , the tory leader may have been making a political statement in support of the union , as it appears to have been made by scottish firm lyle & scott . similar models retail online for around £125 . speaking at a factory later , he insisted that he had in fact slept very well - because his wife samantha was not there to complain about him talking in his sleep . mr cameron said : ' it was very comfortable , very nice it was too , to have a night without the children waking me up or mrs cameron nudging me in the ribs and telling me to shut up for talking in my sleep . ' in an interview with the spectator published yesterday , mr cameron was asked why he has a reputation for lacking passion while on the campaign trail . changed : the leader put on a more formal outfit for his speech at a company in penzance . gimmick : mr cameron tried out a selfie stick during a visit to radio station pirate fm today . snap : the prime minister used the gadget to take this photograph of himself with the station 's staff . he replied : ' i do n't know . there is something about me - i always manage to portray a calm smoothness or something . ' but he went on to point to his hectic campaigning schedule - as shown by his decision to spend the night on the sleeper train in order to reduce his travel time in the day . while the overnight journey from london to penzance lasts eight hours , mr cameron would have had to carve out five hours from his schedule if he had travelled to cornwall in the daytime . there is also a 70-minute flight from gatwick to newquay airport , not far from penzance , but the prime minister may have calculated that taking the train is likely to project a more down-to-earth image . fun : the prime minister took part in selfies with tory activists during one of his cornish campaign stops . speech : workers at the rodda dairy factory in redruth watch mr cameron address them . back to business : in the afternoon the prime minister flew to brussels for a summit on the ongoing mediterranean migrant crisis . the constituency of st ives , where penzance is located , is the most remote in the uk because it also contains the scilly isles . it is typically the last area to declare its results after a general election , due to the need to transport ballots from the islands to the mainland the morning after the vote . the seat is currently held by lib dem andrew george , but the tories will be keen to overturn his 1,719 majority as part of efforts to drive the party out of the south-west . in his speech at a scaffolding firm this morning , mr cameron told activists that labour do not care about anything ' west of bristol ' , adding : ' now imagine what it would be like if alex salmond was calling the shots . ' how the true blue pm takes refuge in navy outfits for work and play . the prime minister is known for his love of navy outfits - nearly all of his suits are dark blue , and he also sports the inoffensive colour when on holiday in britain or abroad . he often resorts to navy polo shirts even while wearing casual attire such as shorts or flip-flops , having apparently calculated that the shade suits him and is unlikely to cause a political stir compared to more outlandish choices . on the campaign trail in recent weeks he has usually donned a navy suit - with the main exception being when he puts on high-viz jacket and hard hat for a visit to a factory . favourite : mr cameron often wears navy blue when he is off duty , like in this photograph from his cornish holiday in summer 2013 . relaxed : the prime minister wore dark blue again while on holiday with wife samantha in portugal last year . suit : mr cameron was wearing a dark jacket and trousers at a campaign event in bedford yesterday . superspy : david cameron has backed william hague to take over the role of james bond . david cameron has backed his cabinet colleague william hague to be the next james bond - saying that it 's time for britain 's most famous spy to be portrayed by a yorkshireman . speaking to magic radio 's nick snaith , the prime minister was asked who he thought should take over from daniel craig when he gives up the role of 007 . mr cameron replied : ' i 'm a sean connery man so who is most like sean connery ? is it time for a yorkshire james bond ? is it time for william hague to step forward ? ' he 's fit , he 's healthy , he does yoga , he can probably crack a man 's skull between his knee caps . i 'd go for william hague . ' you know we might have to sort out one or two things but i think he 'd be good . ' mr hague , the former tory leader and foreign secretary , is set to have time on his hand after the election because he is retiring from government . mr cameron 's rivals have previously weighed in on the bond question - ed miliband said he thought rosamund pike should become the first female 007 , while nigel farage proposed himself for the action role . in today 's interview , the prime minister also confessed to his love of game of thrones , saying : ' i am a big throny , i think it 's great . i went to the set the other day . ' so i 've stood on the wall . i 've held oath keeper ... brienne of tarth 's sword . i was in tyrion lannister 's bedroom . ' well it 's a bit like politics but actually , you know , you die even faster in game of thrones than you do in my chosen profession . '