sir alex ferguson , the quiet years . no singular drive , no all-consuming discipline that keeps him on the go from pre-dawn ‘til the streetlights are burning bright . as this most honoured of sporting knights puts it himself : ‘ i don’t have obsessions now . ’ there’s certainly nothing that comes close to football for the famous fergie , who has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes ; at last count , he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations . and it will surprise no-one to learn that , while doing his bit for unicef , barnardo’s et al , a little of the old firebrand spirit still burns brightly . if you want to build a statue to a govan radical who led a rent strike and changed more than just her own wee corner of the world , sir alex is the man you call . sir alex ferguson watches on from the stands during manchester united 's clash with chelsea on april 18 . ferguson , in glasgow on thursday to make a £5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund , actually physically writing out a cheque towards a permanent memorial , revealed that his life hasn’t so much slowed down as merely changed gear since he stepped down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013 . the 73-year-old , who had lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 , was famous not just for the trophies won – his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain’s most successful ever manager – but the hours put in . raised to believe that hard work was as necessary as breathing , ferguson’s ability to push players hard was based at least in part on the example he set himself . that work ethic , simply part of his upbringing in govan , isn’t something he’s let slide just because he no longer has one demanding day job . ‘ what i’m doing is making sure i remain active , ’ said ferguson , looking trim and at ease . ‘that’s important when you retire , so i’ve got many things on my plate . ‘it’s funny , though . it’s a different kind of work . whereas at united i was in at quarter to seven every morning , and be there to tea time every day , that was one constant thing all your life – i was doing one thing . ferguson celebrates united 's premier league title victory in may 2013 with rio ferdinand . ‘ now i’m doing different things , which is maybe even more exhausting ! there is no one thing , nothing like that . i don’t have obsessions now . i don’t get up at six o’clock in the morning , that’s for sure . i have a long lie now and again . ’ football is no longer the dominant factor in his life , with even questions on the game receiving short shrift , although – and this wasn’t always the case back in his managerial days - he was very polite in his refusal , answering the one out-of-bounds query by saying : listen , aberdeen are doing fantastic . they’ ve got a great manager and i love that club . but i’m here to talk about mary barbour . i don’t blame you for asking …’ . wherever ferguson goes , he takes his native burgh with him , freely attributing a great deal of his sporting success to the lessons he learned either at home , at harmony row boys club or govan high . ‘ your upbringing is important , ’ he said yesterday , adding : ‘ i think it’s the foundation of your life . i was fortunate enough to have good parents who did the best they could possibly do for me . ‘ there are many people who have said i came from a poor background . i don’t think people brought up in my time thought they were poor . ferguson and then everton boss david moyes shout instructions from the sideline at old trafford in may 2013 . ‘ talking about the role of the housewife and mother , they made sure the food was always on the table . that was the case with me . ‘ you were always dressed the best way you could possibly be – and you were taught to be the best you can be . ‘ that came not just from the parents but from teachers at school . that was their role . i don’t think necessarily education is about learning lessons in school . it’s about inspiring you . and i was inspired by many people . ’ ferguson wasn’t taught about mary barbour at school , admitting that he’d only come across her tale when looking through a book of historical glasgow photographs complied by the great harry benson . ferguson 's haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain’s most successful ever manager . barbour famously led rent strikes in glasgow at the height of the first world war , forcing a change in the law with the introduction of the rent restrictions act . a consistent campaigner throughout her life , she went on to become one of the city’s first female councillors , the first female bailie and female magistrate . the fund-raising campaign is aimed at building a statue of barbour , to be erected on govan cross , ferguson explaining his involvement by saying : ‘ there was a connection with govan , which is what stirred the real interest in me . ‘ there is that great photo of all the housewives in govan standing outside the close ; that rent men was never getting in that close . that registers deeply with me . i’ve looked at that photograph many , many times . that is where my interest comes from – and it’s a great cause . ’ for further information about the campaign please go to : remembermarybarbour.com . to donate go to www.justgiving.com/r-m-b-a , alternatively send a text to 70070 with the message rmba15 £ then add the amount you wish to donate : £1 , £5 or £10 . 