bill and hillary clinton spent $ 104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for secret service agents when they vacationed in the dominican republic over the new year 's holiday . a dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own . the news outlet listin diario reported on january 2 that fanjul and the clintons discussed hillary 's presidential ambitions during the visit . casa de campo , a luxurious retreat for the world 's super wealthy elites , is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u.s. senator . lap of luxury : the casa de campo resort services the upper crust of america 's '1 per cent ' super-rich , and both sen. bob menendez and bill and hillary clinton have holidayed there . same old bill : this instagram pic , deleted from a user 's account on thursday , shows former president clinton cavorting among yougn socialites at casa de campo . indicted : new jersey sen. bob menendez ( left ) and his wealthy donor dr. salomon melgen ( right ) are both accused of multiple federal crimes including bribery and honest services fraud . federal prosecutors charged new jersey sen. bob menendez with corruption on wednesday in a 14-count indictment . he is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor dr salomon melgen in exchange for the influence of his office . melgen flew menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at his casa de campo villa multiple times , free of charge , prosecutors say . the doctor is also now under federal indictment , accused of bribing menendez with gifts and approximately $ 700,000 in political contributions . in exchange , the government says , menendez helped melgen 's three girlfriends get travel visas to enter the u.s. , interceded with medicare authorities when he was accused of billing fraud , and helped lay the groundwork for a melgen-controlled company to win a lucrative port security contract in the dominican republic . private villas : melgen owns a house at casa de campo where he entertained menendez on several occasions at his own expense . sugar barons : pepe fanjul ( left ) and alfy fanjul ( right ) own a congromerate that includes domino sugar and florida crystals , and they also own casa de campo . the brothers entertained the clintons there in early january . melgen 's 70-year-old former secretary told the miami herald in 2013 that melgen had also hosted bill clinton at his resort home in the past . and melgen has contributed $ 8,600 to hillary clinton 's campaigns for the u.s. senate and the white house , according to public records compiled by the center for responsive politics . the weekly standard reported on thursday that the clintons spent the first part of their dominican holiday three months ago at punta cana , a different resort area . they ' chose to spend their end-of-year vacation in the dominican republic 's tourist hub punta cana , ' according to listin diario , but on january 2 ' shifted to the tourist center casa de campo ' where they stayed with the fanjuls . a federal government spending report describes $ 104,093 in payments for secret service lodging , but does n't specify whether it covered rooms in one or two resort areas . facing the music : dr. melgen was in newark , new jersey on thursday to face a judge for his criminal arraignment in the senator bob menendez corruption case . one-percenters : melgen and fanjul have houses like this one at casa de campo ; bill clinton has stayed with both of them . bill and hillary clinton were photographed at both resorts . the former president attended ' private dinners with friends at their casa de campo villas ' and played golf , according to casa de campo living . alfy fanjul also played a small part in the monica lewinsky sex scandal that dogged clinton 's 1990s presidency and resulted in his impeachment . lewinsky told independent counsel kenneth starr that on presidents ' day in 1996 , as clinton was trying to break off their covert romance , fanjul called the oval office . confirmation of that phone call in white house records was one important detail that lent credibility to lewinsky 's claims that she had engaged in a series of intimate moments in the white house with the leader of the free world . welcome to the d.r . : hillary and bill clinton stayed in the eastern domonican republic resort town of punta cana before shifting the vacation to casa de campo days later . fore ! the former president was photographed playing golf both at punta cana ( shown ) and at casa de campo . security at casa de campo keeps out the general public . the only way onto the property for non-residents is to have a reservation at the hotel or at a home on the property . casa de campo itself is in la romana province , on the southeastern coast of the dominican republic . the fanjuls own the sprawling 11-square-mile resort , along with the airport that services it . it 's a luxury golf and sporting resort , according to the menendez indictment , with a marina , three golf courses , three polo fields , equestrian facilities , a 245-acre shooting facility , spa , beaches and a hotel where rooms typically cost about $ 500 a night .