garnet has been abandoned for almost 100 years . the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later . while the town has since been restored , it remains empty , and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter , and the sound of doors slamming in cottages where there are n't any doors . now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator , as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop . scroll down for video . ghost town coming back to life : the former mining town of garnet in montana was deserted after a fire in 1912 . it is said to be haunted by some of its former residents , but is now set to boom once again and become a new tourist mecca . but workers are need to operate the place . new hot spot : the u.s. bureau of land management in missoula is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator , as the government prepares the village to become a new tourist stop . creepy : local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter , and the sound of doors slamming in cottages where there are n't any doors . abandoned : garnet was restored after half the town was devastated by fire , but it remains deserted , even though there is a mine nearby . ghostly : locals say the spirits come out around midnight . garnet has no electricity , so the new workers might be in for a fright . there are four positions , with some workers operating as tour guides and others keeping the grounds . the job ad was first posted in local newspaper the missoulian , expecting to only find interest from within montana . it stressed there was no electricity or plumbing . regardless , the story was almost immediately shared 32,000 on facebook . the following day , the u.s. bureau of land management 's office in missoula was inundated with calls and emails . ' the calls came in almost immediately , ' blm spokeswoman maria craig told the missoulian . ' garnet ghost town ranger nacoma gainan told me the next morning he already had 130 emails and he did n't know how many phone calls . the phone was ringing all morning . ' we got people asking about it from south africa , from china , the united kingdom , germany and all over the country . ' ' there were more out-of-state people than montanans calling . ' help wanted : the u.s. bureau of land management is looking for volunteers to help manage garnet ghost town , a montana mining town more that 's more than 100 years old , and has been mostly abandoned for nearly that long . spooky : garnet is n't a ghost town in name only : rumors abound of real-life hauntings . vacancies : the workers to volunteer to run garnet will be put up in one of the cottages to live . preparing : once a mining town with a population of 1,000 , garnet is set to boom again as a tourist stop . craig said that the working day wraps about 4.30pm , with the tourists leaving , giving the workers plenty of time to settle in before nightfall . she added that the job applications have now closed due to the overwhelming response , but was not clear whether the positions had been filled . ellen baumler , the montana historic society 's expert on all things creature comforts , wrote in her book , montana chillers , that the ghosts of garnet would come out at midnight . she said people had reported the sound of a piano and that winter visitors had seen visions , according to the bulletin standard . ' late at evening , the spirits of garnet arrive out to enjoy in the moonlight , ' baumler wrote . ' sometimes , in the deep wintertime silent , a piano tinkles in kelley 's saloon and the spirits dance to ghostly new music . ' men 's voices echo in the empty rooms . but the moment a living , human hand touches the building , the noises stop . ' chilling : interestingly , most of the spooky stories that surround garnet have been reported in the winter . janet goodall , of buffalo , new york , has worked at the garnet visitor information center . she told fox news it was more just strange things occurring rather than ghosts that she heard in her time there . ' i 've seen visitors become friendly and helpful when unexpected things happen , like flat tires , empty gas tanks , keys locked in cars , minor injuries , and in one case , a diabetic faint , ' she told the network .