despite the hype surrounding its first watch , the iphone is still the engine behind apple 's phenomenal success , its latest figures have revealed . the results far surpassed most analysts ' expectations for the first three months of the year , when sales traditionally fall from their holiday-season peak . apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of its $ 13.6 billion in profit - and up 40 % from a year ago . sales of iphones in china were also revealed to have outstripped those in the us . apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of its $ 13.6 billion in profit . $ 58 billion in revenue , $ 13.6 billion in profit . $ 200 billion in cash , up from around $ 150 billion a year ago . more than 61 million iphones sole . ipad revenue fell 29 % to $ 5.4 billion . revenue from mac computers rose 2 % from a year earlier , to $ 5.6 billion . ' we are thrilled by the continued strength of iphone , mac and the app store , which drove our best march quarter results ever , ' said tim cook , apple 's ceo . ' we 're seeing a higher rate of people switching to iphone than we 've experienced in previous cycles , and we 're off to an exciting start to the june quarter with the launch of apple watch . ' as expected , the numbers were down from the previous quarter , when holiday shoppers snapped up a record 74 million of apple 's new iphone 6 , 6 plus and older models . but it was a 40 percent increase over the number of iphones sold in the first three months of 2014 . ' we 're seeing great results all over the world , ' apple chief financial officer luca maestri told the associated press , adding that iphone sales grew 72 percent in china , where the company has big hopes for expansion . other products played a much smaller role . revenue from mac computers rose 2 percent from a year earlier , to $ 5.6 billion , while ipad revenue fell 29 percent , to $ 5.4 billion — continuing a steady decline in tablet sales . apple did n't report any results for the new apple watch , which it began selling this month , after the quarter ended . maestri said customer response had been ' positive . ' analysts estimate about 2 million have sold to date , suggesting early demand is healthy but not of blockbuster proportions . apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year , making it the world 's most valuable company . ' it 's been really great to see the reaction of customers , ' said cook . ' the response has been overwhelming . we ca n't wait to see more of the inspiring apps developers dream up . ' the iphone is another story . since it began offering models with bigger screens last fall , apple has vied with south korea 's samsung for the no . 1 position in the global smartphone market . by some estimates , apple outsold samsung in the quarter that ended in december , and analysts will be watching closely when samsung reports its latest results this week . apple also announced an expansion of its effort to return more of its sizable cash war chest to investors . the company said it will raise its quarterly dividend by 11 percent , to 52 cents a share , and has increased a $ 90 billion stock buyback program to $ 140 billion . apple did n't report any results for the new apple watch , which it began selling this month , after the quarter ended . in total , the company said the program will return $ 200 billion to investors by the end of march 2017 . as iphone sales have surged , so has apple 's stock . apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year , making it the world 's most valuable company . the stock closed monday at $ 132.65 , up 1.8 percent for the day , and was rising in late trading . the iphone is n't just apple 's ' dominant product , ' said frank gillett , a tech industry analyst at forrester research . ' it 's more than anything else what 's driving the success of their company . ' market researchers , however , expect growth in the world smartphone market will slow this year , particularly at the higher price range where apple competes , as most consumers in developed countries have already bought one . that could make it difficult for apple to maintain its recent pace . ' they 're extremely dependent on the iphone , ' said investment colin gillis at bgc partners . ' at some point , the market dynamics change , ' he said , adding that ' the question is what could replace the iphone ' if sales begin to slow . customers looking at apple iphones in an apple store in shanghai , china , on january 14 , 2014 . apple ceo tim cook has said he 's optimistic about new markets such as china , where apple has made a strong showing against samsung and china 's xiaomi . and even if apple is increasingly selling new iphones to people who are simply upgrading older models , ' that 's still a pretty healthy market , ' said gartner analyst van baker , noting that more than 700 million iphones have been sold since the first model was introduced in 2007 . maestri also stressed the potential for new products like apple watch and apple pay , the company 's mobile payment service . while these currently provide minimal revenue , analysts say they have big potential . and they are designed to work closely with the iphone , which means each may bolster the other 's popularity in the future , gillett said .