a 16-year-old schoolboy is warning classmates to avoid the ' kylie jenner ' challenge after being left with a bruised face when he sucked into a glass to emulate the kardashians star 's bee-stung pout . kevin coulton from manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ' everyone was doing it ' . but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days . scroll down for video . kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout . but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth . now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout . 'it’s a bit stupid . everyone’s doing it and i just thought i would too . there wasn’t really a reason , ' he said . ' it really did hurt , and it went all purple and bruised straight away . it hasn’t gone down three days later . my parents were shocked . ' i did it with a glass . a lot of people say it should be done with a shot glass to do it properly . everyone in school is doing it . ' but i want to tell people not to . it hurts and the bruising takes ages to go down . ' the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout ( pictured ) . scores of youngsters have suffered similar fates after attempting what has now become known as the kylie jenner challenge . capturing their failed attempts in videos and photographs , they have been seen sucking into bottles , shot glasses and plastic beakers to achieve the plumped look . instead they were left with unsightly bruising or swelling . the craze was sparked after jenner , 17 , told fans how she used lip liner to make the most of her lips . denying claims that she has ever had plastic surgery , she encouraged youngster not to be afraid ' to experiment ' with their looks . the worrying trend dubbed the ' # kyliejennerchallenge ' swept social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses ( pictured ) . 