jack wilshere continued his return from injury to captain arsenal under 21s , but could not prevent a 1-0 defeat by reading 's youngsters at the emirates stadium . wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players including german forward serge gnabry and long-term absentee abou diaby who managed to last 56minutes as his own return gathered pace . however , it was the royals who claimed victory after former arsenal defender martin keown 's son niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes . jack wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in arsenal u21 's 1-0 defeat by reading . former arsenal defender martin keown 's son niall celebrates after scoring the winner for the visitors . another long-term arsenal absentee abou diaby ( left ) continued his own return from injury . arsenal u21 : macey , bielik ( dobson ) , pleguezuelo , ormonde-ottewill , o'connor , diaby ( mavididi ) , wilshere ( kamara ) , maitland-niles , gnabri , crowley , iwobi . subs : iliev , zelalem . booked : bielik . reading u21 : lincoln , long , keown , griffin , shaughnessy ( rinomhota ) , owusu ( novaovich ) , kelly ( fridjonsson ) , kuhl , sweeney , cardwell , fosu-henry . subs : ward , dickie . scorer : keown 8 ' . this top-of-the-table under 21s clash was supposed to showcase arsenal 's next generation of talent but it was a name from the past who stole the plaudits . keown rose highest to head home liam kelly 's corner past gunners keeper matt macey after only eight minutes . the visitors were unfortunate not to double their lead through tariqe fosu only minutes later when his his curled effort skewed just wide . the gunners pressed for an equaliser before the break with gnabry slicing wide from 10yards out before wilshere saw a decent strike saved by reading keeper daniel lincoln . wilshere became more and more influential when the game resumed after the interval - finding alex iwobi following a typical surge from midfield only for the forward 's shot to be well saved . daniel crowley also impressed as arsenal tried to get off the markt , he almost set up wilshere in the latter stages but the england international 's low strike could not find a way past the impressive lincoln . england midfielder wilshere presses during the first-half and managed to last 88minutes . german forward serge gnabry shoots at reading 's daniel lincoln ( left ) during the first half . arsenal 's new young signing krystain bielik receives the ball at the emirates stadium . wilshere will be hoping to return to arsenal 's first team for the season run-in and fa cup semi-final . wilshere is left on the floor as the hosts chase the game without success in the second half . gnarby takes on keown ( left ) - who scored the opening goal for the royals after eight minutes . the gunners will be buoyed after both wilshere and diaby ( right ) came through the game unscathed . wilshere smiles with referee steve plane ahead of the coin toss at the beginning of the match .