pensioner david atherton was shocked to find a three-foot snake slithering inside his oven when he innocently went to cook his pie and chips . the 65-year old from halliwell , bolton was just about to put his meal in the cooker when he caught sight of the black and white california king hiding inside . atherton scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting the police . shocked : david atherton , 65 , went to put his meal in the oven when he discovered a three-foot california king snake ( pictured ) hiding inside . rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since . atherton 's 73-year-old sister margaret - who has a phobia of snakes - became severely distressed when she heard about the incident and needed to go to hospital with heart problems . he said : ' her phobia is so bad she can not even look at a snake on tv , let alone see one in real life . ' i would not like to hazard a guess as to what would have happened if she had been the one to open the oven and see it . it could have been much worse . ' he added : ' when i pulled down the oven door i saw the snake hanging down from the side and and at first i thought it was part of a food packet , but then i realised what it was . ' there is a small gap between the oven and the fitted cupboards , which must be what it came through . ' you could not make it up and i must confess it is not something that happens every day . ' experts said the banded california king snakes can grow up to 6ft in length and were commonly kept as pets . slither : atherton - whose sister has an extreme phobia of snakes - scooped up the reptile and placed it inside a plastic food recycling box ( pictured ) . rspca inspector melissa furey said it is common to see an influx of snakes coming out in april as the weather gets warmer . she added : ' it is the time of year when they come out basking in the sun - this is the second escaped snake in just over a week which has made an appearance in greater manchester . ' pet owners need to be responsible and make sure they have the correct equipment - vivariums with locks - because snakes are really good escape artists and can slip through the smallest of gaps . '