momentous : kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill . a former masterchef semi-finalist has become the first woman to run the prestigious savoy grill kitchen in its 126-year history . kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue , which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers , musicians and captains of industry for decades . the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand , london in 1889 . auguste escoffier — dubbed ‘ chef of kings’ — was installed by hotel manager césar ritz when the savoy first opened . since then , a number of well-known chefs have followed , including marcus wareing and andy cook — but never a woman . ms woodward , who lives in camden , said : ‘ it is an absolute honour for me to be the head chef here in one of london’s most iconic restaurants . obviously there is so much history here , and the people who come through the door come here for the classic dishes that the grill is famous for . ’ at the five-star , art deco grill , which is now part of the gordon ramsay stable , woodward will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom some 40 per cent are women . it marks her return to the venue — she was a sous chef between 2010 and 2012 , before becoming head chef at the york & albany gastropub in camden . she reached the semi-final of the 2011 series of masterchef : the professionals . the cheshire-born chef said she would continue the ‘masculine” culinary traditions established by escoffier , including a daily roast trolley , and classics such as beef wellington and dover sole . it was more important to keep the grill true to its traditions of “ great quality cuts of meat and fish” rather than regain the michelin star lost when it closed for refurbishment in 2007 , she said , adding : ‘ people are here because it is a classic grill . ’ as well as powerful men , the savoy grill has been a magnet to some of the world’s most famous women including marilyn monroe , elizabeth taylor , doris day and victoria beckham . it was also where vivien leigh met her future husband laurence olivier . heritage : but the materchef contestant has promised to continue the ' masculine ' traditions of five-star grill . escoffier created a number of famous dishes at the savoy , including peach melba in 1893 , in honour of australian singer nellie melba , and melba toast in 1897 . another signature dish , omelette arnold bennett , was created for the novelist and is still on the menu . ms woodward said she hoped to bring her own trademarks to the grill , including a tonka bean and strawberry millefeuille dessert .  