it was a case of so near , yet so far for the queen today as she roared on her filly , ring of truth , at newbury today . the monarch , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box . unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner . oh no ! the queen allows herself a look of horror as ring of truth is narrowly pipped to the post . one is not amused : the queen briefly looks glum before smiling at her second place finish . better than nothing : the queen 's second place appeared to go down well and she got a third place later on . the queen , who has long been an avid racing fan , had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse capel path came in third . newbury racecourse is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials , one of the most prestigious dates on the flat racing calendar . the event , which coincides with the racecourse 's annual real ale festival , also saw runners owned by fellow royal sheikh mohammed of dubai take to the track . unfortunately for the emirati , the horses bred by his godolphin stud also failed to triumph with one , strong chemistry , taking second place in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap . despite failing to register a win , the 88-year-old monarch was on cheerful form and chatted happily to jockey richard hughes in the parade ring ahead of the maiden stakes . top tips : the queen chatted to ring of truth 's jockey richard hughes ahead of the race . looking around : the queen , joined by racing manager john warren ( second right ) , toured the parade ring . enjoying the day : afterwards , she made her way back to the royal box in the grandstand . the queen certainly has plenty to smile about , with her fifth great-grandchild due next weekend and sex claims against her son prince andrew struck out by a us judge . she has also been making the most of the recent spell of hot weather and has been pictured twice in the last seven days enjoying a trot around windsor great park . the queen , who usually rides wearing a silk scarf rather than a riding hat , first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy , aged four . since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and surprise , a grey gelding whom the queen famously galloped down the course at ascot in 1961 . lovely : the queen was resplendent in a cheerful fuchsia coat and a matching hat . cheerful : the queen has multiple reasons to be cheerful at the moment , including the impending royal birth . great-grandchild : the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child will be her fifth great-grandchild . recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over trooping the colour on horseback . nevertheless , the queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her windsor stables . she is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably prince edward 's children , lady louise and james , viscount severn . along with her thoroughbred race horses , the queen also breeds fell ponies and has a stud specialising in highland ponies at balmoral . so close : ring of truth ( left ) tries to make up the gap between her and harvard man . pipped : in the event , harvard man galloped ahead to win the maiden stakes at newbury .