the father of dave brockie , the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band gwar , has sued his son 's band mates , claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes , guitars and artwork . brockie , who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon oderus urungus , was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 . a medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . scroll down for video . legal battle : the father of dave brockie ( pictured left and right on stage ) , the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band gwar , has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son’s ashes , guitars and artwork . under fire : the lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of gwar swiped brockie 's guitars , artwork , a gold record , tour souvenirs and even his ashes . the grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics . brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member . a lawsuit filed last thursday by william brockie , dave 's father and the administrator of his estate , seeks $ 1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages for alleged breach of contract . mr brockie details in the lawsuit , cited by the courthouse news service , how in the months following his son 's death , his bandmates allegedly swiped his guitars , artwork , a gold record , tour souvenirs and even his ashes . according to court documents , the surviving members of gwar hauled the loot to the headquarters of their management company , slave pit inc , and locked it in an office . when william brockie arrived demanding to have his son 's cremains back , the lawsuit alleges that his son 's friends forced him to wait outside and then brought him only a small portion of dave 's ashes in a used plastic bag with discover credit card logo on it . morbid : william brockie claims that when he demanded to have his son 's ashes back , gwar members refused to let him inside their offices and then brought him only a small portion of dave 's ashes in a used plastic bag . the suit accuses the heavy metal band of using dave brockie 's image without consent on gwar merchandise and and trying to take over his estate . defendant : the lawsuit names drummer brad roberts , better known by his stage name jizmak da gusha ( second right ) , as the leader of the alleged conspiracy . the lawsuit names drummer brad roberts , better known by his stage name , jizmak da gusha , as the leader of the alleged plot to capitalize on dave brockie 's death by using his name and likeness on t-shirts and other merchandise without authorization . william brockie also claims in his suit that his son was never paid for taking part in the band 's 2014 far east tour across asia and australia . immediately following brockie’s passing , the lawsuit contends , gwar went to work trying to take over his estate and started a charity in his name without his father 's consent . dave brockie remained a constant in gwar over the course of its 30-year-history , though it has had a revolving door of members . in 2011 , 34-year-old lead guitarist cory smoot was found dead on the band 's tour bus . accidental overdose : richmond , virginia medical examiners ruled last june that dave brockie 's cause of death was acute heroin intoxication . the 50-year-old , who went by oderus urungus onstage , was found dead in a chair in his richmond home on march 23 , 2014 . gwar , who described themselves as ' scumdogs of the universe ' , released their 13th album last year and recently toured australia and japan . brockie always appeared on stage as an intergalactic humanoid barbarian with devil horns and a meaty-looking face , carrying a long sword called an ' unt lick ' . the heavy metal band gained international fame for their outrageous stage show and wild personas , with gwar members creating their own gory costumes . their video clips were also a staple of tv show ' beavis and butt-head ' . rawwwr : the grammy-nominated band gwar was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics . top dog : the richmond , virginia-based band had a constant revolving cast of demonic characters , but founder and mastermind brockie was a staple . ' anyone who has seen gwar knows it’s an adult comedy rock musical , ' brockie told cbs 6 reporter mark holmberg in 2011 . style weekly reported brockie was a devoted fan of the washington redskins and a world war ii buff , who had recently fulfilled his lifelong dreams of visiting stalingrad and playing shows in japan .