from the best night 's kip being enjoyed on a wednesday to rising the earliest on a sunday , new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps . using statistics from sleep cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa . while on tuesdays , americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week . in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list . the uk was in 45th place , while the us was in 49th . the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night . more than half ( 58 per cent ) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . other countries that wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore , spain , switzerland , south africa and brazil . the sleep cycle app tracks a user 's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases . it uses the phone 's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase , using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window . it has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 june 2014 and 31 march this year from users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries . other insights from this data include that the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night . over the course of the week , people in finland get the most hours sleep - on a saturday with eight hours and two minutes , on average . on the same night , people in japan get an average of just six hours and nine minutes sleep . this graph shows which days of the week countries sleep the most . more than half ( 58 per cent ) of the countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day , with china recording the highest sleep quality in the world that night . on thursdays , people in the middle east wake the latest and the happiest , and in kuwait , saudi arabia and uae in particular , users also reported the best mood on thursdays . despite waking up grumpy on tuesdays , by friday the us sleeps in the most and wakes up happiest . the data revealed americans typically do n't rise until 8:24am on fridays and also report the best wake-up mood . monday : the world wakes up earliest on mondays with south africa rising first at 6:09 am . tuesday : americans rise early at 7am and are consequently in the worst mood all week . other countries that also wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore , spain , switzerland , south africa and brazil . wednesday : 58 % of countries surveyed - including the us - experience sleep best on wednesdays , with china recording the highest sleep quality in the world that night . thursday : middle east users sleep longer on thursdays than any other day , and kuwait , saudi arabia and uae also report the best mood on thursdays . friday : americans sleep latest on fridays , not rising until 8:24am . they also report the best wake-up mood . people in costa rica , canada , new zealand and sweden also wake up the happiest on friday . however , the majority of the world ( 71 per cent ) , wake up in the best mood on saturdays . saturday : nearly 90 % of countries surveyed sleep more and wake up later on saturday compared to any other day of the week . sunday : the majority of the world ( 66 % of countries ) spends the least amount of time in bed on sundays . topping the list is south korea where users only sleep 5 hours and 53 minutes on sunday nights . also waking up happier on fridays are people in costa rica , canada , new zealand and sweden . however , the majority of the world ( 71 per cent ) wakes up in the best mood on saturdays . nearly 90 per cent of countries surveyed sleep more and wake up later on saturday compared to any other day of the week . while two thirds of countries said they spend least amount of time in bed on sundays . from waking up at 6:09am to sleeping the least on a sunday , data has revealed insights into how the world sleeps . using statistics from the sleep cycle alarm app researchers discovered the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa . while on tuesdays , the us rise at 7am but is in the worst mood . the sleep cycle app ( pictured ) tracks a user 's sleep , as they go through a cycle of sleep phases . it has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 june 2014 and 31 march this year from 941,329 male and female users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries . topping the list is south korea where users only sleep 5 hours and 53 minutes on sunday nights . over the course of the week , people in finland get the most hours sleep - on a saturday with eight hours and two minutes , on average . on the same night , people in japan get an average of just six hours and nine minutes sleep . in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list . china was in second place followed by hungary and the czech republic . the uk was in 45th place , while the us was in 49th .  