celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness later this month at hampden . the game 's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on sunday , april 18 - before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow . now the parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at £23 for the north and south stands , with the east stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions . celtic have complained to the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final at hampden this month . in a statement , they said : ' celtic football club is extremely disappointed with the ticket pricing for our forthcoming scottish cup semi-final match against inverness caledonian thistle . celtic argued strongly that the pricing for north stand tickets should be reviewed and lowered , to be brought closer to prices for other parts of the stadium . ' as in previous years , due to celtic supporters being in the vast majority , a huge number of our supporters will be required to pay a ticket price which we believe is too high . ' clearly , we feel that sfa and other clubs involved should have taken a common sense approach to this matter in the interests of fairness for our supporters and to ensure attendances at the matches are as high as possible . ' the sfa responded : ' the scottish fa notes celtic 's statement on ticket pricing for the forthcoming william hill scottish cup semi-finals and can clarify the following : all four participating clubs were consulted on ticket pricing for the semi-finals ; the semi-final ticket prices have been unchanged for the past four years ; the scottish cup semi-final gate , broadcast and advertising revenues for both matches are aggregated and distributed evenly to the competing teams , minus a 10-per-cent levy . ' celtic manager ronny deila prepares his side for their upcoming spl clash with st mirren on friday . celtic's jason denayer ( left ) and virgil van djik ( centre ) in action during a training session at lennoxtown . 