an obese mother who enjoyed takeaways and boozy nights out has lost more than seven stone after a child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant . lizzi crawford , 32 , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum : ' has she got a baby in her belly ? ' the embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six , from stoke-on-trent , mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds , slimming down to a healthier 12.5st . lizzi crawford dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant . lizzi had reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers , pizzas and kebabs . but she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits . however lizzi never realised how big she had got until she heard the pregnancy remark on the bus . she said : ' it started when i was taking my kids to school and we were sitting on the bus . a kid then looked at me and said : `` has she got a baby in her belly ? '' ' lizzi now admits that she was living an extremely unhealthy lifestyle . she continued : ' it was terrible . i was being a slob to be honest . lizzi piled on the pounds thanks to a boozy lifestyle and diet of takeaways , pizzas and kebabs . as well as her battle to lose weight lizzi also won her battle against cervical cancer . ' i was eating burgers , takeaways , pizzas , kebabs and drinking - mainly wine and spirits mixed with dr pepper . ' i knew i had to do something about my weight for the sake of my children . ' in a serious bid to slim down lizzi began cooking healthier meals and joining fitness and self-defense classes which saw her lose over 7st . incredibly , she achieved her goal despite suffering the set-back of being diagnosed with cervical cancer in october 2012 . as well as winning her fight against the disease following a hysterectomy and cancer treatment she has now won her battle against the bulge . lizzi , who works a cleaner , kept fit by attending self-defense classes at t6 fight club in burslem , stoke-on-trent . she also discovered hourglass training - a fitness programme designed to keep a woman 's curves while she gets healthy . lizzi says that having support from other women at her gym helped her to achieve her goal . lizzi joined the gym and began hourglass training and says that she is now addicted to fitness . ' i began to build relationships with the people at the gym . the girls were egging me on to eat well - they all cheer each other on . ' i 've got some of the best friends i 've ever made there . they do n't look down their noses at you and you 're always made to feel welcome . ' the slimmer says she is now ' addicted ' to her fitness classes and goes five times every week . she added that losing the weight has helped her mental being as well as her physical being . ' i can do a lot more things now . i can walk more places and do more with the kids - i can even do simple tasks like getting up and down the stairs easier now . ' it 's helped me mentally because it was depressing when i was heavy , but since i started hourglass , that has just gone . ' the weight loss has helped me in the workplace too . i find i can get around much quicker and finish earlier - it used to take me ages . ' now i can spend more time with the kids . ' lizzi 's mum , mary crawford , 57 , said her daughter 's slimming efforts had been ' amazing ' . she added : ' she 's found out about cooking the right way , she 's been going to the gym and riding bikes . ' she 's stuck at it and i think it 's amazing what she 's done . i 'm really pleased , and i believe she will keep it off as she 's found a routine that suits her . ' she 's like the old lizzi i used to know as a little girl . ' 