the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night in a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson . the glamorous hollywood-inspired collection , ' sirens ' call ' , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers , while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby . johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , which was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere . scroll down for video . grand finale : mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 ended in sydney on thursday night with a spectacular show by johanna johnson . hollywood glamour : the collection , sirens ' call , featured intricate wedding gowns with with hand-beaded detailing . spotlight : johnson said ahead of the show that she intended to ' bring a little bit of hollywood to sydney ' . ' i wanted it to be a celebration in terms of bringing a little bit of hollywood to sydney , ' johnson said . ' it 's also a call to all independent strong women , everyone who is trying to juggle careers , motherhood and even just modern life . ' stand-out pieces were a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrors . the model dazzled disco-ball style as she strut down the runway . disco ball : one of the highlights of the collection was a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrored pieces . shimmy : models wore dresses and separates in gold and gunmetal with fringed beading . other notable creations were a gold foil skirt , liquid metallic silver satin dress with a tulle skirt , and an incredibly intricate 1920s style wedding gown . the hand-beaded dress was so heavy that the slight model struggled to stay upright as she made her way down the runway , and was seen celebrating backstage when she made it back without falling . more sheer creations turned heads following an increasingly racy day at the shows - a black netted full-length dress turned heads . flirty : a model swished her sheer red dress on the catwalk , giving a glimpse of her black g-string underwear . sheer delight : another see-through dress was conservatively cut , but entirely sheer . leather and feathers : a gold maxi skirt was a stand-out in the collection ( left ) , while ensembles were accessorised with feather neckwear . a model in a gold fringed top paired with a plum skirt shimmied her way down the catwalk to give photographers a glimpse of how the garment moved . ' the luxe collection celebrates the art of fine dressing with an elaborate approach to both luxury lifestyle and opulent evening wear , ' johnson stated . ' adorned with embellished hand beading , refined leather accessories and delicate feathering , it is a call to all independent women . siren call : a seemingly simple strapless gown revealed a flash of flesh with a thigh-high slit . shimmer and sheer : full-length ( left and centre ) and midi ( right ) dresses were presented in a variety of fabrics , colours , and opacities . ' women who stand strong against diversity , women who support each other in their endeavours to juggle the demands of our modern world . our everyday hollywood sirens . ' the in-demand designer is a favourite amongst celebrities , including madonna , who has a number of designs by johnson and wore a body armour piece from to her 56th birthday party last year . johnson , who has two primary school-age boys , has had a store in new york for the past few years and splits her time between sydney and los angeles . inspiration : ' it 's a call to all independent strong women , everyone who is trying to juggle careers , motherhood and even just modern life , ' johnson said of the sirens ' call collection . family achievement : the designer , who is set to open a flagship store in sydney , took her bow with her two sons by her side . gatsby gorgeous : the hair and make-up and accessories were vintage in style and inspired by the 1920s . she is opening a new sydney flagship store next month and is moving into a larger production space , which reflects her firm commitment to make her clothes in australia . johnson 's advice to women striving for success is to actually just cut themselves some slack . ' do n't be so hard on yourself , ' she said . ' you are always going to feel like you ca n't do it all but you can - you just try your best . '