belly flop to belly up ? it’s fair to say steve bruce has had better weeks than this one , which featured the publication of some poolside diving snaps and culminated in a defeat that suggests hull might yet bomb out of the premier league . this was a game they could not afford to lose . not when their final seven games include fixtures against southampton , liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united . but lose they did , bringing their winless run to five and leaving themselves in a right mess . bafetimbi gomis roars with celebration after giving swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday . gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending . the french striker fires a spectacular volley past allan mcgregor and into the roof of the hull net to double the home side 's lead . the swansea striker celebrates his strike in front of a group of young supporters after doubling his side 's lead in the first half .  swansea ( 4-3-3 ) : fabianski 6.5 ; naughton 6 ( rangel 56 , 6 ) , fernandez 6.5 , williams 7 , taylor 7 ; ki 7 , cork 6.5 ( dyer 65 , 6 ) , shelvey 6.5 ( grimes 90 ) ; sigurdsson 6.5 , gomis 7.5 , routledge 6.5 . subs not used : amat , emnes , oliveira , tremmel . booked : williams . scorer ( s ) : ki 18 , gomis 37 , 90+1 . hull ( 3-5-2 ) : mcgregor 5.5 ; dawson 5.5 , bruce 6 ( diame 70 , 6 ) , mcshane 6.5 ; elmohamady 6 , ramirez 5.5 ( quinn 30 , 6 ) , livermore 6 , meyler 5 , brady 6 ; n'doye 5 , hernandez 4.5 ( aluko 81 ) . subs not used : rosenior , chester , sagbo , harper . booked : hernandez , mcshane , n’doye , bruce , diame . sent off : meyler 53 . scorer ( s ) : mcshane 50 . referee : andre mariner . man of the match : bafetimbi gomis . bafetimbi gomis scored a spectacular overhead . click here for more match zone . true , they could have benefited more from refereeing decisions – bafetimbi gomis was offside in the build up to his brilliant first goal and david meyler’s second-half red card could have gone either way – but that should not exonerate a side that is supposed to be fighting for it life and yet looked so meek for half of this match . they managed no shots on goal in the time it took swansea to go 2-0 ahead through ki sung-yueng and gomis’s bicycle kick . and it was only in the second half that they mounted a challenge . as fate would have it , meyler was sent off for fouling kyle naughton two minutes after paul mcshane had given hull a lifeline . gomis finished them in stoppage time . bruce was exasperated . he said : ‘ we were disappointed to lose the game and we knew we were nowhere near good enough in the first-half in particular . ‘ but the two big decisions went against us and they could have turned the game . gomis’ first goal is a fantastic piece of skill but he is five yards offside . gomis grabbed his second of the match after racing on to jonjo shelvey 's pass and chipping mcgregor in injury time . the 29-year-old celebrates in front of the swansea fans on his hands and knees after making sure of the three points . paul mcshane pulled a goal back for hull five minutes into the second half when he pounced in the six-yard box . the hull defender slotted past lukasz fabianski from just four yard out after latching onto a free kick totally unmarked . ‘ we had got back into the game at 2-1 but unfortunately david has picked up a red card . i’ve seen it six times now and from three angles and to me it’s a perfectly decent challenge . ‘ the other three i look at it and he takes part of the ball and the leg collides with the boy . we may as well say with these grey areas that you are not allowed to tackle if you tackle on the floor . ’ the consequence of the challenge , beyond damage to hull’s survival prospects , is that naughton went to hospital for an x-ray on his ankle . garry monk said : ‘ his ankle is really swollen . that is the real negative . we hope it is not serious . at the time i thought it was a genuine 50-50 challenge . my initial reaction was “ bad challenge” but i don’t think there was any malice . you run that risk if your foot is high and goes over the ball . ’ for monk , it was the only complaint from a match that swansea probably could have won in third gear . that’s no exaggeration in the context of how poor hull were in the opening 45 minutes . for a team in that kind of mess , with those fixtures still to come , it was incomprehensible . that’s not to say swansea stormed from the blocks . ki’s opener after 18 minutes was actually the first chance of the game . jonjo shelvey had taken his usual punt from distance and while allan mcgregor did well to get down and save , his parry fell squarely at the feet of the south korean . david meyler was sent off for the visitors just three minutes after mcshane pulled a goal back for a lunge on kyle naughton . hull midfielder meyler and his team-mates look on in disbelief as andre mariner reaches for the red card . swansea right back naughton limps from the field and has to be replaced by angel rangel following meyler 's tackle . ki buried the finish without taking a touch and now has scored four goals in eight games . with seven this season , the deep-lying midfielder has become a delightfully complete player . it took 24 minutes for hull to have their first chance – abel hernandez hit a bouncing ball from 30 yards and it trickled all the way to lukasz fabianski . it wasn’t even on target . the rest of their attacks fizzled , a side with five across the middle seemingly incapable of holding possession . gomis nailed the second with a goal that was hardly at home in such a subdued game . it really was a beautiful finish . kyle naughton delivered a ball into the area , michael dawson attempted to head clear and the striker buried a bicycle kick . replays showed he had come back from an offside position , but the finish was magnificent . at that stage , hull appeared out of it . monk warned his side of complacency at the break and , in his words , ‘ they did the total opposite’ . it enabled hull to pull one back after 49 minutes . ashley williams had tangled with dame n’doye and conceded a free-kick which robbie brady delivered from the right . alex bruce found space from six yards to flick a header at goal and mcshane poked a finish past fabianski . for two minutes hull looked a genuine threat . and then , just as quickly , hope was gone . meyler went high on naughton and will miss the next three games . ki sung-yueng opened the scoring for the home side inside 20 minutes after pouncing following an allan mcgregor save . ki leads the celebrations after giving garry monk 's side an early advantage at the liberty stadium on saturday . hull , to their credit , did not give up . but it was in their desperation for a leveller that they conceded a third . nathan dyer dispossessed brady and sigurdsson sent a long ball to gomis . with none of hull’s outfield players in their own half , the frenchman had time to think before a nice chip over mcgregor . in this strange old season of moans and a feint , he has also made his way to eight goals in all competitions . it will be interesting to see if his improved recent form has soothed some of the anger caused by his january agitations . it will be more interesting in the shorter term to see if hull can find the significant improvement needed to get themselves out of this hole .