angus hawley 's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother , the ex-husband of antonia kidman , died of a suspected heart attack , age 46 , in new york on saturday . speaking to daily mail australia on monday , david hawley said : ' it 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i 've ever met – he 's swimming everyday . ' responding to a question about whether angus had a history of heart problems , david answered : ' no , no , not that we know of ' , adding : ' he 's so fit , i do n't understand . ' scroll down for video . ' he did n't have heart problems ' angus hawley 's brother reveals shock after ex-husband of antonia kidman dies from a suspected heart attack in new york after ' returning from a swim ' . angus and antonia pictured together in 2005 at the chuan spa opening in the langham hotel . mr hawley , who was in new york attending a business conference at the time , collapsed after returning from a swim . ' he did go for a big swim in the morning , he trains very hard , ' david said of his brother , who he described as a ' bit of a fitness fanatic ' and was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle . ' i think his body clock was round the wrong way and it just got everything round the wrong way and he 's over done it . ' mr hawley was a father to four children , lucia , 16 , hamish , 14 , james , 12 , and sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with nicole kidman 's sister antonia before their 2007 split . the children are reportedly set to join the family in sydney as they rally around david 's second wife prue fisher , who he married in palm beach in 2011 . sad news : antonia kidman 's former husband angus hawley has died of a suspected heart attack aged 46 in new york . the pair are seen here in 2003 . fitness fanatic : mr hawley 's brother says he does n't ' understand ' the death of his fit and healthy brother , pictured with his wife prue fisher in 2011 . led an active lifestyle : mr hawley , 46 , is believed to have suffered a heart attack after returning from a swim . the former couple are pictured above with antonia 's parents janelle and the late dr. antony kidman . david described his brother , a business development manager at valor private wealth , as ' one of the most beautiful men that i have ever known . ' he is absolutely adored by everybody , he made everybody feel like he 's their best friend and that 's why everybody loved him . and he loved everybody else , it 's just a really emotional time . ' prue is being comforted by her family in sydney , after they traveled from orange in new south wales to be by her side . she was reportedly seen at the bondi icebergs public pool , a place her late husband often frequented , on sunday . moved on : both antonia and mr hawley remarried following their divorce in 2007 - she to businessman craig marran ( l ) in 2010 , and he to sydney fashion boutique manager prue the following year ( r ) . david described prue as ' devastated ' saying she 's ' terrible , terrible ' , adding , ' it 's a huge hole in our lives . ' they were absolutely devoted to each other and prue 's relationship with angus 's children was fantastic , ' said david of his late brother 's wife . ' his wife adores him , and he adored her , his four children , it 's just so sad . it 's a tragic loss to our family and to his family , it 's just a nightmare . ' no matter what happens for the rest of her life , she 'll still be my sister-in-law . ' on saturday another of angus 's brothers phillip released a statement , describing his death as ' sudden ' and ' very unexpected ' to news.com.au . wedding day : antonia and angus wed in 1996 , they were together for 11 years before their divorced was finalised in 2007 . legacy : the 46-year-old was a father to four children in lucia , 16 , hamish , 14 , james , 12 , and sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with nicole kidman 's sister antonia , pictured . ' there are no further details at this time as it only occurred last night , our time , ' the statement read . reports about his death have as yet been mixed , with news.com.au saying that mr hawley went to dinner with a friend in new york and then went into cardiac arrest . he is said to have later passed away in the ambulance on the way to hospital . mr hawley 's death comes less than seven months after the sudden passing of nicole and antonia 's father dr. antony kidman , who also suffered a suspected heart attack , in singapore . family tragedy : mr hawley 's death comes less than seven months after the sudden passing of nicole and antonia 's father dr. antony , who also suffered a heart attack , in singapore . both 44-years-old antonia and her ex husband both remarried following their divorce in 2007 - she to businessman craig marran in 2010 , and he to sydney fashion boutique manager prue , the following year . he has kept himself largely out of the spotlight following his split from antonia and a battle with depression . the father of four checked himself into a sydney rehab clinic in 2007 following a period of mental health issues . tragic : antonia 's second husband craig marran accompanied her , her sister nicole and husband keith urban to dr. antony 's funeral in september last year . he told woman 's day in 2009 : ' i was depressed , out of control and full of self-loathing , and i resorted to drugs to get through it . ' i was n't in a happy place and it was an appalling thing , but i was sick , and at least i was big enough to do something about it . ' merivale hotel founder justin hemmes , has paid tribute to his good friend angus , explaining to the daily telegraph that the pair became friends at just four years old . family man : dr. antony kidman was visiting antonia and her family in singapore when he passed away . day of mourning : antonia's six children lucia , hamish , james , sybella , nicholas , two , and alexander , one , attended the funeral along with nicole 's daughters sunday rose and faith . support : keith and craig acted as pallbearers at the funeral , as did family friends russell crowe and channel nine newsreader peter overton . ' he was my next door neighbour but quickly became a best friend , one i was fortunate enough to have by my side ever since , ' he said , describing mr hawley as ' the most caring , thoughtful and loving man . ' ' the most loving father to his four wonderful children and adoring wife . his family was his treasure . his kids were his life , ' he continued . mr hawley 's death is the second devastating loss the kidman family has suffered in the past seven months , after dr. antony kidman sadly collapsed and died in a singapore hotel last september at the age of 75 . family photo : antonia , janelle , dr. antony and nicole are seen here in 1990 . nicole said at his funeral she was ' so lucky ' to be her father 's daughter . close knit : nicole and antonia are pictured here with their late father in 1990 . a respected sydney psychologist , dr. antony was in the country visiting antonia and his six grandchildren . antonia , a journalist and writer , is currently based in singapore with her second husband with whom she shares two sons , nicholas , two , and alexander , one . she remembered the close relationship she had with her father at his funeral last year and said they were ' similar in many ways ' . new home : antonia resides in singapore with second husband craig . she 's pictured here with nicole , who lives in nashville with keith urban , in 2005 . ' i 'm so lucky to be his daughter , ' 47-year-old nicole said , ' and that he chose my mother to make me with . ' appearing on ellen last october , nicole said husband keith urban had to carry her , sometimes literally , because she was ' so devastated ' by the loss . daily mail australia has contacted the kidman family 's management . tribute : a good friend of mr hawley , merivale founder justin hemmes has described him as ' the most caring , thoughtful and loving man ' .