justin braddock ran from officers in hospital after a deputy sheriff saved his life when he found him unconscious after allegedly taking heroin . a police officer saved the life of a unconscious heroin user , only for the man to flee without a thank you when he was taken to hospital . patrick o’melia , 39 , a deputy with the volusia county sheriff’s office , was flagged down while he was on patrol near deland in florida and asked to help 34-year-old justin braddock . when mr o'melia found braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr and eventually revived him . braddock , who had injected a large amount of the drug that day , was taken to hospital but fled , according to the daytona beach news journal . he was later caught by deputies as he ran away from florida hospital . a two-year-old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car and the pair were later charged with neglect . officials also found pills , other drugs and paraphernalia in the car . mr o'melia , who had worked as a deputy in the sheriff 's office for just nine months , was flagged down for help by braddock 's sister kelly boan , 31 , near new york avenue near deland at about 4pm on sunday afternoon . when he got to the car he found 34-year-old braddock slumped in the front seat , without a pulse . miss boan told the deputy that they had just bought some of the drug and her brother had injected a large amount of it himself , it was claimed . it then took mr o'melia seven minutes to revive braddock . braddock was then able to stand up and get back into the front seat and an ambulance was called . he was taken to hospital by paramedics and as deputies arrived to question him , he was seen running away . braddock continued to flee , even when officers told him they would use a taser gun . mr o'melia was flagged down in new york avenue in deland ( left ) by braddock 's sister kelly boan ( right ) . however his bid for freedom was short lived as he tripped and fell and was captured . boan and braddock were charged with possession of heroin , failure to report suspected child abuse , abandonment , neglect and possession/use of narcotics paraphernalia . braddock is being held without bail and boan was released on $ 2,500 bail .