newcastle stand-in skipper moussa sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on liverpool midfielder lucas leiva during monday 's 2-0 defeat at anfield . the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence , but head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red . ' the club will deal with that situation , ' he said when asked if sissoko - who is now banned for two matches - would be punished . liverpool midfielder lucas leiva clutches his leg after moussa sissoko 's tackle at anfield . sissoko hands the captain 's armband to boss john carver as he leaves the pitch after being sent off . ' he knows he was wrong . he was fortunate not to get a straight red and he agreed with me . ' he apologised afterwards to lucas , which was important . ' but you think captains would lead by example . we have to improve our discipline . i will be looking at that . ' meanwhile , carver says newcastle can not rely on the shortcomings of others to preserve their premier league status . the magpies are the division 's most out-of-form side having lost five on the spin , scoring just one goal along the way . liverpool 's players surround lucas following sissoko 's dangerous tackle during monday night 's game . raheem sterling bends the ball past tim krul to open the scoring in liverpool 's 2-0 win against newcastle . they are nine points clear of danger with six matches to play , but carver says it 's about time they started helping themselves , starting with sunday 's visit of spurs . ' these two home games ( spurs followed by swansea ) are massive for us . i 'm not bothered about performances , we need results , ' he said . ' i 'm not worrying about that ( relegation ) at the moment , and the good thing is we have four games at home . ' but we need to start winning now . we ca n't rely on others teams . we ca n't afford to ease off , i have always said that . ' we have gone through a rough spell . it 's down to me now to get players in right frame of mind . ' newcastle 's players appear dejected as joe allen celebrates scoring liverpool 's second goal at anfield . 