mesut ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub just hours after missing the win at newcastle through illness . arsenal manager arsene wenger has spoken to ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man 's explanation . given he missed the clash at st james ' park with a cold , his appearance at a berlin nightspot raised eyebrows , but wenger said : ' he went out for 30 minutes for a friends birthday , i was satisfied with his explanation . ' arsene wenger has chosen not to sanction mesut ozil for going to a berlin nightclub hours after missing arsenal 's premier league clash with newcastle united last month . ozil explained to wenger that he had attended a friend 's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes . quizzed on whether he was getting soft on discipline , wenger bristled : 'i’m not going soft on discipline . i’ve fined people when they work for us and don’t respect the discipline . ' on that front i don’t think you can stop anybody from wishing happy birthday to a friend when he is in his own country . ' speaking ahead of saturday 's showdown with liverpool , the frenchman confirmed that mikel arteta , alex oxlade-chamberlain , jack wilshere , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby had all returned to training but were n't yet ready to make their return . forward danny welbeck could make the side at the emirates after missing england 's friendly with italy on tuesday with a knee injury sustained in the euro 2016 qualifying win over lithuania . wenger praised welbeck 's contribution to the side , despite scoring just eight times in 29 club appearances since his £16m move from manchester united on deadline day back in september . when asked whether welbeck had been unfairly overlooked for england , wenger said : ' maybe . i don’t overlook him personally because he’s played many , many games for us and i think he’s an important player who contributes a lot . ' not only does he now score goals , but as well contributes a lot to the team work . he’s a team player and i believe technically he has improved a lot . danny welbeck could return to the arsenal side for saturday 's showdown with liverpool after a knee injury . wenger confirmed that alex oxlade-chamberlain had returned to training after injury . april 4 liverpool ( h ) . april 11 burnley ( a ) . april 18 reading ( wembley ) . fa cup semi-final . april 26 chelsea ( h ) . may 2 hull city ( a ) . may 9 swansea city ( h ) . may 16 manchester united ( a ) . may 20 sunderland ( h ) . may 24 west bromwich albion ( h ) . ' when you look at him now i believe that technically he is much more mature , more composed in front of goal , the quality of his runs is getting better and he has huge , huge attributes . ' the talk of the international fortnight has been about whether welbeck will lose his place in the england side to tottenham hotshot harry kane , who also found the net at wembley on friday night . wenger said : ' we are not there yet . harry kane played one game and it’s good for england to have many options and to choose the best one . ' welbeck until now has always been the chosen best one and i don’t see how on friday night roy hodgson could change his mind . ' arsenal have won their last six premier league matches , leaving them third in the table , some seven points behind leaders chelsea . but wenger believes it is still a tall order to win the league despite their excellent recent form . arsenal are currently seven points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league table . wenger backed welbeck to keep his england place despite tottenham striker harry kane 's scoring debut . he said : ' we have the aspiration to win the next game and that’s quite good enough . after that , win the next one . ' what is mathematically possible you have to try to achieve but that doesn’t depend only on us . what does only depend on us in the final run is our performances and our results , so let’s focus on that . ' after that if everything goes for us , you never know , but you can only master your own performances so let’s focus on that and be realistic and continue to earn the right to win the games . that’s what we want . ' martin skrtel powered home a stoppage time header to earn liverpool a 2-2 draw against arsenal at anfield . mathieu debuchy had earlier been on target for arsenal when the teams met back in december . while arsenal are unlikely to claim the title , they could put another dent in liverpool 's top four ambitions , bruised after their 2-1 home defeat to manchester united before the international break . wenger said : ' liverpool is a good side , there is always a good game at the emirates and at liverpool as well . ' i have a big respect for the club , but i am just focused on the game and focused to produce the performance we have produced recently , and make sure that the right commitment is there to win the game . '   