floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were given a glimpse of the wbc emerald winner’s belt on tuesday when it was unveiled in mexico city . the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion larry holmes . current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show . wbc president mauricio sulaiman at the presentation of the $ 1m belt in mexico city with light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson ( left ) and former heavyweight champion larry holmes ( right ) . fans chose this emerald belt as the one which will adorn the winner of the fight of the century on may 2 . sulaiman , president of the world boxing council , unveils the $ 1m emerald green belt . retired boxer holmes holds up the emerald belt during a media presentation in mexico city . boxers stevenson and holmes pose with other members of the boxing community at the unveiling . the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president sulaiman . stevenson , sulaiman and holmes unveil the $ 1million dollar belt at an event in mexico city . costing upwards of $ 1million , this wbc world champions belt features images of former wbc president mauricio sulaiman , mayweather , pacquiao and legendary heavyweight muhammad ali along the strap . boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt , which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight , over an onyx belt of a more unusual design earlier this year . in a statement the wbc said : ' this exquisite masterpiece is especially designed by the world boxing council , for a unique bout that is already gracing the pages of boxing history . ' in order to appropriately recognise the winner of this titanic and epic event on may 2 , emeralds have triumphed . ' the world boxing council is very grateful to the multitude of fans that participated in this process , voting on our web page , to choose the historic belt mayweather or pacquiao will proudly possess . ' the emerald green belt was unveiled after hours and hours of man hours on the $ 1million creation . gold logos and lettering before they are put on the emerald green belt ahead of it 's unveiling in mexico city . a mexican artists works on the emerald green belt which contains diamonds and is worth $ 1million plus . meanwhile , pacquiao was again spotted training in public as he took to the streets of los angeles to work on his fitness ahead of his showdown with mayweather . the filipino showed off his technique by shadow boxing before taking part in an abdominal workout . pacquiao looked in high spirits as he continued to gear up for his mega-fight against mayweather which takes place in las vegas on may 2 . a crowd gathers to watch as boxer pacquiao shadow boxes during a work out at a park in los angeles . fans watch as the filipino fighter does his stretches following a run in los angeles on tuesday morning . the boxer shares a smile as he continues his training ahead of his mega-fight with mayweather . pacquiao looks on as he does sit-ups in a park in los angeles ahead of his mega-fight next month .