a drone carrying small traces of a radioactive material landed on the roof of japanese prime minister 's office in protest against the government 's nuclear energy plans . the police and bomb squad were called after the four-propeller , 50-centimeter wide drone , was spotted by member of the prime minister 's staff , on the roof of his principle office and residence in chiyoda-ku , tokyo . the drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material , according to japanese media . radioactive : the drone , which landed on the roof of the japanese prime minister 's official residence , was found to contain traces of a radioactive substance . alert : police and security officers investigate an unidentified drone found on the rooftop of the prime minister 's official residence in tokyo . the radioactive material is likely caesium , a soft metal and harmless to the human body , tokyo metropolitan police said . it is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country 's nuclear policy . people in japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants in the country , following the disaster at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant after the tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in 2011 . flown in : the blue tarpaulin covering the drone can be seen next to the helicopter pad on the roof of the prime minister 's office in tokyo . guarded : police and the bomb squad were called in after a member of the prime minister 's staff noticed the drone on the roof . tests to determine whether to plant should be decommissioned are currently being carried out , though many are skeptical over whether it would happen . meanwhile , the japanese government reportedly plans to dump 30 million tonnes of radioactive debris from the disaster in a waste complex by nearby village , okuma . anti-nuclear protests were held outside the kagoshima district court to stop reactors at kyushu electric power co 's sendai nuclear-power station in satsumasendai , southwest japan from being restarted , amid fears they were at risk fro earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . standing guard : a police officer outside prime minister shinzo abe 's official residence in tokyo . investigations : officers comb the roof for clues after a drone ( pictured right ) landed on top of the prime minister 's official residence in tokyo . prime minister shinzo abe was pushing for the reactors to be put back online as he wants to cut japan 's dependence on imported fossils fuels . the courts agreed , meaning they will be back online in less than two years . the drone was initially covered with a piece of cardboard and covered by blue tarpaulin before being removed . mr abe was not in residence at the time as he is currently in indonesia attending the asia-africa conference in jakarta . chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga said police were investigating wednesday 's incident and that the government may consider new regulations on drones .