celebrity chef matt kemp 's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business . one of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c*** ' . during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic , who was carrying their first child , while filming at sydney 's restaurant balzac in 2004 . scroll down for video . the extent of matt kemp 's rage is seen during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , which was broadcasted in 2004 . kemp is pictured here with his fiancee , christie webber , who is marrying at the end of the year . the award-winning chef told radojkovic : ' if you were n't my f***ing wife i would f***ing sack you - you c*** . ' looking back , kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way . ' it really makes you feel proud of the human i was , not . you say things in the heat of the moment that you do n't even think about until someone catches it on tv , ' he told daily mail australia . kemp discusses his anger issues on tuesday 's episode of insight on sbs . the chef is pictured here with three of his children . he said he missed out on a lot of their childhoods . kemp ( second from left ) is pictured here with my kitchen rules judge colin fassnidge . the 44-year-old said he would work himself into a ' frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage . ' i would be doing so many things that my head would explode - you ca n't clone yourself , ' kemp told daily mail australia . ' i would get so angry and worked up that i could n't speak . ' it also isolated him from his kitchen staff who he said at the time he did not care about , but now he takes the time to praise them . one of his biggest regrets before he ' grew up ' and became less ' hot headed ' was not being there for the births of his children . ' before i would n't take time off for work and if i did i would never stop thinking about it , ' kemp told daily mail australia . former nrl player mark geyer also had anger management issues and appears on insight on tuesday alongside kemp . geyer , who used to play for the penrith panthers , is pictured here with his wife , meagan , who he describes as his rock . ' i did n't see my first two children get born . i did n't see my third child really get born . ' i 've got four kids , i 've got to be a dad , that sort of thing makes you grow up a bit . ' i want to be a dad . i want to spend time with them . ' kemp attributes getting older as a reason why he decided to change his attitude and behaviour about five years ago . the chef now works at charing cross hotel in waverley - in sydney 's east - and still raises his voice in the kitchen , but it does not escalate to ' uncontrollable rage ' . after turning his life around , kemp met his fiancee , christie webber , who he will marry at the end of the year . another panellist on tuesday 's insight is former nrl player mark geyer , 47 , who got in trouble a number of times for violence after consuming alcohol . ' i got charged with assault when i was 22 . i have a record for the rest of my life , ' he told daily mail australia . ' i did n't walk away . i never started the fight in the pubs and clubs , but i finished them . ' there was a ticking bomb inside of me . ' the proud father-of-five said having children was the push he needed to turn his life around . the family man has urged people to ' walk away ' from a fight and not engage in fights . the proud father-of-five credits his turnaround to his children , without any help from a counsellor . he said the anger he felt before was now being re-directed to get angry at things that could hurt his children . ' the whole reason i stopped being a mug and stopped my anger was because i had children , ' geyer told daily mail australia . ' i suddenly had someone to worry about instead of myself . ' geyer , who works on-air for sydney 's triple m , told daily mail australia he was ' a volcano waiting to erupt ' between the ages of 17 and 26 . he said the two reasons why he acted so aggressively was because he was bigger than most people and he used his size to intimidate people . kemp and geyer will appear on insight 's anger episode on sbs one on tuesday from 8.30pm . the former penrith player said his turning point happened when his wife , meagan , was pregnant with their first child . he said she told him to clean his act up and become the man she had married . ' i saw the ultrasound of my first baby and it made sense , ' geyer said . ' i come from a great family there was no excuse ... i was becoming the opposite of what my parents wanted me to be . ' geyer urged people who had similar issues that he did to watch insight and start to change their lives . ' i try to tell my kids , walk away , ' he said . ' if you see someone in dramas always try to help , but if they 're looking for trouble it 's a mug 's game . ' insight 's anger episode airs on tuesday from 8.30pm on sbs one .