sugar consumption : researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 ( file picture ) . if you’re feeling stressed in the office , a sweet tea or coffee can seem like the perfect pick-me-up . according to scientists , sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol , which is released into the body when we are experiencing stress . researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame . the volunteers were instructed not to consume other sugary drinks , including fruit juice , outside these times . before and after the study period , the women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent mri scans to measure the response of their brains to stress . saliva samples were also used to measure levels of cortisol , which is made by the adrenal glands . the women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks . dr kevin laugero , one of the researchers at the university of california , davis , said : ‘ this is the first evidence that high sugar consumption – but not aspartame – may relieve stress in humans . ’ finding : scientists at the university of california , davis ( above ) said the women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the artificially sweetened drinks . however , while research shows sugary drinks can help to dull feelings of anxiety , experts warn that too many of them could be habit-forming – and may explain the desire to comfort eat under pressure . dr laugero , whose findings were published in the journal of clinical endocrinology & metabolism , warned that chronic stress could prompt people to make a habit of consuming too much sugar , which is not recommended due to its links to health problems . he said : ‘ the concern is that psychological or emotional stress could trigger the habitual overconsumption of sugar and amplify sugar’s detrimental health effects , including obesity . ’ in the us , more than a third of adults and about a sixth of children are obese , with sugar-laden fizzy drinks and fruit juice partly to blame . around half of the american population consume sugary drinks on any given day . dr laugero added : ‘ the results suggest differences in dietary habits may explain why some people under-react to stressful situations and others over-react . ‘ although it may be tempting to suppress feelings of stress , a normal reaction to stress is important to good health . ’