the ornate sheikh zayed grand mosque is so spectacular that more than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to abu dhabi to pray during the annual eid celebrations . and british photographer julian john is equally as captivated by the incredible interiors of the biggest mosque in the middle east . now living abroad , john visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be ' the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown . ' scroll down for video . the breathtaking sheikh zayed grand mosque , in abu dhabi , united arab emirates , is the biggest in the middle east . british amateur photographer julian john has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors . teaching assistant julian , originally from brighton , sussex , but living in the uae capital for the last four years , is planning an exhibition of his epic photos . julian said : ' for me , it is the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown . ' it has been described as a masterpiece of islamic architecture and is truly a modern wonder of the world . ' it is beautiful and serene and the attention to detail is breathtaking with craftsmen from all around the world instrumental in making it so spectacular . ' calling the grand mosque the ' jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown , ' john has been snapping photos of it for four years . while the interiors are beautiful , the courtyard is a sight to be seen in and of itself , featuring the world 's largest marble mosaic . as well as the stunning courtyard , which features the largest marble mosaic in the world at 180,000 square feet , julian has also snapped the impressive exterior . the four 350-ft tall minarets , which can be seen across the abu dhabi skyline , are lit up in dramatic style against the cloudy skies in one of the photographer 's incredible shots . julian , who uses a nikon d800 camera with nikon 24-70mm and the tamron 70-200mm lenses , was inspired to take up his hobby four years ago when he first moved to the middle east . he has since set up a photography class at the international school where he works . the mosque 's four 350-ft tall minarets , another of john 's favourite features , look incredible lit up along the abu dhabi skyline . ' there are so many photographic opportunities that you 're almost spoiled for choice , ' the amateur photographer and teacher explains . the gorgeous structure took almost 10 years to build - and more than 30,000 workers - and was only completed in 2007 . julian said : ' there are so many aspects to the grand mosque from stunning interiors to domes and minarets and fountains to the beautiful pillars with inlaid flowers . ' there are so many photographic opportunities that you are almost spoiled for choice . ' as long as i live in abu dhabi , i will always visit the grand mosque and continue to photograph it . ' the towering structure took almost 10 years to build with more than 30,000 workers starting work on the site in 1996 . it was not completed until seven years after the millennium in 2007 .