ed miliband faced ridicule last night after privately billing himself as the ‘ happy warrior’ ahead of last week’s televised election debate . the labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘ relish the chance to show who i am’ . and in handwritten notes , mr miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘ use the people at home’ . embarrassingly for the labour leader , the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the salford itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders . scroll down for video . embarrassing : ed miliband faced ridicule last night after privately billing himself as the ‘ happy warrior’ ahead of last week’s televised election debate . mr miliband faced criticism last week for his ‘stiff’ , mannered performance – including turning to look straight into the tv camera shortly after each question from the studio audience . but his discarded notes , according to the sun on sunday , reveal the extraordinary lengths he went to in his determined bid to get the better of his political opponents . one note appears to explain why mr miliband smiled serenely every time he came under fire . it read : ‘ happy warrior , calm , never agitated . ’ last night , labour sources suggested that was a reference to the poem the character of the happy warrior by william wordsworth . in a further self-motivational message , mr miliband , pictured during the debate as natalie bennet speaks , also wrote the words ‘negative’ and ‘positive’ connected by an arrow . but the notes also betray the vital importance for the labour leader of landing a blow on the prime minister – and contrasting himself with mr cameron . he wrote ‘ me versus dc’ , followed by ‘ decency , principle and values’ . in a further self-motivational message , mr miliband also wrote the words ‘negative’ and ‘positive’ connected by an arrow . the labour leader’s notes also reveal that several of his most successful ripostes were carefully scripted in advance . last night , a labour spokesman said : ‘ these notes will come as no surprise . they explain why and how ed took on david cameron over the nhs and living standards ' . looking down : labour party leader ed miliband leaves mediacityuk in salford following the televised leaders ' election debate . for example , after mr cameron reminded the labour leader of his alleged plan to ‘weaponise’ the nhs , mr miliband’s quickfire retort – ‘ i would say to everybody at home : use your vote as a weapon to fight for the future of the health service’ – was drawn virtually word for word from his notes . last night , a labour spokesman said : ‘ these notes will come as no surprise . they explain why and how ed took on david cameron over the nhs and living standards . ‘ they also show how ed set out a positive vision for the future with labour’s better plan , including on zero-hours contracts , lower tuition fees and rents . ’ our surveys said : after four opinion polls were released , the average poll of polls put mr cameron narrowly ahead on 22 per cent , with 21.5 per cent saying mr miliband won , 21 per cent backing mr farage and 20 per cent favouring miss sturgeon .