a 16-year-old filmed throwing a kitten against a door and flushing it in the toilet has been banned from keeping animals for ten years after it had to be put down because of the abuse it suffered . the teenager , who can not be named for legal reasons , had to look away as disturbing footage of tilly meowing in distress as he threw her against the door was played in swindon magistrates court . he claimed he was ' accidentally ' high on ' white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis - and was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred . scroll down for video . disturbing scenes : defendant flushes tilly 's head in the toilet while high on super-strength cannabis . tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater . she was in such a sorry state when rspca inspectors found her that she had to be put to sleep . inspectors said she suffered a lot in her short life . owner sarah reeves was filmed throwing her cat against the walls , alerting the rspca to the abuse . the defendant admitted to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering and was given a nine-month referral order and banned for keeping animals for ten years . at an earlier hearing , tilly 's owner , sarah reeves , 19 , was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals . the rspca became aware of tilly 's condition when friends filmed reeves throwing the young cat against the walls of her home , where the male had been living for a month , the court heard . rspca inspector miranda albinson said when she arrived , the cat was cowering under a blanket , weighing just a third of what she should weigh , cold to the touch and ' clearly dying ' . she said : ' this cat suffered a great deal in its very short life . ' tanya james , prosecuting the 16-year-old , told the court : ' the vet was asked to consider all the evidence in relation to this defendant , and in his opinion , it shows him subjecting the cat concerned to mental and physical suffering when he flushed her in the toilet . ' the cat was further distressed when it was forced to cling on to him ( the defendant ) , and being dropped in the bath was a further traumatic experience . ' the cat would have been suffering considerable stress and anxiety throughout the incident . ' he states the cat was locked in the bathroom 24/7 and rarely got fed . ' he had been living at the address for a month , and said he had kicked the cat in the stomach in a play fight . ' he agreed he had been cruel to tilly . ' on the day in question he had come back to the house and there was a group of males smoking weed and sarah asked him to put tilly in the bathroom . ' mark glendenning , defending the youth , said : ' the cat suffered at the hands of the co-defendant which is why it had to be euthanised . ' he can give no credible explanation as to why this happened , other than he did not give it any thought , which is worrying in itself . ' there is some talk he will have to rely on food banks , and he was effectively sofa-surfing . ' linda raine , chair of the bench , told the youth : ' this was a horrible incident . i notice you could n't bring yourself to even look at the video . ' unfortunately we had to . ' 