when destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend , it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans . beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ' alpha & omega ' and the hit single ' say yes ' from michelle 's ' journey to freedom ' cd . the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names . scroll down for video . nameless : singers michelle williams , kelly rowland and beyonce performing `` say yes '' during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last week . the singers did not refer to themselves as destiny 's child . touchdown : destiny 's child perform during the pepsi super bowl xlvii halftime show in 2013 . daily mail online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they wo n't use the group name for that either . and it 's all by design . ' alhough destiny 's child is made up of the three ladies , beyoncé 's father and former manager mathew knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well . anytime they do anything under the name destiny 's child , he has involvement in it and money from it , ' a source close to the group reveals to daily mail online . none of the members of destiny 's child want any involvement with mathew , who once managed each of their individual careers as well as the group . kelly was first to fire him in 2009 , michelle followed in 2010 and beyoncé finally nixed all dealings with her dad after accusations of stealing money from her in 2011 . mathew 's marriage to beyoncé 's mother tina knowles ended after it surfaced he had gotten a woman named alexsandra wright pregnant . once she gave birth to their son nixon , tina filed for divorce . in 2014 , it was revealed that mathew fathered a second child , a four-year-old daughter named koi . ' that it was claimed mathew stole money from beyoncé and then he sued to prove that he did n't was bad enough . but all of the extramarital affairs and children outside the marriage just made it so that beyoncé does n't have anything to do with her dad at all , ' the source explained . before the split : destiny 's child and matthew knowles pose for a portrait october 30 , 2000 in houston . in late 2012 , beyoncé invited her dad to meet daughter blue ivy and to have a conversation with him that was chronicled for her hbo documentary , 'beyoncé : life is but a dream . ' but after that , says the source , she stopped communicating with him again and his only access to her is via her assistant 's work email address . the trio 's unwillingness to deal with mathew is why they keep putting off a destiny 's child reunion album and tour . their 2005 destiny fulfilled tour grossed approximately $ 70.8 million in the u.s. alone and according to billboard it was the highest-grossing tour for either a pop or r & b band since tlc 's fanmail tour . beyoncé , kelly and michelle wanted to record a 10-year follow-up cd and launch a tour . they know both the album and tour could a huge seller and break tour records . ' the problem is they ca n't figure out how to nix mathew from the deal . they all want more than anything to give the fans one last run of the group , especially since they all have their own individual success , but do n't want to deal with mathew , ' the source explained . it 's unlikely that mathew would allow the women to cut any deals without him . his financial problems have been widely reported over the last year . having once earned millions of dollars , mathew told a court during a child support hearing in 2014 that he only made $ 127k in 2013 and has expenses of at $ 51,000 a month . destiny 's child first album debuted in 1998 . in late 2012 , beyoncé invited her dad to meet daughter blue ivy and to have a conversation with him that was chronicled for her hbo documentary . but after that , says the source , she stopped communicating . last december photos emerged of a huge garage sale he was having in houston , where selling both beyoncé and old destiny 's child memorabilia to raise money . ' at best they maybe could offer him a flat rate or one-time settlement to buy out his portion of the group , but otherwise we may never get a destiny 's child reunion because none of them want him to benefit financially , ' the source concluded . destiny 's child made their debut in 1998 with their self-titled release . the group then consisted of beyoncé , kelly , latavia roberson and letoya luckett . in 1999 , mathew kicked out latavia and letoya and replaced them with michelle and a short-lived member farrah franklin ( she barely lasted three months ) before settling in as a trio . they would release four additional albums ; win three grammy awards and go on to sell more than 60 million records worldwide . mathew knowles financial problems have been widely reported over the last year . having once earned millions of dollars , mathew told a court during a child support hearing in 2014 that he only made $ 127k in 2013 and has expenses of at $ 51,000 a month . last december photos emerged of a huge garage sale knowles was having in houston , where selling both beyoncé and old destiny 's child memorabilia to raise money . giant beyonce posters sold for $ 200 . t-shirts for sale : after their breakup in 2005 , beyoncé became an international pop star with five solo albums releases and 17 grammy wins . in addition to starring in movies like dreamgirls , obsessed , the pink panther and cadillac records ; beyoncé and her husband jay-z became friends of president barack and michelle obama . kelly first became a top-selling european music superstar before finding solo success in the u.s. with hit singles like ' when love takes over ' and ' motivation . ' with four solo albums under her belt , she 's won a grammy award as a solo artist and became a judge for both simon cowell 's the x factor uk and the x factor us editions . michelle was has released three chart-topping gospel cds and dance album called ' unexpected . ' she 's also starred in multiple broadway productions including aida , the color purple , chicago , and fela ! . in addition to co-hosting oxygen 's fix my choir series , she 's been named a frontrunner as a new co-host for abc 's the view . 