recent weeks might have suggested an early summer , but britain is now in for a reality check as ice , rain and snow arrive with -5c ( 23f ) temperatures . the colder weather is set to last the first half of may - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25c ( 77f ) mark . conditions this week are set to be average for april , with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the country . sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the pennines northwards , and there were small accumulations yesterday in the cairngorms . meanwhile the met office has a severe yellow ‘ be aware’ ice warning for north-east scotland , warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today . scroll down for video . getting colder : visitors to alnwick garden in northumberland enjoy the weather yesterday , with conditions expected to turn this week . going for a walk : visitors to alnwick garden admire the spectacular blossom on prunus serrulata ' taihaku ' trees in the cherry orchard . polar plunge : this graphic from netweather shows the temperature at 850hpa ( 5,000ft ) and the pressure at sea level as of midnight today . forecast : conditions this week are set to be average for april , with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the uk . it comes after britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest aprils on record , with a 2014 high of 25.1c ( 77.2f ) recorded in kent on april 15 . and pershore in worcestershire had the uk 's top temperature of 14.8c ( 58.6f ) yesterday , while morecambe saw 14.1 hours of sunshine . but the dramatic change is being brought in by a ‘ polar plume’ - a cold mass of air moving down from polar regions . met office meteorologist charlie powell told mailonline last night : ‘ it will feel cooler - temperatures are going to be around average . ‘ but because we have been used to things being so warm in recent weeks , we are going to notice the change . ’ more than 38,000 marathon runners in london yesterday were caught on the brink of the cold front , as cloudy , damp weather greeted them at the start . surface pressure : a cold front ( in blue triangles ) can be seen moving away from britain at midnight today after arriving over the weekend . cloudy , damp weather at the start : more than 38,000 marathon runners in london yesterday were caught on the brink of the cold front . better weather : lily , 11 , and jack manning , six , enjoy the sunny weather in portsmouth , hampshire , only six days ago on monday , april 20 . warmer days : people enjoy the warm weather at jubilee gardens next to the london eye in the centre of the capital on saturday , april 18 . the mercury is expected to fall as low as -2c ( 28f ) early this morning in built-up areas , while rural parts could see -5c ( 23f ) , this week’s expected low . this morning will see a frost , mr powell said , and showers are expected to arrive from the west today , with eastern parts forecast to be the driest . and today britain is even expected to be colder than the norwegian capital oslo , which will reach around 13c ( 55f ) . temperatures will be around 12c ( 54f ) for most , although the far south east could see up to 15c ( 59f ) - but that will come with a few showers late on . tomorrow and wednesday will also be showery days , with overnight temperatures around freezing and highs of 14c ( 57f ) in the daytime . a similar high could be seen on thursday and friday , but there is expected to be more sunshine , fewer showers and lighter winds by this point . conditions will marginally improve for the beginning of the bank holiday , with dry and mild weather predicted for the friday and saturday . early forecasts for the bank holiday weekend suggest the north east will see the best weather into saturday - but could still be hit by showers .  how it works : this met office moving graphic shows how the arrival of an arctic maritime air mass is affecting temperatures in the uk . a pair of dolphins arrived on the south coast of england yesterday , with hundreds of residents enjoying the spectacle . the common dolphins , normally found offshore in deep waters , spent several hours swimming around weymouth harbour in dorset . and 48-year-old resident madeleine santonna told the bbc : ' i 've lived by the harbour all my life and i 've never seen anything like it . ' . spotted at the harbour : two dolphins swam around weymouth in dorset for several hours yesterday , causing excitement among onlookers . unusual appearance : the common dolphins seen at weymouth harbour yesterday are normally found offshore in deep waters in large groups . unprecedented sighting : one local resident said she had lived by the harbour for her whole life - but had ' never seen anything like it ' .