shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ' godfather of cricket ' following the former australia captain and broadcaster 's death at the age of 84 . benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 which saw him become the voice of the game in both england and his homeland . but he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country . tributes are seen at the statue of richie benaud at the sydney cricket ground after his passing aged 84 . a tribute of a microphone with benaud 's test cap number of 190 is left at the statue . the flags atop the sydney harbour bridge can be seen flying at half-mast as a tribute to benaud . the australian flag at the scg is lowered at half mast for the australian cricketer and commentator . one of benaud 's most famous commentaries was on the ' ball of the century ' - warne 's first delivery in ashes cricket which dismissed mike gatting - and the 45-year-old fellow leg-spinner paid an emotional tribute to his mentor on instagram . ' dear richie , ' he wrote . ' i 've known you & daphne for close to 30 years & to everyone you were a legend on all levels & rightly so too . as a cricketer , commentator & as a person , you were the best there 's ever been & to top it off , an absolute gentleman ... ' for me it was an honour & a privilege to call you a close friend & mentor , we had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket & in particular , our love & passion of leg spin bowling . i will cherish our entertaining dinners & all the fun times we shared over a long period of time . ' i would also like to thank you & daphne for all your support & time you made for me as a young cricketer & leg spin bowler trying to make his way as an 18 year old , your tips & advice along the journey meant so much ! ! ! ' richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket & you will be missed by all ... r.i.p my friend . ' shane warne paid tribute to benaud , calling him the ' godfather of cricket ' . current australia test captain michael clarke believes it was benaud 's spirit as well as his prowess with bat , ball and microphone that made him one of the most popular figures in the game . ' i think that everybody involved in the game of cricket : supporters , players , the media , everyone , richie is known for a lot more than bowling a few leg-spinners and hitting a few cover drives , ' he told today on channel nine in australia . ' i think that 's probably why he 's such an idol to so many current cricketers because he 's been such a gentleman on the field , an amazing player and a lot of current players probably do n't realise what a good player he was . ' but , what he 's done off the field , he 's an amazing example to a lots of sportsmen . i think all of us look up to richie so it 's a really sad day . ' he was a great player and a great captain , a wonderful leader of men and i think he 's continued that off the field . he sets a great example , he 's a gentleman , he played the game in the right spirit . ' he loved winning and i think he helped the australian team have that attitude that they wanted to win but he played the game the right way . ' benaud took a break from commentary in 2013 after being involved in a car accident and just over a year later his comeback was put on ice as he began to receive treatment for skin cancer . benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . a floral tribute lies at a plaque at the scg . he never did return to the microphone full time but his legacy was long since secured and australia coach darren lehmann hailed him as ' one of the game 's greats ' . ' the fact that australia never lost a series under his captaincy says so much and those standards were just as high when he turned his attention to calling the game , ' said lehmann . ' we loved listening to him commentate when the team was together in the dressing room . when he was on air , we always had the tv volume turned up because his comments were so insightful . ' he spent a lot of time talking to players of all ages , passing on his great knowledge and love of the game . what stood out more than anything about richie is that he always put the game first . ' there will only ever be one richie benaud . our thoughts go out to daphne , john and the entire benaud family at this sad time . ' his family have been offered a state funeral by australian prime minister tony abbott . benaud at one point was australia 's leading wicket-taker with his leg-spin before his record was surpassed by dennis lillee and eventually warne . england coach peter moores was also among those to express their sympathy at benaud 's passing , saying : ' richie sums up all that is great about our sport . ' he was a true gentlemen with a real insight into the game , he made heroes of the players he commentated on and his enthusiasm for the sport made you want to get off the sofa and play . ' he will be sorely missed . ' the tributes continued to pour in as the rest of the world awoke to the news . australia batsman steve smith , currently in india playing in the indian premier league , wrote on twitter : ' sad to wake up and hear of the loss of richie benaud . true gentleman and the voice of cricket . will always be remembered rip richie £190 . ' the number 190 refers to benaud 's test cap number for australia . a three-part post from india great sachin tendulkar read : ' # riprichie wonderful personality who was always warm and encouraging . had great insights on the game . ' fondly remember our discussion on the art of leg spin along with official @ shanewarne in sharjah . last spoke to him late last year . ' was not well but full of enthusiasm . great loss to the world of cricket . heartfelt condolences to richie 's family and friends . ' sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara added : ' so sad to hear about the passing of richie benaud . the great voice of cricket is no more . he defined an era with conviction and sincerity ' . david morgan , mcc president , said : ' i came to know richie and his wife , daphne , well over the course of my career , and i am deeply saddened to hear of his passing . my thoughts go out to daphne , and the rest of richie’s family and friends . he was a kind , generous and supremely talented man . ' as a cricketer he was a fantastic leader and one of the finest exponents of the art of leg spin the game has ever seen . as a commentator his skill was unrivalled – charismatic , engaging and informative . ' he truly was the master of the pause . he is irreplaceable as a broadcaster and his passing will leave a void in the j.p. morgan media centre during this year’s england v australia investec test match at lord’s . ' 