a gang of armed robbers used pink umbrellas to hide themselves as they stole £145,000 from 13 shops in a two-month crime spree . the brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops , swiping £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process . cctv footage from one of the raids in tipton , west midlands , shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance as they burst into a supermarket , where they stole cash from the offices . scroll down for video . umbrella thieves : a gang of armed robbers used pink brollies to confuse staff as they raided 13 shops in a two-month crime spree in the west midlands . the gang also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers , before punching one employee in the face . in a separate raid , the men stole the store manager 's mercedes e200 which they used as their getaway car . the group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob . police caught the thieves following a raid on an asda supermarket in coseley , west midlands , where they were armed with hammers and what was reported to be a gun in a plastic bag . detectives then used forensic evidence found on the weapon to link the various burglaries , before executing search warrants on the homes of the four suspects . during the searches , police found fluorescent jackets , identical to those used in the raids , along with banks statements showing large transfers of cash . armed : the gang also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives , golf clubs and screwdrivers . they also discovered numerous cash bags from a shop known as farmfords , one of those targeted by the group , as well as £2,500 in cash . mobile phones found at the addresses also showed several calls made between the group , while number plate analysis linked the defendants to the areas where the crimes had been committed . liam bell , 19 , from rowley regis , west midlands , and 22-year-old trea richardson , from hansworth , were arrested in june last year , at the time of the warrants being executed . marcus morgan , 21 , from tividale , west midlands , went on the run for five months before being detained in november . guilty : ashleigh evans , 26 ( left ) from west bromwich and marcus morgan , 21 ( right ) from tividale , west midlands , were jailed for ten years and seven years respectively for their parts in the 13 robberies . jailed : liam bell , 19 ( left ) , from rowley regis was jailed for six years and six months while trea richardson , 22 ( right ) from hansowrth , was sentened to a four-year jail term . ashleigh evans , 26 , from west bromwich , was arrested on a flight back from amsterdam . officers even found the umbrella captured on cctv in his luggage . on friday , evans was sentenced to 10 years in prison , while bell was jailed for six years and six months . richardson received a four-year jail term while morgan was sentenced to seven years . sentencing morgan , recorder william mousley qc said to morgan : ' no doubt you would have seen the fear in the eyes of the people you were robbing yet you carried on thereafter . ' it was not a one-off , it was a course of conduct you decided to engage in quite freely for a few weeks . ' this was professional , commercial robbery for significant financial gain where people were disguised and premises targeted that were vulnerable where people worked hard for not much money . ' they were not the type of premises where workers would expect people like you to come in and rob the store . the only mitigation i can find other than your guilty plea is your youth . ' speaking after the hearing , detective sergeant rich whitehouse , from west midlands police , said : ' the money and value of goods stolen , while significant , is nothing compared to the impact these offences have had on the staff members of the targeted premises . ' these offences were carefully planned and the group went to great lengths to conceal their involvement , often using umbrellas as cover when walking from the street to the shops , so as not to draw attention to their face coverings . ' however , the more offences they committed the more arrogant they became . there was also a clear escalation in the type of weapons used in the robberies and i am in no doubt they would have gone on to seriously hurt someone had they not been stopped . '