lorenzo simon was today found guilty of murder after killing his tenant then hacking his body into pieces . a landlord who chopped his friend up and stuffed the body parts into suitcases which he dumped in a canal was today found guilty of murder . lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer . he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put mr spalding 's body parts and tools into two suitcases . simon , with the help of his girlfriend michelle bird , 35 , then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs . today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at birmingham crown court . bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four-week trial . the court heard simon murdered mr spalding , known as spud , by stabbing him in the neck at the flat they shared in smethwick , birmingham , on april 26 last year . he then hacked the body up and stuffed the head , limbs and tools into a suitcase . police found his remains when a narrow boat owner spotted one suitcase , containing mr spalding 's torso , floating in the birmingham canal on may 5 . it was examined by a canal trust contractor on may 12 , who opened the case to discover the gruesome evidence . police divers recovered the second case which contained mr spalding 's head , limbs and tools - below pope bridge , smethwick , on may 16 . further searches of the canal bed uncovered a hacksaw which was used to saw off mr spalding 's head . using futuristic 3d scanning technology experts were able to show a perfect jigsaw fit between the charred bone and a severed limb found in the suitcase . the same technique - which provides image resolution 43,000 times more detailed that a hospital ct scan - proved a link between the hacksaw and lacerations found on other bones . mr spalding 's body parts were found inside this suitcase , which was dumped in the birmingham canal . a second suitcase ( pictured ) containing mr spalding 's grisly remains was discovered 11 days later . drag marks were also found on the towpath near pope 's bridge where simon and bird dumped the suitcases into the canal . unemployed simon , who has convictions for robbery , burglary , theft and supplying drugs , moved to derby in a bid to evade police but was arrested with bird on may 19 . he denied knowledge of mr spalding 's death , claiming he threw him out following a row over a car crash , but later admitted assaulting him during a fight . neighbours reported seeing a bonfire in the garden and when officers raided the home they discovered part of a humerus bone inside the drum . detectives later heard accounts from neighbours who told of ' aggressive , nasty ' arguments coming from the flat . one recalled simon saying : ' i want this place finished , i 've got to live here , you are taking the p**s ' . 3d scanning technology was able to prove a link between this hacksaw and lacerations found on mr spalding 's bones . mr spalding was heard to reply : ' i 'm tired , i 'm hungry , i want to go home . i 've been at it all day ' . adjourning the case until next wednesday for sentencing , justice kathryn thirlwall said : ' lorenzo simon you have been convicted of murder . as you know the sentence for murder is life imprisonment . ' the question is the minimum amount of time you should serve before the consideration of parole . ' speaking after the verdict , detective inspector harry harrison , of west midlands police , said : ' michael was exploited in life by lorenzo simon and michelle bird and they afforded him no dignity in death . when police raided the home , parts of a humerus bone were discovered inside this charred drum . ' on the contrary , they treated him in the most despicable manner in order to conceal their crime . ' simon accepted michael as a tenant on the agreement he used his considerable handyman skills to do up the flat . ' but he treated him like a slave , working him past midnight and then waking him early in the morning to continue working . ' they were only allowed out with his say-so and given just one meal a day , usually pizza and chips . ' michael finally broke and complained at their treatment . we believe that , combined with a car accident where simon accused him of being responsible for damaging his vw passat , led to the fatal attack . ' simon said he hit michael in the back and that he fell to the floor dead within seconds and claimed to have disposed of the body in panic . ' bird said she was on an errand to buy alcohol at the time of the killing but later admitted helping her boyfriend in the aftermath . ' however , we were able to provide compelling evidence to the jury that this was a vicious murder and that simon went to considerable lengths to try and cover his tracks . '