a man awaiting sentencing for murder escaped from a jail in eastern illinois wednesday after beating a guard into unconsciousness , taking his keys and uniform and speeding off in his suv . kamron t. taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m . he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds , said kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski . taylor , a 23-year-old from kankakee , is considered armed and dangerous , the sheriff said . he was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison . scroll down for video . on the run : convicted murderer kamron t. taylor escaped from jail early wednesday . not going quietly : in this photo taken in february , taylor was removed from a kankakee county courtroom after struggling with the deputies and yelling at the crowd in the gallery after being found guilty of murder . besides hunting him down , investigators were eager to determine how taylor got free in what was the first successful escape from the decade-old lockup housing about 450 detainees . escaped : the 23-year-old taylor was awaiting sentencing when authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness , took his keys and uniform and sped off in his suv . ' the speculation on my part is somebody did n't do their job properly , ' bukowski said . after getting free of his two-man cell in a lockdown unit , taylor hid out and attacked the guard , a military veteran with 10 years of correctional experience , bukowski said . by wearing the guard 's uniform , taylor was able to fool other guards in a master control room who opened three sets of doors for him after visual verification by surveillance video , bukowski said . once outside , the suspect repeatedly pressed the guard 's key fob to locate his chevrolet equinox in a parking lot and drive away . authorities did n't learn of the escape until about 30 minutes later , when jail staff found the wounded officer , who is hospitalized in intensive care with head wounds . ' he was in and out of consciousness , unable to understand the questions that were given to him , ' bukowski said of the guard at a news conference . a few hours after sunrise , officers found the abandoned suv in a residential area of kankakee and approached the vehicle with their guns drawn . but taylor was nowhere to be found and it was n't clear whether he fled on foot or someone picked him up in another vehicle , the sheriff said . at one point wednesday , authorities issued an alert for a 15-year-old girl , savannah bell , who they believed was with taylor . illinois state police later announced the girl had been found , but did not say where or how officials found her or whether she had been with taylor . wanted : a $ 1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to taylor 's capture . dangerous : a woman rushes to her car in kankakee , ill. , wednesday , april 1 , 2015 , after being told by police that officers were searching in the area for prison escapee kamron t. taylor . following the trail : police approach a vehicle with guns drawn that convicted murderer kamron t. taylor stole during his escape . safe and well : authorities say they’ve found a 15-year-old girl , savannah bell , who they had thought to be in the company of convicted murderer who escaped from jail . jail staffing levels and procedures will be re-examined , but bukowski said taylor 's history of violence and previous escape attempts did n't necessarily single him out for stricter security measures . ' it raises an alert , i guess , ' he said . ' but you figure the people that are locked up in our facility are n't altar boys and you take certain precautions for all of them . and you ca n't become complacent with anybody ... especially a murderer . ' during his trial in february , taylor tried to escape from the courthouse minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . several sheriff 's deputies and bailiffs wrestled him to the ground , and taylor shouted expletives at the gallery as they led him away , according to a report in the ( kankakee ) daily journal . he also escaped briefly after his arrest in 2013 but was detained several blocks away , the newspaper reported at the time . taylor was found guilty of the june 2013 shooting death of 21-year-old nelson williams jr. during a botched robbery at williams ' home in kankakee . online court records show his sentencing is scheduled for may 11 .