the tranquility of a high-priced inner-sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters . a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders . ' dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics , ' it read . this controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray . ' if you ca n't afford to park in the cbd do n't come here ! ! cammeray is not a parking lot for losers . get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents . ' go back to your insular peninsular ... after all what do you do once you get here ? head straight for the bus stop . ' dijana wolffram , a local who is friends with the woman who found the note , said the letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community facebook page . one reply read : ' we laughed . but we were horrified that such a nimby ( not in my backyard ) culture existed in cammeray . after all they are really lucky to be in such a transport hub , that has such a wonderful bus service . share the love ! jason will park there again next wednesday , so watch this space . ' the north shore suburb was split on the parking issue , with other locals ' horrified ' by the letter . a local woman , who only wanted to be known as lauren , did not agree with the tone of the note , but said it was a real issue . ' not a fan of the way they wrote it , but we have this problem in our street , ' she said in a facebook post . ' every tom dick and harry park there cars in our street all day and then walk to roseville station . it 's really annoying ... they park up your a*** , sometimes taking up 2 spots . it 's really difficult for those that live in the street to park ! ' however , marina daillecourt did not agree with the letter . ' no one has anymore right to park on the road than any one else , ' ms daillecourt said on facebook . ' you do n't own the off street parking on your street . shows the writers ignorance as well as a complete lack of class . '