the morning after the row the night before , lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai , en route to the next race in bahrain . if the two mercedes drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms , they are communicating only when they have to . while they kept quiet among themselves , both had a further say in public about the dispute that broke out after the chinese grand prix . hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ‘racer’ and rosberg is not . lewis hamilton ( right ) and nico rosberg have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix . winner hamilton ( centre ) waves to the crowd as rosberg ( left ) and sebastian vettel shake hands . briefly , the bones of the argument are these . rosberg , who was beaten into second place by hamilton , said his team-mate had been ‘selfish’ by slowing down while leading the race . it caused him ( rosberg ) to be bunched up closer to the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel , whom he feared could overhaul him . vettel did not manage to do so and finished third . the verbal spat played out at the press conference as the two protagonists sat side by side . rosberg fumed . hamilton smiled , seemingly happy to have riled his title rival . but it can now be revealed what happened after they finished their subsequent round of interviews in the shanghai paddock on sunday night . both went through their usual engineering debriefs before being brought in one by one to meet senior mercedes management including toto wolff and paddy lowe , team principal and technical director respectively . hamilton went in first and was in conversation with his bosses for half an hour . rosberg for 20 minutes , now in a room illuminated by lights as darkness crept in outside . then , more than two hours after the race had finished , wolff was happy the team had got their story straight enough to speak to journalists . it was now 90 minutes after his scheduled press conference . rosberg ( left ) was clearly angry with hamilton in sunday 's press conference and hit out at his team-mate . the british driver ( right ) denied he had done anything wrong following rosberg 's accusations . hamilton ( right ) backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . he declared the talks ‘positive’ and cleared both his drivers of wrongdoing . hamilton then spoke to the press under an embargo that mean his words have not appeared until now . ‘ nico didn’t try , ’ he said with passion , often repeating his words for emphasis . ‘ nico didn’t try . ‘ they said maybe he was just comfortable in second place and i said , “ well that’s the difference between us . i want to win always . ” ‘ and i would have done everything to get past today . or at least pushed for three laps . he wasn’t quick enough . ‘ this is motor racing , man . racing . don’t take away the fun of the racing . it’s racing . i wouldn’t have sat back two seconds to make it to the end of the stint . ‘ i don’t even know what nico’s point is . where we are is that i just won the race today . i did the best job i could possibly have done and the team got a one-two . ’ hamilton’s explanation for slowing down is that he was running his own race and conserving his tyres as best suited him . no neutral i have spoken to within formula one disputes the world champion’s rationale . hamilton ( centre ) celebrates his win with the mercedes team , but rosberg ( right ) appears less pleased . hamilton crosses the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china . ‘ ultimately this is formula one , ’ added hamilton . ‘ i want the guy to be up my a*** if he’s got the pace to be up my a*** , and putting pressure on me . and if i can’t defend it , i lose , like in bahrain last year . i wasn’t quick enough and i did everything i could to stay ahead . and that was the greatest race ever . ’ the greatest race of this young century , certainly . both drivers are now spending a few days in dubai before travelling to bahrain for this year’s race on sunday . before leaving , and without knowing what hamilton had said , rosberg offered his considered version of events through his customary post-race video , on which he answered fans’ questions . one asked if he was ‘crying’ – by which the questioner meant moaning or being a poor loser . rosberg said : ‘ you say that i was crying . ok , i respect your opinion , and i’ll keep it in mind and i’ll try to show respect when it’s due going forward . ’ hamilton in front of team-mate rosberg during sunday 's chinese grand prix in shanghai . rosberg ( right ) speaks with mercedes executive director toto wolff in shanghai during the weekend . but why did he not push to pass hamilton ? ‘ it might not be so easy to understand from the outside , ’ said the german . ‘ but the reason is , i did try to attack lewis in the first stint , and it just didn’t work . all i did was destroy my tyres . ‘ so in the second stint there was no point to do that again . i would have completely destroyed my tyres and vettel could have had a really good shot at overtaking me . my only chance of winning the race anyway , or to fight lewis , or try to overtake him , would have come at the end of the race , so that’s what i was building up to . ‘ the worst part of the weekend was losing out to lewis in qualifying . that compromised me most . and it was by just four-hundredths . that’s all down to me to be those five-hundredths quicker next time . ’