louis van gaal says the prospect of facing aston villa scared him more than the idea of taking on manchester city at old trafford . united will be looking to end a run of four successive manchester derby defeats on sunday when city make the short trip across town . van gaal lost his first encounter with united 's closest rivals last november , when sergio aguero struck the only goal in a 1-0 win for the blues . manchester united boss louis van gaal insists he is not worried about the prospect of his side facing man city . van gaal , pictured with juan mata on friday , believes man city will not be as defensive-minded as aston villa . manchester united are currently one point ahead of local rivals manchester city . but van gaal is confident of victory this weekend , stating that he thinks city 's attacking tendencies will work in united 's favour . van gaal believes teams that come to old trafford looking to scrap for a point are much harder to beat . van gaal is so sure of that theory that he spent less time fretting about sunday 's opposition than he did last week when relegation-threatened villa came to old trafford . ' i had more fear of aston villa than manchester city , ' the united manager said , before adding : ' aston villa was more defensive . ' i do n't expect manchester city shall play so defensive as aston villa . then you need a lot of focus and concentration on our defence . ' a long ball is very difficult to defend . but ( against ) manchester city , i do n't expect very much long balls . ' it 's another game and that 's why i have less fear against manchester city in spite of losing 1-0 against them in the last game . ' ander herrera scored two goals as manchester united picked up all three points against aston villa . sergio aguero scored the only goal of the match during this season 's previous manchester derby . that is not to say he would not cherish his first win over city . ' i dream of it , every player shall dream of the victory , ' the united boss said . during his nine months in charge , assistant manager ryan giggs and club chef mike donnelly have taught the dutchman about united 's rivalries . but if he needed a reminder of the enmity between city and united , he got it this week from his wife truus , whose hairdresser is a blue . ' i 'm not so often in the city , but when i am there , the people are talking about the derby and even when i come home my wife is saying the things they have told her about this derby , ' van gaal told mutv . ' my wife 's hairdresser is a manchester city fan so there is a lot of discussion between these two women . ' i like it . you play football for the fans and i hope we can give our fans the victory . ' bragging rights are not the only thing at stake . victory would strengthen united 's grip on third place as they would then be four points clear of their ' noisy neighbours ' . a third-placed finish would guarantee direct entry into the champions league and that is what van gaal is aiming for . ' when you win , third place is then reachable and a month ago nobody was thinking about that , besides me , of course , ' van gaal said . ' third is good because you are certainly qualified for the champions league and then we do better than the goal that was set in pre-season . ' chris smalling was sent off during his side 's defeat at the etihad stadium back in november . smalling is heckled by manchester city supporters as he makes his way off the field . the fact that united and city are effectively battling for third position shows how disappointing their seasons have been . but van gaal has warned he will be setting out to land the top prize next year , after making a few additions to his squad . ' i want to improve my selection for the next season . then we can make a bigger step , ' he said . ' sir alex ferguson has done it before . jose mourinho is doing it now . ' last season he did n't win anything . now he is winning the title , now i try to do that also . ' united 's run of five straight league victories has moved them above city , who have won just two of their last seven games in all competitions . the fact that city have had the edge on their rivals recently does not seem to bother the dutchman though . ' that 's not my history , ' he said . ' the last game we played against them and we had a red card in the 39th minute - that is my history . ' chris smalling was the man who was dismissed at the etihad stadium . the defender earned his first booking for blocking joe hart as he went to kick the ball out of his hands , and he was cautioned for a second time for clumsily hacking down james milner . van gaal will remind his players they must stay on the pitch this weekend . he said : ' in such games always you have to control your aggression and we did not do that then , so i hope we have learned from that moment . ' we have had five red cards this year . it 's a record in my career as a manager and that 's not good . '