harry redknapp has revealed he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans as he left the emirates stadium after the gunners ' 4-1 win over liverpool . currently out of work after leaving his position at queens park rangers , the former tottenham boss was at the emirates as a spectator on april 4 when some fans turned against him . redknapp claims he had earlier signed autographs and posed for pictures with friendly supporters , but when he was stuck in traffic after the game , a group of supporters began abusing him . harry redknapp appeared on sky sports ' show the fantasy football club with paul merson ( centre ) . redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of queens park rangers . redknapp was at the emirates to watch arsenal breeze past liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on april 4 . speaking on sky sports ' the fantasy football club , redknapp said : ' i went to arsenal and to be honest with you they were fantastic . ' the people you meet , everyone , i signed autographs and spoke with everybody . i come out and had a couple of pictures in my car with the lads who come over - they were arsenal fans . ' suddenly about 15 blokes outside of a pub there go off and i 'm stuck in the traffic . they see me and bang , ( they start ) throwing coins and giving me abuse . after watching the game , redknapp claims he was attacked with coins by some arsenal supporters . redknapp has history with arsenal fans ; he is pictured remonstrating with one during his time as spurs boss . redknapp 's four years in charge of arsenal 's rivals tottenham means he is unpopular at the emirates . ' you know , it 's unreal . it 's always the small minority so they can spoil it for the rest and that for me is a big problem . ' the 68-year-old , who was speaking to former arsenal midfielder paul merson , admitted that abusive fans is the least enjoyable thing as a manager . ' a lot of it is not good abuse and a lot of it is personal abuse , it’s filth , ' redknapp continued . ' i see people there with their grandkids saying the most horrific things - it’s scary really . ' most punters are fantastic and it’s a lovely game i’ve been brought up with . '