protests by japanese-american groups and star trek 's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps . thousands of japanese-americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house 's facebook page , the san jose mercury news reported thursday . the items from the collection of ' dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville , new jersey . stopped the sale : star trek actor george takei helped halt the action of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii japanese-american internment camps . the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made . the auction was halted thanks , in part , to the efforts of takei , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas as a child . ' greetings from australia , ' takei wrote to followers on the japanese american history not for sale facebook . ' thank you all for mobilizing on this important issue . it took a few calls today here in the wee hours , and i 'll be issuing a formal statement later , but we can all celebrate a bit today at this news . ' also leading the charge against the auction was the heart mountain wyoming foundation ( hmwf ) , which threatened to sue the rago arts and auction center over the sale . outcry : takei and a group called the heart mountain wyoming foundation helped stop the sale of items like these panels carved in the internment camps . not just art for sale : families forced into the internment camps during wwii were not allowed to take photos and the officials photographers were barred from snapping the barbed wire and guard towers that became a part of these families ' lives . critics of the auction say these works are n't just art but expression of the sorry the disenfranchised families felt . ' i am heartened by the solidarity shown among the japanese american community to bring this issue to light , ' executive director brian liesinger said in a release . ' it spurred us on in our effort to do right by the collection and the incarcerees who created the artworks . ' heart mountain wyoming foundation runs a museum dedicated to educating the public about the wartime relocation of japanese americans , including the background history of anti-asian prejudice in america . according to a change.org petition that aimed to stop the auction , allen eaton would himself have been opposed to the sale . ' these items were given -- not sold -- to the original collector , allen eaton , because he wanted to display them in an exhibition that would help tell the story of the incarceration of 120,000 innocent people , ' reads the petition . ' these items were given -- not sold -- to the original collector , allen eaton , because he wanted to display them in an exhibition that would help tell the story of the incarceration of 120,000 innocent people , ' reads a change.org petition . ' dean of american crafts ' : the pieces were from the collection of ' dean of american crafts ' allen eaton . ' eaton opposed the incarceration and this sale goes against his intent for a public exhibition that received official support , ' opponents of the sale claimed . ' eaton opposed the incarceration and this sale goes against his intent for a public exhibition that received official support . ' according to nbc news , rago arts and auction center acknowledged the ' uncertain ethical landscape ' of the sale . their statement said , in part : ' there is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man 's inhumanity to man . ' it extends beyond what is legal . it is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly . we hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue . ' george takei ( pictured ) was taken with his family to a japanese internment camp in arkansas for he duration of wwii starting at the age of 5 . roughly 120,000 japanese americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the december 7 , 1941 , japanese bombing of pearl harbor . the ten camps were located in : amache , colorado ; gila river , arizona ; heart mountain , wyoming ; jerome , arkansas ; manzanar , california ; minidoka , idaho ; poston , arizona ; rohwer , arkansas ; topaz , utah ; and tule lake , california . a third of those in the camps had been born in japan and were not allowed to own land in some states or become naturalized u.s. citizens , writes history.com . rumors fueled by racial prejudice spread following the pearl harbor and suggestive a sabotage plot among japanese-americans . president roosevelt signed , executive order 9066 , which forced families and japanese-americans young and old out of their homes and into the cramped camps . among them was 5-year-old george takei , who was kicked out of his los angeles home along with his family in . ' we were in the living room - my brother and i - looking out the window and we saw two american soldiers marching up the driveway , ' takei recalled on the daily show . ' we were literally ordered out of our home at gunpoint . ' the family was taken to the rohwer , arkansas camp . they were forced to live there for the duration of the war , according to nbc news . years later , takei would still remember something his father said after the harrowing experience . ' our democracy is a people 's democracy , ' he said . ' and it can be as great as people can be , but it is also as fallible as people are . ' forced into camps : roughly 120,000 japanese americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the december 7 , 1941 , japanese bombing of pearl harbor . the ten camps were located in : amache , colorado ; gila river , arizona ; heart mountain , wyoming ; jerome , arkansas ; manzanar , california ; minidoka , idaho ; poston , arizona ; rohwer , arkansas ; topaz , utah ; and tule lake , california .     