nick clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his sheffield constituency after a shock poll showed he is on course to lose his seat at the general election . the deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam . mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote . today he insisted : ' we are going to win sheffield hallam . we are confident but not complacent . ' lib dem leader nick clegg is trailing labour by two points in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency in sheffield , a poll revealed this morning . aides said he would be out knocking doors on friday , saturday and sunday . but a poll by the tory peer lord ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters in sheffield hallam are now planning to vote for mr clegg 's labour opponent oliver coppard - compared with 34 per cent who said they would support the deputy prime minister . the revelation was included in the latest round of polling of marginal constituencies which could help decide the next election . these include one tory-held and seven lib dem constituencies . the polling suggests that the lib dems will hold on in four seats , reinforcing the party 's claim that they will do much better than national surveys suggest . on a national level , a poll of polls puts labour and the tories neck and neck on 34 per cent , with ukip on 13 per cent and the lib dems trailing on just eight per cent . a spokesman for mr clegg said the lib dems were confident of winning sheffield hallam . he said : ' we are never complacent , we do n't take any votes for granted but we are confident on winning because nick 's been the local mp there for ten years , he 's got a record in sheffield that we are happy to defend and his constituents appreciate ' . fourteen-month-old sophia o'driscoll met mr clegg today as he visited play town soft play centre in bishopbriggs in east dunbartonshire . mr clegg was promoting his policy to treble paternity leave to six weeks with lib dem minister jo swinson ( right ) . the lib dems say internal polling shows an average 9 per cent increase in the vote for their party when candidates are named , but could not say whether this was true in mr clegg 's case . the spokesman said failing to put the candidates name down , as on the ballot paper , would not yield an accurate result . he said : ' nick is extremely well known in sheffield hallam , and hugely well respected . he has a large personal vote and has ‎delivered consistently over the last 10 years . labour are talking a good game but they seem to be measuring the curtains already when they are not ‎going to be successful . ' since 2010 there have been 16 local elections in the constituency of which the lib dems have won 14 . in the last set of local election sin 2014 , the lib dems won in 4 out of the five wards in sheffield hallam . across the constituency the party got 38.7 per cent of the vote , labour got 23.6 per cent and the tories came fifth on 10.7 per cent . mr clegg spent today campaigning alongside east dunbartonshire lib dem mp jo swinson , including a visit to the thomas muir coffee shop in glasgow . despite lib dem confidence , labour claim its candidate in sheffield hallam could topple mr clegg after building up a ' formidable ' campaign team . tom watson , ed miliband 's former election coordinator , said : ' this seat is winnable for labour . i have never encountered such animosity on the doorstep against an incumbent mp - particularly one as high-profile . ' there are two issues that come up time and again : his position on tuition fees and sheffield forgemasters , which has not been forgotten . '