honesty is key in any relationship – but almost half of us lie to our partners about our finances , a study has revealed . forty-five per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards . and 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances . around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn , with 10 per cent of those surveyed having understated their salary , four per cent having overstated it and another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways . the survey by financial guide money advice service found 45 per cent of brion have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars , and 41 per cent of people surveyed di n't know how much their partner earned . of those who downplayed their wages , the main reason was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less . however some said they lied to make sure their partner was with them for the right reasons – and not because of their bank account . the majority of insecure workers who exaggerated their salary to a partner because they did n't think they would stand a chance otherwise . not wanting a partner to think they earned more came in second . the research by financial guide money advice service also found that 24 per cent lied to their partners about what they spend on themselves . for women clothes were the biggest reason for lying , with 66 per cent fibbing about the cost of their wardrobe , while for men , technology purchases had caused 27 per cent to lie . the main reason for lying , the survey found , was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less . of the women who lied about how much they spend on themselves , two-thirds were n't honest with their partners about how much they spent on clothes and shoes . one in four men lied about technology purchases . nick hill , from money advice service , says : ' for many couples , honesty is key to their relationship , but our research shows that many people hide the truth from their other half . ' some people are comfortable telling their partner the truth about their finances , while others opt to hide their income or spending in order to avoid having a difficult conversation . ' the important thing to take away from this research is that money should not be a taboo subject within a relationship . ' it is vital to know where you stand in order to protect your finances both during a relationship and when coming out of one and you 'll feel much more positive , open and honest about your relationship as a result . '