a teenager who received a life-saving heart transplant two years ago after initially being denied because of his bad behavior has died following a high-speed car chase with police . anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in roswell , georgia . his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children 's healthcare of atlanta , the atlanta journal constitution reported . the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood . the condition can lead to irregular heartbeats , blood clots or heart failure . scroll down for video . killed : anthony stokes , pictured , died on tuesday afternoon as he fled police after allegedly breaking in to a home in georgia . he is pictured right in a mug shot from a january arrest . life-saving : when he was 15 ( pictured ) , stokes received a transplant . his story made headlines after the boy was initially refused a transplant because doctors said he would not be compliant with the treatment . he had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be 'non-compliant ' with the treatment . patients can be disqualified from getting a transplant if a hospital doubts they 'll stick to the medication regimen after the operation . at the time , the hospital said that stokes had failed to take his medication in the past , so his history of non-compliance meant he was not put on the waiting list . but family and friends alleged that his low school grades and brushes with the law were the real reason he had been ruled out . stokes ' mother , melencia hamilton , told reporters that her son , who wore a court-ordered monitoring device , had been stereotyped as a troubled teen . following pressure from national media coverage , the boy 's family and civil rights groups , the hospital backpedaled in august 2013 , and the teenager received a new heart . ' after reviewing the situation , they said anthony would be placed on the list for a heart transplant and that he would be first in line , due to his weakened heart condition , ' spokesman mark bell said . video courtesy of cbs46.com . deadly : he crashed this stolen honda into a pole as he fled from police in roswell on tuesday afternoon . scene : he hit a woman and crashed into a suntrust bank sign ( pictured ) and later died in hospital . violent : he is also believed to have carried out an attempted robbery at an elderly woman 's home before the deadly crash . during the robbery , the intruder fired at the woman , leaving this bullet hole in the wall . in 2013 , the orlando sentinel reported that the average cost of a heart transplant is between $ 550,000 and $ 650,000 . that year , 63 georgia patients received a heart transplant , according to the united network for organ sharing . just six of those were between the ages of 11 and 17 . the hospital that carried out the transplant , children 's healthcare of atlanta , had long been quiet about the surgery and its cost - citing patient privacy laws - and declined to comment on wednesday , saying only : ' we are deeply saddened by this loss . ' photographs on stokes ' facebook page show him shirtless with a large scar to his chest from the surgery . other images show him pointing a firearm at the camera or holding up wads of cash . on january 10 this year , he was arrested and charged with possession of tools for the commission of a crime and criminal attempt , according to dekalb county jail , and he was released from jail on february 3 after posting $ 5,000 bond . then on tuesday , stokes put on a mask and allegedly kicked in an elderly woman 's door in roswell and shot at her after finding her watching television inside , police told cbs46 . she fled to a back bedroom and was unharmed but bullet holes could be seen in her walls and a black car was seen fleeing from the scene . stokes is pictured pointing a gun and holding cash in multiple photographs on his facebook page . police responding to a nearby call spotted a car that matched its description and took chase . with police on his tail , stokes clipped a car on an intersection and hurtled towards the curb - knocking down a 33-year-old woman before smashing into suntrust bank sign and wrapping the car around its pole , officer lisa holland said . the injured pedestrian , clementina hernandez , is in good condition in hospital but stokes passed away after he was cut from the car and taken to hospital . the crash remains under investigation . the vehicle had been reported missing from dunwoody so dunwoody police are also involved in the investigation . channel 2 recalled how , back in 2013 , stokes had said he was excited that the heart transplant would give him a second chance at life . ' so i can live a second chance , ' he said . ' get a second chance and do things i want to do . '