jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters , maintaining the lead during the final round at augusta . the 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par . he is playing alongside british contender justin rose in the final , showcase pairing , and will be looking to avoid the disappointment of last year , when he finished runner-up . some of his american rivals , such as tiger woods , have slipped down the leaderboard . but others , including dustin johnson and phil mickelson are still posing a threat . jordan speith , pictured during his final round on sunday , is in prime position to win the masters , taking a four shot lead into the final round at augusta . he is playing with british contender justin rose , who began the day four shots off the pace . spieth , who squandered a front-nine masters lead on sunday last year and settled for sharing second behind bubba watson , is the man to beat for the top prize of $ 1.8 million at the $ 10 million event . ' last year definitely left a bad taste in my mouth , ' spieth said . ' looking at trying to get some revenge . i 've got a long way to go still . ' the spotlight belonged to spieth , who could break tiger woods ' 1997 tournament record of 18-under 270 by shooting 69 in the final round . the former world number one woods started the day some shots back , and caused concern on the 7th hole when he seemed to injure his finger . he then pulled up on the 8th tee , shaking off the same hand while his girlfriend lindsey vonn watched from the crowds . if he wins , spieth would become the second-youngest winner in masters history , five months older than woods when he won his first major in 1997 . spieth could also become only the fifth wire-to-wire winner in masters history , joining craig wood in 1941 , arnold palmer in 1960 , jack nicklaus in 1972 and ray floyud in 1976 . spieth is the first player since greg norman in 1996 to own the outright masters lead after each of the first three rounds , but norman squandered a six-stroke lead in making the greatest last-day collapse in major golf history and lost by five to nick faldo . tiger woods waits to play a shot on the first hole during the final round . he started the day further down the field looking to make up lost ground . the former world number one let go of his club and shook his hand after hurting his wrist during after playing a shot in pine needles . his girlfriend , gold medal skier lindsey vonn , was spotted walking up the first way as he got his round underway . she has been on hand to support her beau at augusta throughout the week . no player in masters history has ever reached 19-under at any stage of the tournament but spieth flirted with it saturday , making four birdies in five holes to stand 18-under before a double bogey at 17 and a 10-foot par save at 18 , and could threaten again sunday . with 22 birdies through 54 holes , spieth broke woods ' record of 21 in 2005 and is on pace to shatter mickelson 's masters 72-hole birdie total record of 25 from 2001 . but spieth has not made the masters a runaway . rose , who closed with five birdies in the last six holes saturday , is trying for a second major crown - 22 months after his breakthrough at merion . and mickelson is still in position to potentially become the second-oldest winner in masters history after jack nicklaus , who was 46 when he won in 1986 . mickelson has only one top-10 in his past 31 starts but it was a runner-up effort at last year 's pga championship . mickelson won the 2004 , 2006 and 2010 masters , as well as the 2005 pga championship and 2013 british open . should he win sunday , he would match faldo and lee trevino as six-time major champions . spieth ( above with girlfriend annie verret on her 21st birthday ) is the first player since greg norman in 1996 to own the outright masters lead after each of the first three rounds . on saturday it was reported that the dallas , texas native has just bought $ 2.3million on a stunning texas mansion and has a gorgeous girlfriend , annie verret , who also happens to be his high school sweetheart . spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to shawn and chris spieth . steven , spieth 's younger brother , is an athlete as well , and plays basketball for brown university . then there is his youngest sibling ellie , who was born with a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum , and who has played the biggest role in shaping her brother 's career according to spieth 's mother . she says ellie helps the young superstar stay so grounded . ' jordan would n't be where he 's at today if he did n't grow up with ellie , ' said mrs. spieth in an interview with espn . ' jordan realizes this is n't real life at the masters . trying to sit around and have dinner when his sister does n't want to eat when everybody else is eating and has a fit , that 's real life . ' spieth on his own website has said : ' being ellie 's brother humbles me every day of my life . '   