cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy . george also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said seattle archbishop j. peter sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral mass at chicago 's holy name cathedral . ' the cardinal 's faith was simple , direct , without pretense or embarrassment , ' sartain said . ' he was so utterly a christian that no circumstance seemed inappropriate for him to give witness to christ . ' service : mourners pray during the funeral mass for cardinal francis george at holy name cathedral in chicago on thursday , april 23 , 2015 . george died friday , april 17 at age 78 after a long battle with cancer . remembered : in this nov. 17 , 2014 file photo , retiring cardinal francis george is seen at holy name cathedral in chicago . tribute : archbishop blase cupich , center , presides over the funeral mass for cardinal francis george . church : pallbearers carry the casket of cardinal francis george while placing it in a hearse after his funeral . honored : mourners view cardinal francis george on thursday . transported : the casket carrying cardinal francis george leaves the church after his funeral mass . george , a chicago native , died friday at age 78 , of kidney cancer . he was to be buried thursday in his family 's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines . after being appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago archdiocese , george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the u.s. church . at the height of the abuse crisis in 2002 , george led a group of u.s. bishops who persuaded resistant vatican officials to more quickly oust guilty priests — a policy at the core of reforms meant to restore trust in church leaders . he also oversaw the contentious new english-language translation of the roman missal , one of the biggest changes in catholic worship in generations . assembled : attendees are seen at cardinal francis george 's funeral mass on thursday . appearance : bruce rauner , the governor of illinois , was also present at the funeral mass . farewell : a mourner kisses the cardinal 's vestments at holy name cathedral before the funeral mass . mayor : chicago mayor rahm emanuel and wife amy rule walk into holy name cathedral before the funeral . gathered : archbishops and bishops line up outside the church ahead of the start of the funeral . and in his three years as president of the u.s. conference of catholic bishops , george spearheaded opposition to the affordable care act , arguing that the health insurance law would allow taxpayer money to fund abortion . the chicago archdiocese 's charitable arm helped sue the obama administration in 2012 over the requirement that employers cover the cost of contraception . george retired last fall before announcing his treatment for kidney cancer had failed . he was replaced by archbishop blase cupich . hundreds of clergy from around the country , plus chicago mayor rahm emanuel and illinois gov . bruce rauner joined lay catholics at thursday 's services , which followed three days of visitation . lolita slaughter of suburban bolingbrook said the funeral mass was ' beautiful , and such a great home-going for the cardinal , ' whom she regarded as a steady and stabilizing force . ' i love the way he led the church even through the controversies , ' said slaughter , 48 . ' he helped catholics come together . ' embrace : pope benedict xvi met with cardinal francis george in washington , dc in april 2008 . change : george also oversaw the contentious new english-language translation of the roman missal , one of the biggest changes in catholic worship in generations . tradition : incense is spread during the funeral mass . george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader and a leading figure in some of the most prominent events in the u.s. church . overseeing : archbishop blase cupich , left , presides over the funeral mass . cardinal francis george was appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago archdiocese . paying respects : bishops gather at the funeral on thursday in chicago . attendess : nuns from the oblate sisters of jesus the priest wait for the funeral mass of cardinal francis george at holy name cathedral to begin . hundreds of clergy from around the country , plus chicago mayor rahm emanuel and illinois gov . bruce rauner joined lay catholics at thursday 's services . celebrated : a program for the funeral mass for cardinal francis george shows his photo . pallbearers carry the casket of cardinal francis george after his funeral .