an eight-year-old boy has died a day after his family 's car hurtled off the road and into a los angeles harbor . his 13-year-old brother , identified as abdelkrim elmezayen , was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on thursday . their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital . firefighters rushed to the port in san pedro when passers-by heard cries for help . the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth 73 when the vehicle , driven by the boys ' father , veered off the edge of the harbor . scroll down for video . two dead : both children who fell into the la harbor has died and their parents are recovering in hospital . hero : firefighter miguel meza ( left ) who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of city councilman joe buscaino ( right ) . it landed upside down in the 30-foot water . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived , he said . witnesses told nbc the car appeared to speed up as it neared the edge . divers found the two boys inside the car . they had no pulses and were n't breathing when divers brought them up , and resuscitation efforts began immediately , humphrey said . the adults were described as being in fair condition but ' clearly emotionally distraught , ' humphrey said . firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of los angeles city councilman joe buscaino . ' firefighter miguel meza jumped into the water at berth 73 tonight in san pedro after a car with a family of four drove into the water . this man is a true hero in the city of angels and i am so proud of him ! ' he said . sucessful search : divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from the car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water . divers working in murky water searched the car and even opened the trunk , but they found no one else in it , humphrey said . the cause of the accident was under investigation . ' we do n't know at this time whether it was an accident or an intentional event , ' he said . nearly 100 firefighters , divers and helicopter and boat crews went to the scene , humphrey said . abc reports that the event that led up the incident remain unknown . witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge .