disneyland has captured the imaginations for generations since its opening in 1955 , but there is much that many people do not know about this magical place . chris strodder has created a handy book , the disneyland book of lists , which contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . you will find out how many people have given birth in disneyland , california , what the official pet food brand is , and how the ladies ' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day . here , mailonline travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about ... scroll down for video . disneyland has seen a number of changes since its grand beginning in 1955 to the worldwide popular theme park it is today , pictured here is sleeping beauty 's castle back in 1955 ( left ) and how it looks today ( right ) . 1 . before disney was opened walt received a wealth of advice , most of which he ignored . this included building non-revenue attractions ( such as sleeping beauty 's castle ) , not selling alcohol to increase profits , and for customer convenience , offer multiple entrances and exits ) . however for a short time guests could get beer with their picnic baskets in the outdoor holidayland in 1957-1961 . 2 . in the fantasyland 's peter pan ride , as guests fly out of the bedroom window , sometimes the alphabet blocks spell out disney . 3 . on main street , there is a tribute to walt disney 's father , elias disney , in a window above the emporium . 4 . when disneyland first opened in california on july 17 , 1955 , it was predicted that 10,000 people would attend . celebrities , reporters , employees , and sponsors were given staggered times on their tickets , to ease congestion getting in . however many people arrived earlier than their allotted time , with 20,000 more hopefuls queuing outside for miles around . walt disney received a wealth of advice , most of which he ignored before opening his fun park . disneyland in california is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of walt disney . 5 . the summer heat on that opening sunday was so great that some of the newly poured pavement started to soften , and trapped some of the ladies ' heels . 6 . it was intended that there would be a peter pan crocodile attraction with live fish . disney artist bruce bushman included the aquarium on his original designs , which depicted guests walking through a crocodile 's jaws to get to a marine viewing area . 7 . in 1955 , an adult ticket cost a mere $ 1 , with additional charges for attractions . even with the extra costs , the average spend was $ 2.37 ( according to a press release by disney , and included parking charges of 25 cents , admission , rides , amusements and souvenirs . 8 . this cost contrasts strongly with 2015 , and tickets are now priced at $ 99 , attractions included . it is estimated that guests spend a whopping 83 times the amount they did in 1955 , totalling $ 196 . this includes the $ 17 parking , admission , souvenirs , and an estimated average food spend of $ 50 . a then and now comparison of disneyland park in anaheim california , with founder walt disney pictured left . luxury has remained a constant through the years at disneyland in california , enjoyed by thousands each year . disneyland park , originally disneyland , is the first of two theme parks built at the disneyland resort in anaheim , california , opened on july 17 , 1955 . 9 . the first paying guest was a 22-year-old student called dave macpherson who queued up at 2am for the opening day for the public . 10 . the youngest guests in the park have been zero , as three babies have been born in the parks , the first being born near the plaza inn in 1979 . 11 . fifteen presidents have visited the parks , but not during office . 12 . the total cost for creating disneyland was $ 17million , which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of splash mountain $ 75million in 1989 , and $ 100-150million for indiana jones adventure in 1995 . while the magic has remained throughout the years at the fun park , rides have developed with the times . all staff are trained to a high level at the park to ensure guests have maximum enjoyment . 13 . many companies have sought to be the official providers for disneyland over the years . ones that have been featured as kal kan as the official pet food , orville redenbacher 's being the official popcorn and wonderbread being the official bread . 14 . the parks draw over 16 million tourists nowadays but the least busiest times to come include the first two weeks of november and december , the weeks between easter and memorial day , and the weeks between new year 's day and martin luther king jr day . 15 . on may 2 , 2006 , the two-billionth customer to attend a disney park visited disneyland . 16 . the most expensive item in the gift shop to buy is the crystal castle in crystal arts which is on sale for $ 37,500 . the total cost for creating disneyland was $ 17million , which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of splash mountain $ 75million in 1989 . disneyland park has around 16 million tourists a year , but it 's worth checking when the least busy times are . 17 . there are 24 themed clocks around the parks that actually tell the wrong time . if you are keen to count them all , a couple to get you started are the big ben during the peter pan ride , which is at 7.15 , and mickey 's toontown city hall clock which spins quickly . 18 . in minnie mouse 's house there is a shopping list stuck to the fridge which only has various types of cheese listed on it . 19 . unsurprisingly due to the number of snap-happy visitors , in 2014 , instagram named disneyland as the most geotagged location worldwide . 20 . snow white’s evil witch peeks out the window in the tower above snow white’s scary adventures every 24 seconds . a fresh lick of paint does no harm to ensuring some of the traditional builds maintain their impact . disneyland is the most geotagged location in the world , which is perhaps no surprise . 21 . only 5 per cent of the plants grown in the park by the evans brothers were native to california . 22 . disneyland 's classic carousel , is fitted with 68 leaping white horses , all of which have individual names and distinctive decorations . 23 . tom sawyer island is particularly special as it was said to be the only early disneyland attraction to be personally designed by walt , according to bob thomas in walt disney : an american original . 24 . the haunted mansion opened in 1969 , but the 1957 plans originally stated for it to be a murderous sea captain who hanged himself . a hanging corpse still be seen early in the attraction . on may 2 , 2006 the two-billionth customer to attend a disney park visited disneyland .