the issue of gender equality has been a hotly contested subject in the workplace for several years now , and recent statistics show that nothing much has changed . there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . a study by us research firm , expert market , looking at data from the international labour organisation ( ilo ) revealed that jamaica is the country where you 're most likely to have a female boss . jamaica , colombia and saint lucia , all relatively close to each other , have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . the world , organised and rated by the percentage of female bosses in the workforce . the caribbean island had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 60 per cent . out of the 108 world countries taken into consideration , columbia was closely behind with 53.1 per cent of their managers being female , and in third place was another island , saint lucia , with 52.3 per cent . closely following jamaica at the top were the phillipines at 47.6 per cent , as well as a series of other latin america countries . panama came in at fifth place and guatemala was eighth while eastern european countries were prevalent in the top ten , with belarus sixth and latvia coming in at seventh place . britain ( left ) is a country where 34.2 % of managers are women . much of the middle east ( right ) , as well as pakistan were flagged in red as accounting for the lowest percentage of women in managerial positions . britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries , as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women . although the uk surpassed countries such as germany ( 31.1 per cent ) , spain ( 30 per cent ) and china ( 16.8 per cent ) , it lagged behind major economies such as france ( 39.4 per cent ) , russia ( 39.1 per cent ) and australia ( 36.2 per cent ) . more surprisingly was that britain , as a first-world country , fell behind developing regions such as kazakhstan ( which had 37.2 per cent female bosses ) and moldova ( ranking at 44.1 per cent of managers being women ) . the united states was ranked within the top 20 countries in the world , at 15th place , as 42.7 per cent of all managers are female . pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers , at a meagre three per cent . the other poorly ranking countries included algeria ( at 4.9 per cent ) and jordan ( at 5.1 per cent ) . the united states of america ( pictured in light green ) are among the top 20 countries in the world for having a female boss , as 42.7 % of all managers are female . michael horrocks , brand manager at expert market , commented : ' it is promising to see that in a growing number of regions around the world , women are increasingly entering management positions and playing a more important role in business strategy . ' although the survey also revealed that nearly a third of all businesses around the world are now owned or managed by women , even more disheartening is the number of ceos in large companies . there are currently only five female chief executives in the ftse 100 : moya greene at the royal mail , alison cooper at imperial tobacco , carolyn mccall at easyjet , liv garfield at severn trent and veronique laury at kingfisher .