paris saint-germain manager laurent blanc admitted that barcelona were superior to his side ' in virtually every department ' as he saw his team slump to a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the quarter-final at the parc des princes . an early strike from neymar and second-half brace from luis suarez sealed victory for barcelona and placed the catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the nou camp on tuesday . blanc admitted his side felt the absence of the suspended marco verratti and zlatan ibrahimovic , while psg were also unable to start with david luiz and saw thiago silva hobble off in the early stages . luis suarez eases past david luiz en route to scoring his second goal of the champions league tie . gerard pique leads the celebrations after barcelona secured a 3-1 victory in paris on wednesday night . ' i 'm not going to make excuses about us being depleted , ' said blanc . ' i 'm not doing that . we put a team out there , but we were dominated by barcelona . ' it 's only six days until the second leg , with a league game in between , so it 's a ' short week ' for people to recover . i think barcelona were fitter than us . we had players who were n't at 100 per cent , and also a lot of absentees , but that should have been a motivation for us . we never controlled the ball well enough , and barca were better than us in virtually every department . ' we will have the suspended players back next week , and that is an incentive . we 'll try and put on a better show than we did tonight . they were better than us tonight and scored three goals . we 'll try and show a different psg at barcelona next week . hopefully we will achieve a different result . ' laurent blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination from the champions league . david luiz , who started the game from the substitutes ' bench , endured a night to forget in the french capital . in the end , the frenchman was relieved to escape only 3-1 down . ' it did n't end up as bad as it might have done , but the players are very disappointed with the way it went , ' he said . ' we gave the impression we gave barcelona the kind of game they wanted to pay . they made life difficult for us on the counter-attack and have players who can be very dangerous . ' barcelona manager luis enrique was delighted with his side 's showing and reserved special praise for suarez . ' suarez is special in his own way , ' enrique said , ' look at the goals he scored for ajax and liverpool . he is very strong and finishes so well . but it was n't just about luis suarez tonight . we were superb in defence , midfield and attack . '