furious blackpool supporters pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at bloomfield road with a flare , a smoke bomb , fireworks and eggs before their game with reading . the bottom-of-the-table seasiders ' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham 's victory over brighton on monday , a result that condemned them to the third tier with six games of their season still to spare , and supporters vented their frustration prior to tuesday 's game . chairman karl oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the west stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner before the directors ' box windows were targeted with eggs . video scroll down to watch a flare being thrown at blackpool 's club reception . blackpool fans gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against the oyston family . blackpool 's main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before their game with reading . the seasiders ' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club . the blackpool gazette were scathing in their assessment of the club 's relegation to the third tier . a fan walks out of a fish and chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . disgruntled fans chanted ' oyston out ' and ' we 're relegated because of your greed ' before a flare , a smoke bomb and fireworks were thrown into the cordoned-off area in front of the main entrance . stewards and police were present but the protests did not spill over into violence . blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw but manager lee clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans . some of those fans did not even enter the ground and missed a contest short on incident , with grant hall 's own goal 20 seconds after the restart earning the royals a point following jamie o'hara 's opening goal for the hosts from the penalty spot . clark acknowledged that a ' horrendous season ' had contributed to the swathes of empty seats at recent home matches but is hopeful of winning back those disillusioned fans by rebuilding his squad over the summer . ' we 're down a level and that 's going to be hard , ' he said of getting fans back through the turnstiles at bloomfield road . ' we 've obviously had a horrendous season to put up with , but if we do it right with our recruitment process over the summer , we do things in the right way and get the right type of players in - then they can come and watch us over the pre-season and see a new group of players that they can get excited about that we can get them back on to the seats . ' the only way we can do that is by getting a group together that 's going to give us a fighting chance to get back up and we hit the ground running at the start of the season . ' broken eggs lie on the ground outside bloomfield road after a protest from blackpool fans . blackpool owner owen oyston watches on with a tartan blanket for company in the directors ' box . chairman karl watches lee clark 's team alongside his son george ( second from right ) .