northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when george north will next play after confirming the wales wing will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne after his latest head injury . north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last friday 's 52-30 win over wasps , and was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist . ' we wo n't play him at the weekend , ' saints director of rugby jim mallinder said . george north lies motionless on the franklin 's gardens turf after being knocked out against wasps . ' clearly he had a nasty knock . he did get knocked unconscious for a very short period of time . thankfully he was well looked after , he came round very quickly and has had no real bad adverse after-effects . but even so , we wo n't play him this weekend . ' he 's making good progress . he 's improving and down there at the moment going to see a neurologist and we 'll wait to see what the experts say . ' we 've got to make sure the medical experts are happy and satisfied that he is fit to return to play and as soon as they say he is , then we 'll be happy to pick him again . ' north left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in saints ' win , with wasps forward nathan hughes sent off for dangerous play as the wales wing touched down . hughes protested his innocence but on tuesday was banned for three weeks . north also suffered blows to the head on wales duty in the autumn and during the rbs 6 nations when twice he had head knocks in the opener against england , controversially continuing before being stood down for the scotland clash . former world rugby medical adviser dr barry o'driscoll says north - the top try-scorer in the competition with seven this season - should not play again this term . nathan hughes arrives late as north touches down - moments later his leg connected with the wing 's head . mallinder is not unduly concerned but will await medical opinion . ' there 's been lots of opinion over the last few days in particular , ' mallinder said . ' we 've got to be careful that we do n't blow anything out of proportion . ' it 's a tough game . george has said that himself . people who play the game understand that there are inherent dangers , i suppose , of playing . ' we 're always going to have incidents but player welfare will always come first . we will make sure we follow all protocols . ' north might have been eligible for saturday 's match , had he passed the return to play concussion protocols . mallinder added : ' if it was his first one ( concussion ) then we would be considering him , if he passed all the protocols that he had to and was available . ' seeing as it 's not his first then it 's the sensible thing to take specialist opinion . ' mallinder was reluctant to comment on hughes ' three-week ban - a punishment which left his wasps team-mate james haskell to tweet ' astounded would be an understatement ' - but insisted he did not want to see the incident repeated . the welshman receives medical treatment on the pitch before being taken off on a stretcher . mallinder said : ' i said at the time i think it was a red card offence . i still do . the disciplinary process has taken place and that 's what he 's got . ' you 've got to be very , very careful . george north scored a try and therefore there was n't much anybody could do about that . ' you 've got to make as much effort as you can to get away from that incident . we do n't want that happening again . ' the english champions will , without north , bid to end clermont 's 22-game unbeaten run in european competition at stade marcel-michelin . two previous meetings have been won by the frenchmen , who have never lost a home quarter-final in the competition . mallinder said : ' it is going to be a massive challenge but we have had a few of these challenges over the years . ' i know when we have got a big game because you see in training when the intensity goes up . ' we have got a lot of players used to playing in big games . we are looking forward to it . ' north is congratulated after scoring the first of his two tries against wasps on friday night .