the parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered the same treatment as ashya king , one of his doctors has said . clinicians are in an ‘ impossible situation’ as a result of the king family’s flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the uk . doctors and nurses who treated ashya king have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a bbc documentary . scroll down for video . clinicians in an ‘ impossible situation’ as a result of king family’s flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors . ashya was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year . they ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy , ultimately paid for by the nhs trust after he left the uk . paediatric intensive care consultant dr peter wilson told the documentary : ‘ it does put clinicians in an impossible position because we now have to try to explain to families why one child ... is getting a form of treatment , why they can’t and they’ve got the same tumour . 'that’s deeply unfair when the nhs is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all . ’ after fleeing the uk , the kings were arrested in spain and spent several nights in custody after an international arrest warrant was issued against them . ashya was made a ward of court by portsmouth council before a national outcry led to their release . his parents brett , 51 , and naghmeh , 46 , wanted him to have cutting-edge proton beam therapy instead which is thought to be less harmful . because it is so highly targeted they claimed it could avoid healthy tissue , particularly tissues and organs behind the tumour . the family then went to prague for proton beam therapy , and now say there is ' no evidence ' of a tumour . a high court judge approved the move to take ashya to prague for proton beam therapy . the nhs later agreed to fund ashya’s treatment in prague . in march , four months after the proton treatment ended , brett king told a national newspaper a recent scan showed ‘ no evidence’ of the tumour . but cancer experts have told the bbc although it appears ashya is in remission it is far too early to say he has been completely cured . speaking to the documentary , staff at the hospital said they had been viciously attacked in the wake of the story . dr wilson said : ‘ as soon as the story broke , and it became a story of a hospital who was chasing down a family , we were inundated . paediatric intensive care consultant dr peter wilson said it was ' deeply unfair when the nhs is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all’ that he had to say no to parents wanting proton beam therapy for their children . ‘ at one stage , especially on the monday , our switchboard was basically shut because of the number of phone calls we were receiving ; the number of messages that were left ... vitriolic messages for everybody . ‘ the overwhelming sentiment was one of just an absolute outpouring of hatred . one of the letters said they wished my children got cancer and died . ’ paediatric oncology consultant dr ramya ramanujachar , also involved in ashya’s treatment , warned the case could set a worrying precedent . she said : ‘ i don’t think the parents can look after their own child with a brain tumour and be not only the carers but also the professionals directing , managing and dictating their child’s treatment . ’ 