scientists have discovered an achilles’ heel of prostate ( pictured ) cancer that could lead to better treatment for many men diagnosed with the disease . british scientists have discovered an ‘achilles’ heel’ in prostate cancer which could lead to better treatments . the disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk , with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body . the latest study gets to the root of this spread , and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness . scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men . reading the dna revealed details of how the cancer metastasises , or spreads , allowing them to build a ‘ family tree’ of how the disease changes over time . it seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are . however , a small number have the ability to travel through the body , creating new tumours as they go . these cells are the ‘root’ of the cancer and for a treatment to work , they should be destroyed . in future , doctors may be able to find these key cells in individual patients . they could then be given drugs to wipe them out , with each patient’s treatment tailored to the genetic flaw at the root of their cancer . this should kill the new tumours and prevent more from forming , greatly improving odds of survival . cambridge university researcher professor david neal said some suitable drugs already exist , and that new ones are being developed all the time . however , he cautioned that it will be three to five years before the latest knowledge can be routinely put to use in the nhs . lead study author professor ros eeles , from the institute of cancer research in london , said : ‘ we gained a much broader view of prostate cancer by studying both the original cancer and the cells that had spread to other parts of the body . ‘ we found that all of the cells that had broken free shared a common ancestor cell in the prostate . ‘ the common faults we found in each man could potentially offer new targets for treatment . ’ co-author dr ultan mcdermott , from the wellcome trust sanger institute in cambridgeshire , described the finding as a ‘ potential achilles’ heel’ . professor peter johnson , chief clinician at cancer research uk , said : ‘ this research lets us look right into the molecular core of cancer . ’ samples were taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with the disease ( pictured ) . reading the dna revealed details of how the cancer metastasises - or spreads - allowing scientists to understand how the disease changes over time .