nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern , the winding track of murodo looks like track that could be on mario kart . however this steep-walled phenomena is located in japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year . the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . walled wonder ! the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls . the murodo-daira area of tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by july . the impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years . an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year . it is hoped the march 14 opening of the sightseeing route operator hokuriku shinkansen line , which connects toyama station with tokyo station , will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark . the snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of murodo in japan from april under it melts in the summer . the whole 37km route will be open until november but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer . sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as kurobe dam , hot springs and the hida mountains . one of the most popular activities is to ascend the 9891ft high summit of mount tateyama , one of japan 's highest peaks . today tourists followed to photograph the walls . over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year . it is hoped that numbers can rise again to reach one million with the help of the sightseeing route operator hokuriku shinkansen line opening last month . the sun shone as coaches of tourists flocked today for the opening of the short section . there are many views along the picturesque route include one of japan 's highest peak , the 9891ft high summit of mount tateyama . snowy school trip ! 200 japanese schoolgirls climb the ascent to the top of mount tateyama . other noteworthy sights along the alpine route include kurobe dam , hot springs and the hida mountains .