a bereaved mother stopped her ex-husband from attending their son 's funeral by lying and arranging it in secret , a court heard . cathleen hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections , including from her former spouse , to her son being cremated after his death . as a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of paul moreland in december 2010 after it happened without his father 's knowledge , jurors heard . hackney , 56 , is said to have deliberately ' pressed ahead ' with her plans , despite knowing her ex , paul barber , would have objected . cathleen hackney , 56 , is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court , pictured , in relation to the cremation of her son . deborah gould , prosecuting , opened the case against hackney for jurors on the first day of her trial at stoke-on-trent crown court . ' this is an unusual and very sad case which involves the cremations act 1902 , ' she said . ' in a nutshell , the crown 's case is that the defendant told two different funeral directors , at two different times , that there were no objections from anyone , including mr barber , to her son being cremated and also signed two forms to the same effect . ' the crown says that the first time she did this she simply did n't know whether mr barber objected to the cremation or not , as she had n't bothered to ask . ' ms gould alleged that by the time hackney signed a second form she knew mr barber objected to any funeral which would involve the disposal of their son 's body , unless he knew the details of where and when it was to take place . but , the court heard , the defendant went ahead with the cremation despite mr barber 's disapproval being made clear to her by his solicitors . hackney , 56 , denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains , and two counts of signing false certificates ahead of her son 's funeral . jurors were told that mr moreland was just 32-years-old when he died in hospital on november 11 , 2010 , from a long-standing health condition . his parents went through an ' acrimonious ' divorce in 1983 , but subsequent contact relating to their son was described in court as being marred by dispute and conflict . hackney , who registered her son 's death , is alleged to have instructed an undertaker on november 12 , that mr barber was to have no involvement with any of the funeral arrangements . by november 15 , the defendant is said to have been adamant that she did not want mr barber to attend the funeral , which was originally set for november 24 . at one point amid mediation involving lawyers , hackney , the crown claims , met an undertaker and signed a form stating that no near relatives were unaware of the proposed cremation . but an undertaker then became ' troubled ' and told hackney he could not continue with the arrangements , leading her to dispense with his services . it is alleged she then went to another funeral firm and signed the second form on december 15 , booking a cremation for her son 's remains on december 20 . during her opening speech , miss gould said of mr moreland 's cremation : ' he was ' slotted in ' early in the morning when people with no relatives are burnt . ' mr barber was not present at his son 's funeral or cremation despite every effort to do so . ' mr barber told the court he found out the cremation had taken place in a phone message left for him by a solicitor . cathleen hackney is alleged to have told harry dawson funeral directors in normacot , pictured , that there were no objections to the cremation . giving evidence from the witness box , he told jurors he learned of the cremation at 1pm on december 20 . mr barber was then advised by a lawyer that he could seek a court order to stop his son 's ashes being disposed of in his absence . ' he ( the solicitor ) applied for it but did n't get it through quickly enough , ' mr barber told the court . mr barber contacted police shortly afterwards but hackney was not interviewed until last december , when she asserted that he knew she intended to cremate her son and had not objected . funeral director wayne packman also gave evidence to the trial . he said he had suggested the possible solution of having two separate services on different days for hackney and mr barber in stafford and stoke-on-trent respectively . but hackney of stoke-on-trent then emailed the co-operative funeral service 's contact centre saying she did not want her ex-husband to attend the cremation or to have a separate service . the trial was adjourned until tomorrow .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .