nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including faster methods of propulsion . other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space . and one of the companies in the 12 next space technologies for exploration partnerships ( nextstep ) says they have an engine that could get humans to mars in just 39 days . scroll down for video . nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including a faster method of propulsion known as vasimr ( illustrated ) , which could apparently get to mars in a matter of weeks , not months . the vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the ad astra rocket company in texas . their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to mars from months to weeks - although it may require a nuclear power source . and following the successful test of a prototype in 2013 , it seems nasa is now considering it for use on a future mission to mars . short for variable specific impulse magnetoplasma rocket , vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . the magnetic field also insulates nearby structures so exhaust temperatures well beyond the melting point of materials can be achieved . in rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . plasma rockets feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low . ‘ we are thrilled by this announcement and proud to be joining forces with nasa in the final steps of the technology maturation , ’ said dr franklin chang diaz , ad astra’s chairman and ceo , in a statement . ‘ we look forward to a very successful partnership as we jointly advance the technology to flight readiness . ’ over three years , nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ( $ 10 million ) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space . this will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype , the vx-200-ss , which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100 hours . a previous test in 2013 saw ad astra complete 10,000 successful high power firings of a vasimr prototype . however , this involved short duration bursts for less than a minute . proving the engine works for more than 100 hours will be key to it one day being used on a spacecraft . the vasimr engine is seen here being tested . short for variable specific impulse magnetoplasma rocket , vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . in rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . plasma rockets like vasimr ( illustrated ) feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low . the vasimr engine could be part of the entire spacecraft that will ultimately take astronauts to mars . the rocket that will send them on their way will be the space launch system , illustrated , which will complete an unmanned flight in 2019 - and it will have room for some secondary payloads to go to deep space . owing to the orbits of earth and mars , there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . our planets come as close to each other as 33.9 million miles ( 54.6 million km ) , but can be as distant as 250 million miles ( 400 million km ) . for this reason spacecraft to mars , such as the curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . the next window is open from january 2016 to april 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . for a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in another . just getting there will take up to nine months . the astronauts will then be there waiting for a year until they can come back , again taking up to nine months - a total of around three years . whether an engine such as vasimr could shorten the time it would take to cover the distance , though , remains to be seen . with this and other technologies , nasa said in a statement they want to develop exploration capabilities around the moon , and at mars . ‘ commercial partners were selected for their technical ability to mature key technologies and their commitment to the potential applications both for government and private sector uses , ’ said william gerstenmaier , associate administrator for human exploration and operations at nasa headquarters . ‘ this work ultimately will inform the strategy to move human presence further into the solar system . ’ three advanced electric propulsion projects , including vasimr , will develop engines that operate in the 50 to 300 kilowatt range . by comparison , current electric propulsion used by nasa - such as the ion engine on the dawn spacecraft - operates at less than five kilowatts . meanwhile , seven companies have been picked to work on the habitats that will house astronauts as they make their way to mars in the 2030s . while the orion capsule will take astronauts to and from earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days . to make the journey to mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure . nasa will be hoping one of the projects it is funding will find a way to house the astronauts for the grueling journey to and from the red planet . while the orion capsule ( shown after test flight in december 2014 ) will take astronauts to and from earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days . to make the journey to mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure . previously , boeing outlined the six steps needed to land and return on mars ( illustrated ) . two are already in production - the orion spacecraft and sls rocket . the other four things needed are a large ' tug ' spacecraft , a habitat , lander and an ascent vehicle - all of which nasa is hoping to develop in the next decade or so . nasa is also asking companies to development capabilities to sustain a crew of four for 60 days in cis-lunar space - between earth and the moon - with the ability to scale up to mars missions . the companies selected include bigelow aerospace , who are creating an inflatable habitation module - a prototype of which will be attached to the iss in 2018 . and finally , two companies have been selected to develop small satellites - cubesats - to launch as secondary paylods on the first flight of nasa’s huge space launch system rocket in 2019 . as the rocket is so powerful , it will give these cubesats a rare opportunity to explore deep space , as opposed to remaining in earth orbit . two companies have also been selected to develop small satellites - cubesats - to launch as secondary paylods on the first flight of nasa’s huge space launch system rocket in 2019 . it will give these cubesats a rare opportunity to explore deep space , as opposed to remaining in earth orbit ( illustration shown ) .