gary ross dahl , the creator of the wildly popular and bizarre 1970s fad the pet rock , has died aged 78 in southern oregon . mr dahl 's wife , marguerite dahl , confirmed on tuesday that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . his rocks , which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 , came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ' care and feeding ' and made him a millionaire . gary dahl , the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the pet rock , has died at age 78 in southern oregon . mr dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $ 4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market . in later years , given his success with the pet rock , he authored the self help book advertising for dummies . although its popularity was short-lived , the pet rock was no more than a standard rock packaged around an amusing marketing strategy . to this day his creation divides opinion among those who look back on it with contempt , and those who admire his ability to sell it . born december 18 , 1936 , in bottineau , north dakota , dahl was raised in spokane , washington . in 1975 , he was a los gatos , california , advertising executive when he came up with the pet rock idea . the rock - which was simply a common everyday stone - came with a manual which , tongue in cheek , detailed how the owner should take care of it . it also stated how its owners should make it feel comfortable in its new home , how to train it and how it can be used to attack ' adversaries ' . the new york times reported he was later sued by investors after they claimed they received too small a share of the profits and he was forced to pay a six-figure sum . his later inventions included the original sand breeding kit and red china dirt . however , these failed to take off . gary dahl 's pet rock came with a manual which , tongue in cheek , detailed how the owner should take care of it . in 2000 , he was a grand prize winner in the bulwer-lytton fiction contest for dreadful prose . his winning entry read : ' the heather-encrusted headlands , veiled in fog as thick as smoke in a crowded pub , hunched precariously over the moors , their rocky elbows slipping off land 's end , their bulbous , craggy noses thrust into the thick foam of the north sea like bearded old men falling asleep in their pints . ' he and his wife retired and moved to jacksonville in 2006 . the pet rock craze ' was great fun when it happened , ' his wife recalled in a telephone interview . over time , however , ' people would come to him with weird ideas , expecting him to do for them what he had done for himself . and a lot of times they were really , really stupid ideas . ' by 1988 , dahl said he had avoided interviews for years because of what he called ' a bunch of wackos ' appearing out of nowhere with threats and lawsuits . of the little rock that became a household name , he said , ' sometimes i look back and wonder if my life would n't have been simpler if i had n't done it . ' mr dahl designed and built the carry nations saloon in los gatos , his wife said . in addition to his wife , he is survived by a sister , candace dahl of spokane ; daughters chris nunez and samantha leighton ; son eric dahl ; stepdaughter vicki pershing and grandchildren . mr dahl and his wife were avid sailors on san francisco bay , where she plans to sprinkle his ashes in may .