punched , elbowed , apparently bitten . just another night for an atletico madrid striker . yet this was not diego costa circa 2010 to 2014 . this was mario mandzukic involved in bust-up after bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against great rivals real madrid at the vicente calderon . when atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 , diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter . not for long , however . just nine days later , he bought mandzukic from bayern munich , and the croatia international looked every bit as aggressive on tuesday night . blood pours from mario mandzukic 's face during the champions league quarter-final first leg in madrid . sergio ramos and atletico madrid striker mandzukic continually clashed on tuesday night during the tie . mandzukic proved he is a warrior with his performance against real madrid , just as diego costa was . costa gives john terry , who is now his chelsea team-mate , a stern look during a champions league tie . nobody elbowed their way to the top quite like costa – from the streets of brazil , to spain , to england – and the same went for mandzukic in the champions league quarter-final first leg . the 28-year-old came to blows with defenders sergio ramos and dani carvajal – drawing blood after an elbow to the face from the former , while receiving a punch , and possibly a bite , from the latter . itv pundit paul scholes said mandzukic ' made a meal of things ' yet the evidence was there for all to see , pouring down his face . round two awaits at the bernabeu next week . yet mandzukic was as culpable as he was the victim . he committed seven fouls , compared to 11 in total by real madrid , and it was more than any player has managed in a champions league game against the winners of la decima before . the long-ball tactic by atletico was not working , nor did mandzukic have enough pace to beat a defence boasting raphael varane . he had zero shots on or off target , completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes , and lacked the pace and darting runs costa delivers . yet this was about playing rough , rather than scoring goals , and he played the role of warrior to perfection . so much so that simeone – albeit riskily – substituted his partner , antoine griezmann , after 77 minutes instead of the man on thin ice . mandzukic clashed with dani carvajal during the quarter-final first leg and played rough all night . mandzukic 's heat map , who had zero shots on or off target , and completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes . mandzukic , despite failing to conjure a chance on tuesday night , is a natural striker . his cv includes dinamo zagreb , wolfsburg and bayern munich , and he was imposing at every club . fifty-six goals in 132 appearances in croatia 's prva hnl . fifty-three in 110 in germany 's bundesliga . all that added to simeone feeling mandzukic was next in line at a forward-thinking club that have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades . no sooner had fernando torres left in 2007 for liverpool , for example , than el nino was replaced . sergio aguero turned up , alongside diego forlan , and torres was old news . aguero was deemed irreplaceable , until those in madrid were introduced to radamel falcao the same year kun left . then , when falcao left for monaco in 2013 , it was costa 's turn , and so on . sergio aguero signed for atletico in 2006 and scored 74 goals in 175 appearances in la liga in five years . radamel falcao kept up an impressive 0.76 goals-to-game ratio during his time with atletico from 2011 . jimmy floyd hasselbaink proved a great striker for atletico as the club produce top forwards continually . no sooner had fernando torres left in 2007 for liverpool than el nino was replaced at vicente caldero . mandzukic 's tattoo on his lower back was on show , and it read : ' what does n't kill you makes you stronger . ' trouble for the striker is his ink – written in hebrew – is backwards and has grammatical mistakes so makes no sense !  the spanish club do n't fret losing a striker . they regroup , consider it a temporary inconvenience , and buy a replacement . they have been doing so ever since jimmy floyd hasselbaink in 1999 , and christian vieri the year before , and even further still . it 's the atletico way . it is not unlike what has happened with goalkeepers at the club . david de gea left in 2011 and was replaced by thibaut courtois , only for the previously-anonymous jan oblak to take over this year . much like their record with strikers , it looks inspired , as the 22-year-old who cost €16million ( £11.5m ) thwarted gareth bale , cristiano ronaldo and james rodriguez almost single-handedly . and so when simeone lost costa to chelsea , he signed antoine griezmann and mandzukic . and if the latter 's showing against real is anything to go by , then the atletico manager bought just about the closest thing he could find to replace the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer . mandzukic and ramos exchange words during a heated battle between the madrid rivals on tuesday night . mandzukic shows off his battle wounds during the match between the two great madrid rivals .