while many tattoos hold a certain symbolism to their bearer , the design chosen by someone getting their first ink at the age of 80 must have an incredibly special meaning . abc2 's new show , tattoo tales , follows the journey of some of the customers of bondi ink , a busy tattoo parlour on sydney 's eastern beaches , including jan bearman , who was prompted by the death of her beloved daughter to make a decision that took the rest of her family and friends by surprise . ' before i lost my darling shell i would n't have dreamed of having a tattoo . but when something like that happens you 're left grasping at straws . there 's a hole left in your life and all you can do is say your prayers , ' jan told daily mail australia . for the past three years , jan bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell , who died of complications from diabetes in . jan 's daughter shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes . ' there were reminders of her all around me , and i decided to get a reminder of her on me , ' jan , now 83 , said . when shelley , who was fondly nicknamed shell , died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications of the diabetes she had lived with for nearly all her life , two of jan 's granddaughters and shell 's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her . ' and then i just could n't think of a reason to not get one , ' jan said . ' shell was just such a gorgeous girl . it 's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that 's never filled again . you do these things as a memorial , to carry [ her ] with you , ' she said . jan said that when she announced her decision to her family , they were quite surprised but supportive the unexpected move from the now 83-year-old . ' i think they were a bit surprised but they did n't say `` do n't do it '' , they said `` go ahead if it will make you feel better '' , ' she said . ' i tried to con my other daughter into getting one too but she was n't having any of it . ' soon after the decision had been made , jan was spending the day with one of shell 's daughters , when they passed bondi ink . ' shell was just such a gorgeous girl , ' said jan ( left ) of her eldest daughter , with her other daughter lisa ( right ) . jan getting her third tattoo , a shell , by tattoo artist shaun ' bones ' from bondi ink . jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her . ' she popped in and asked if they had a spare moment to chat about getting a tattoo . they asked her `` oh , are you thinking of getting one '' , and she said `` no , it 's for my grandmother '' , ' jan said . ' the man at the counter said `` that 's gold '' , and it went from there , ' she said . for her 80th birthday , jan had shell 's name inked on her upper arm near her shoulder , along with a cross , and said that she was surprised at how painless it was . ' i was surprised to be honest . i do n't know if i 'm a bit tough , but it certainly was n't unbearable , ' jan said . ' there are parts of the body that are easier , and one of those is the arm , which is where i got mine , ' she said . the now-83-year-old was n't done with just the one tattoo , and continued coming back to the studio each year for another tattoo to commemorate her daughter , tattooing the initials of her three children above the cross on her second run . in the second episode of tattoo tales , jan gets her third tattoo- a beautiful coloured shell below her daughter 's name . ' nobody sees it but me , it 's just my family who knows and the friends i 've mentioned it to , ' jan said . jan got a shell as her third tattoo , in memory of her daughter shelley , who was nicknamed shell . ' i do n't know if i 'm a bit tough , but [ the pain ] certainly was n't unbearable , ' jan said of her experience in the chair . jan with her daughter and granddaughters at one of their ' girls lunches ' in sydney . ' shell did n't have any tattoos but i 'd like to think she 'd have a smile to herself if she saw them on me , ' she said . jan said that she used to not be a fan of tattoos , but that now she does n't assume that people are different simply because they are inked . ' i 'd be a hypocrite if i did . i do n't hold anything different against them , although i do worry when i see young girls with tattoos all over them that they 'll go through life and get older and be sorry they got so many , ' she said . jan is unsure whether she will continue to go back for more tattoos on her birthday as has become the tradition . the owner of bondi ink , john , said that this year 's tattoo was his ' birthday present ' to jan , and insisted she come back for her gift next year . ' he always gives me a big hug , and says `` see you next year '' , ' she said . jan said that the restaurant where she has her birthday lunch each year is right across the road from bondi ink , which may prove tempting . ' i think i 've done my dash . the birthday lunch get-togethers are always so nice though , so maybe i will get another one later , ' she said . jan features in episode two of tattoo tales which airs on abc2 on wednesday april 9 at 9.40pm . episode two of tattoo tales airs on abc2 on wednesday april 9 at 9.40pm .