why would you spend your holiday at another nondescript hotel , when you could have your own island , and stay in a 19th century lighthouse , all for the same price as a b & b . the impressive ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france , and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate secluded retreat . groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 ( £145/ $ 215 ) for two nights . scroll down for video . ile louët is set 1148 ft from the shore in brittany and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just £145 . enjoy spectacular views of the morlaix bay from the island that used to guide safety through the bay . the quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of €200 ( £145 ) for two nights . suitable for adventurers only , guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers , who had to manually guide boats through the waters on the carantec coast . from 1857 to the 1960s this was done by person , and the island was inhabited until this point by the families of the guiders . the neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home , and guests can journey to the haven for a few days of relaxation in the powder-blue lodging . but the property is only suitable for those who are happy to be cut off from the world , and who want to rely on being ferried over by a local sailor , for the return trip sum of €100 ( £70 ) . the secluded island has to be reached by boat , and you can hire a local sailor to transport you and your guests for the return trip sum of €100 ( £70 ) . the lighthouse keeper 's cottage has a patio area , perfect for enjoying a sunset bbq overlooking the bay . the lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families would inhabit the island with the lighthouse keeper . despite lacking a high-tech interior , the lighthouse cottage offers spectacular views over the bay and guests can enjoy sunsets whilst having a bbq on the cottage patio while listening the waves crash against the rocks . while the retreat sounds idyllic , guests will have to sacrifice some home comforts . the outcrop has no hot running water , and a chilly night run to the toilet awaits , as the outbuilding has been converted into a bathroom . what the bathroom lacks in facilities , however , it gains in breathtaking views . the lighthouse island is so popular that it is fully booked for 2015 , but enquiries for 2016 can be made by emailing carantec @ tourisme.morlaix.fr . the cottage is adorned with powder-blue shutters and has an outbuilding bathroom . bit chilly ! an old pigsty was converted to be a new bathroom , which is separate from the house . guests are left on the island and have to arrange their own means of transport . the lighthouse island is so popular that it is fully booked for 2015 , but enquiries for 2016 can be made . 