ukip ' hates modern britain ' and is infected with the ' virus of racism ' , rising labour star chuka umunna has claimed . the shadow business secretary said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ' fully black ' and ' half black ' ukip supporters . mr umunna 's remarks come after mr farage dragged into a fresh racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency . scroll down for video . shadow business secretary chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ' fully black ' and ' half black ' ukip supporters . the row started after a group of far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs on friday evening . they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league , and enjoyed the protection of ukip 's security teams , which encircled the broadstairs pavilion . mr field , who has a criminal record for assault , drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for mr farage 's arrival . the ukip leader moved to disown the far-right campaigners , saying : ' members of an extremist group today arrived at a ukip public meeting at the same time as a mail on sunday camera arrives . ' but labour 's mr umunna , whose father was born in nigeria , accused ukip of whipping up 'anti-immigration sentiment ' . mr umunna said : ' the likes of ukip do n't like what modern britain is . they claim to love britain , but they hate modern britain . if i 'm wrong about that why do we see a stream of invective directed at different groups in society from their candidates and their members ? ' there is a virus of racism which runs through that party which they 've failed to deal with , and i 'm not surprised given their leader does n't see the need for equalities legislation that we have in britain today and that we 're very proud of . ' ukip leader nigel farage , stopping for a pint in ramsgate , kent , was accused of having a ' problem with race ' . gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league ( pictured in the white hat ) turned up to campaign for ukip in south thanet constituency last week . last week , mr farage defended ukip 's manifesto , which featured only one ethnic-minority person , saying the party had one spokesman who was ' fully black ' and another who was ' half black ' . responding to these remarks , mr umunna said : ' i just think the guy 's got a problem with race . i 'm just saying what i think . ' as a party they 've got a problem with race . and i do n't think you can kick out racism from their party unless you have got a leadership which understands it and understands race in modern britain . ' i have no truck with this notion that immigrants are to blame for all of the country 's problems . we saw people do that to black and asian people like my father in the sixties and seventies , and now the group they 're trying to blame for all their problems are eastern europeans . '