virgin galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year , according to the company’s chief executive . its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert in october 2014 . the company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works ‘better’ . scroll down for video . chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft ( shown in construction ) is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured . the comments were made by chief executive george whitesides at the annual space symposium in colorado springs , reported the financial times . ‘ the first message that i wanted to communicate is that we are moving forward well , ’ mr whitesides told the audience . ‘ the team is doing great and has turned a corner - that is the second spaceship . ’ ticket cost : the starting price for flights is £150,000 ( $ 250,000 ) . the first will be by richard branson and his family . training : passengers are required to go through a 'pre-flight experience programme ' , including three days of pre-flight preparing onsite at the spaceport to ensure passengers are physically and mentally fit to fly . once aboard : spaceshiptwo will carry six passengers and two pilots . each passenger gets the same seating position with two large windows - one to the side and one overhead . flight path : a climb to 50,000ft ( 15,000 metres ) before the rocket engine ignites and spaceshiptwo separates from its carrier aircraft , white knight ii . passengers become ' astronauts ' when they reach the karman line 62 miles ( 100km ) up . virgin galactic has not named this vehicle yet . the first was called sw12 8qyvss enterprise . construction on the spacecraft began in 2012 , as virgin galactic always planned to have more than one craft . ' assembly of spaceshiptwo serial 2 is now 75 per cent complete , and we are on track to start the vehicle’s test program this year , ' a spokesperson from the company told mailonline . ' this programme includes both ground and flight tests , the exact timing of which will be dictated by safety and readiness rather than deadlines . ' the previous spaceshiptwo was destroyed on 31 october 2014 when co-pilot michael alsbury accidentally pulled a lever that activated the craft’s ‘ feathering system’ . this is used to help the vehicle slow down and return from space - but deploying it at the wrong moment caused the spacecraft to disintegrate . alsbury was killed in the resultant crash , while pilot peter siebold was seriously injured - but somehow survived when he was thrown clear of the cockpit in his seat . while the fault appears to have been down to human error - and not a mechanical fault - the national transportation safety board is yet to publish its report on the crash . the first spaceshiptwo spacecraft , vss enterprise ( pictured ) , was destroyed when co-pilot michael alsbury accidentally pulled a level that activated the craft’s ‘ feathering system’ at high speeds . deploying it at the wrong moment caused the spacecraft to disintegrate . ‘ the team is doing great and has turned a corner - that is the second spaceship , ' said chief executive george whitesides , left . richard branson , right , has previously spoken of his desire to push forward . while the crash of vss enterprise ( shown ) appears to have been down to human error - and not mechanical - the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) is yet to publish its report . debris was scattered across the mojave desert following the crash . although alsbury was killed , siebold was able to somehow survive when his seat was thrown clear of the disintegrating cockpit . one issue is that spacecraft are normally required to be capable of handling two errors . but in this case only one - the pulling of the lever - was enough to cause a catastrophic failure . mr whitesides was confident , though , that the company could overcome the disaster . ‘ i think , ultimately , we will have a better spaceship for it , ’ he said , adding that they still had ‘ roughly 700 [ customers ] who are eager to fly . ’ celebrities among the 700 who have tickets include ashton kutcher ( left ) and leonardo dicaprio ( right ) . while spaceshiptwo was destroyed , the white knight ii plane carrying it - shown - remained intact , and will likely be used again for the successor .