awash with a sea of colour , sounds and smells , a stunning water carnival has exploded into life in china . the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . riot of colour : the water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . superstition : people travel from nearby towns to join the net boat fair . other water temple fairs are held around chinese new year . fishermen from the area take their boats out for show , hoping for good fortune and blessing . extravagance : an aerial view of the 2015 china jiangnan net boat fair which commemorates an ancient hero . starting on different dates in the western calendar , the fair happens annually according to the chinese lunar calendar . this year , it began yesterday and the celebrations are expected to last three to seven days , with festivities sometimes being extended to a month long . one of the highlights of the carnival is the net boat fair which showcases the unique culture of jiangnan water people . one of the most anticipated performances is the ' tie the perfume to your skin ' which sees performers attach metal hooks to their forearms . on the other side of the hook hangs a censer containing incense or sometimes even heavy anchors with flowers in them to mask the natural smell of the fishing town . locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . the traditional local folklore carnival pays homage to liu chengzhong , a figure who led people in annihilating locusts in the yuan dynasty . tradition : fishermen and their families dress up in traditional clothes . about 50 different folklore groups and nearly two thousand people will be joining the celebrations . it will be the biggest net boat fair in 60 years . the fair commemorates general lui chengzhong , a hero in the yuan dynasty ( 1279-1368 ) , who successfully eliminated pests during a massive drought . when the yuan dynasty came to an end , general lui killed himself by jumping in the river as an act of loyalty to the yuan emperor . the locals built the lui king temple for him and celebrated his heroic acts . mr li , one of the participants , told jia xing ping dao : ' i am the sixth generation to come to this temple fair . ' my great-grandfather once said the celebrations were even more extravagant than what we have now . ' we want to pray for safety and for the gods to give us proper weather next year . ' music and beats : little drums are used to scare away angry spirits . this event was listed as one of the intangible cultural heritage in china in 2011 , along with chinese abacus , an ancient calculator . cultural heritage : fishermen prepare shrine offerings , including food , wine , pork , fruit and snacks . an elaborate ritual will be performed on the boats to give thanks to the gods and the ancestors . the net boat fair has already been included in the list of chinese intangible cultural heritage . one of the most important agenda this year is giving out the ' folklore religion activity ' certificate to the liu king temple . jiangnan mayor liang bokai sauid : ' this marks the first certificate of its kind . it is a massive step for the preservation , promotion and legacy of this folklore religion in the liu king temple . ' we will further promote our local customs and culture and combine it with tourism in order to put out a new image . ' jiangnan folklore : ' stepping on whites boats ' is a custom for fishermen . their boats are known to be very unstable because of the exceptionally long frame . fishermen remodel the boats with a wooden see-saw in the middle . two people stands on the edge of both sides and jump to make the boat go forward . tourism : it is a very popular tourist attraction as well . vendors and shopkeepers appeal their products to passers-by , participants gather for pictures and others pray for blessings . 