australia coach darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during sunday’s world cup final win over new zealand . wicketkeeper brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill , and a photograph of haddin and all-rounder james faulkner mocking grant elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australian’s fifth world cup triumph . brad haddin clapped in martin guptill 's face after the new zealand batsman was bowled during the final . but lehmann insisted haddin was following team orders . and he was able to cite the icc’s failure to censure his team as evidence that they hadn’t gone over the top . ‘he’s copped a bit , hasn’t he ? ’ lehmann said . ‘ no one got reported out of the game , so we must have played it fair . it was a little bit disappointing , but people are entitled to their opinions and you’re going to have good and bad times . you accept that and you move on . ‘we’re happy with the way we played , obviously . we knew we wanted to be really aggressive against them , and look , sometimes it works , sometimes it doesn’t . ’ grant elliott ( left ) was also given a less-than-sporting send-off by haddin and james faulkner ( second right ) . boorish behaviour on sunday cast a shadow over the australian’s fifth world cup triumph . but sportsmail’s david lloyd , who is part of the icc’s umpire selection panel , has added his voice to the chorus of criticism aimed at the australians . ‘ i was very disappointed at some of the behaviour in cricket’s showpiece event , particularly from the australians , ’ he said . ‘ watching it on my tv , and as a president of a local league , i know what will happen : this will be repeated in leagues across the land , because the players will think it’s macho . it’s not . ’ meanwhile , icc president mustafa kamal has resigned after falling out with his colleagues . kamal , a bangladeshi , had labelled the icc the ‘ indian cricket council’ after his side’s quarter-final loss to india was marred by questionable umpiring , and was barred from presenting the trophy at the mcg on sunday .