holland manager guus hiddink has slammed his own supporters for booing andres iniesta during his side 's 2-0 victory against spain on tuesday night and branded them a ' disgrace ' . spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side at the amsterdam arena with iniesta , who started on the bench , entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans . centre back stefan de vrij and midfielder davy klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory , but hiddink was unimpressed with the way iniesta was treated . spain midfielder andres iniesta controls the ball during his side 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday night . ' it 's a disgrace , ' said hiddink . ' he 's a world class player and a wonderful person . at first i did n't notice it was about him . was it because of his goal against the netherlands in 2010 ? ' it 's unbelievable , this is about sport . what was he supposed to do ? i ca n't understand this . ' tuesday night 's friendly win was a much-needed boost for hiddink who has endured a tough start to his second stint as national coach . holland boss guus hiddink slammed the home fans for booing iniesta after his arrival in the 76th minute . in the seven matches leading up to the victory against spain , his team had beaten only kazakhstan and latvia in european qualifiers and lost to italy , the czech republic , iceland and mexico in qualifiers and friendlies . ' i do n't have the feeling that there is pressure on my shoulders , ' hiddink added . ' i do n't want to fight against the media any more , i just want to stay focused on football . there are always stories in the press . stefan de vrij ( second from left ) heads past spain goalkeeper david de gea to make it 1-0 . davy klaassen doubles holland 's advantage after seeing his initial effort saved by spain goalkeeper de gea . ' i saw a netherlands squad that had the guts to play football . although we made some mistakes , i thought we were pretty good . ' these mistakes are a good lessons for our players because you ca n't make these against spain . luckily they did n't punish us . kenneth vermeer saved us a few times and i thought daley blind and klaassen played very well . ' 