facebook has admitted it made a mistake when a photo of an alabama boy who was born without a nose was removed from the social media website because it was deemed to be too controversial . the photo of timothy eli thompson that was removed when a pro-life group posted an ad about the infant 's story have since been reinstated . little eli was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . scroll down for video . timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama and his mom put his photo on facebook . facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story . the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake . facebook reversed its decision after public protest , according to yahoo parenting . a facebook spokesperson said : ' the photo in question is not in violation of our advertising policies or our community standards . ' the ad was mistakenly disapproved by a reviewer when it was initially submitted . ' when the advertiser challenged the disapproval , we corrected the error . ' a post about the removal of the photo by eli 's mother brandi mcglathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours , wkrg reported . brandi said : ' i posted the status with a link about it saying no one 's going to keep me from posting photos of my child . ' if i can see completely distasteful things on facebook all day long , then i can post a picture of my son . ' he was everywhere and he broke the internet ! ' a nationwide account has been created at wells fargo for the baby boy . anyone can now walk in and donate . eli 's parents , brandi mcglathery ( left ) and troy thompson ( right ) are raising money for him on gofundme . eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old . doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older . a family friend set up a gofundme page to help eli 's parents pay for his care and there has been a nationwide account created at wells fargo for the baby boy . as a result , anyone would like to can walk into a wells fargo branch and make a donation to eli thompson 's account . brandi wrote : ' he will have to have a tracheoomy & a feeding bag inserted into his stomach , which is also not what i expected . ' i would be so grateful for anything anyone could spare , but if you can not afford to help with money i will be just as appreciative for prayers for my sweet eli . ' he has a long road a head of him & we need all the support we can get . ' doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull when he 's older which will allow him to breathe . after he was born , eli was treated at the usa children 's and women 's hospital in mobile for three weeks . mcglathery , 23 , is diligently tracking the ups and downs of her baby 's progress on the eli 's story facebook page . on april 14 , she wrote : ' our poor baby had lost weight & has a case of granuloma . ' silver nitrate has been ineffective , so we 're trying alternate routes . ' praying they work , otherwise he will undergo a small surgery to remove it . ' eli 's mother is worried about what her son will have to experience as he grows up . ' my biggest fear for eli is that the world wo n't see him as the beautiful , brave little boy that i see him as , ' she wrote . no matter what , the mother-of-three calls him ' the most beautiful boy i 've ever laid eyes on ' . 