the new honda civic which the japanese car firm’s uk factory in swindon will be exporting to the world – including japan and the usa – was unveiled in america tonight . the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show . it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic , supported by a new £200million investment . the ultra-sporty honda civic concept car is presented at the new york international auto show , wednesday . although the dramatic kermit green prototype seen in new york is a three-door version , the swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version around the globe . a honda spokesman said : ‘ with more focus on sporty , fun-to-drive dynamics the new u.s. civic line-up will include civic saloon , coupé and si models , along with the return of the civic five-door hatchback to the u.s. market . ‘ . these will be followed by the launch of a next generation civic type r in the u.s. market , as the ‘ performance flagship’ of the civic line-up . currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at swindon are exported to the continent . but when the factory moves to dedicated civic production next year , about 50 per cent of production will be exported to key markets outside of europe , including japan and now the usa . the swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version of the honda civic around the globe . john mendel , senior vice president , automobile operations of american honda motor co. , introduce the ultra-sporty civic concept car . currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at swindon are exported to the continent . philip crossman , managing director of honda uk said : ’this is significant announcement demonstrates the opportunity available to the swindon operation and reinforces the quality and reliability of the product coming from our uk facility . ’ honda designer guy melville-brown , a who worked on the new civic’s exterior styling said : ‘ this is the first time the civic has been born in america . he promised the new civic will have sporty proportions , with the windshield moved toward the rear , a shorter front overhang and longer rear overhang than the current civic . the car will get new engines and transmissions , including a turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder motor in higher-end models , honda says . the sedan version will be in showrooms this fall , with a coupe and a high-performance r-type coming later . honda last rolled out an all-new civic in 2011 , and it was widely panned for bland styling , cabin noise and pedestrian handling . the japanese car-maker was forced to quickly make improvements to the car at the end of 2012 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .