mark selby was straight into an auspicious groove as he began his title defence at the betfred world championship on saturday . the 31-year-old from leicester rocked ronnie o'sullivan in last year 's final to claim his maiden crucible title , and returned to ease 6-3 ahead of kurt maflin in their first-round tussle . no first-time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on , and that factor has taken the tag of the ' crucible curse ' . mark selby plays a shot in the first round match against kurt maflin on day one of the world championship . mark selby and norwegian kurt maflin look on during their first round match at the crucible in sheffield . selby salutes the crucible crowd on his arrival . selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner , having lifted the german masters and china open titles this year , and breaks of 84 , 108 , 53 , 69 and 56 gave him a commanding lead to take into the evening session . his match with maflin concludes on saturday , the only clash to reach a finish on day one of the tournament , and selby looked like being too strong for his london-born opponent who currently represents norway , where he has lived for more than a decade . maflin defeated steve davis in the qualifying stages , and he beat selby in germany last year , but this was a crucible debut for the 31-year-old . selby , despite being just two months older than maflin , is an old hand at the tournament , having made his first world championship appearance 10 years ago . they shared the four frames before the mid-session interval , maflin making runs of 96 and 60 , before selby opened a two-frame lead and then also claimed the seventh after a re-spotted black . it looked a pivotal frame , as maflin twice attempted to double in the black but on the second occasion left selby a long pot , which he fired assuredly into the centre of the pocket . selby match against maflin concludes on saturday , the only clash to finish on day one of the tournament . back came maflin with an 88 break , but when selby bustled through the last of the session he had a commanding advantage to take into the concluding session , needing just four more frames to reach the second round . hong kong cueman marco fu took the final frame of the session with a break of 66 to nudge 5-4 in front of bexhill 's jimmy robertson . robertson was mauled 10-1 by selby when making his world championship debut four years ago , but after qualifying for the second time was making a stronger fist this time . the 28-year-old englishman briefly threatened to make a 147 maximum break , which would have been the 11th in the tournament 's history , but missed the 11th red in the fifth frame .