prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave . god willing , his wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days’ time , at which point the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance , will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed : ‘ o duchess of my dreams , i am at your beck and call , coiled like a watchspring to hold milk bottles and change nappies until the first week of june’ . six weeks ! some of you may find this sweet . you will look at the earnest young duke of c , with his well-meaning smile and that receding hairline ( join the club , sir ) , and you may think : ‘ there goes a properly modern man ; what a fine example he sets to the rising generation . ’ scroll down for video . ' he may be a prince of the realm , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood , ' says quentin letts of prince william 's six weeks ' paternity leave . you will toast him in whatever it is that you spongy egalitarians use for toasts — some form of low-calorie herbal infusion , perhaps — and you may even allow yourselves a small ‘ahhh’ of sentimentalism . how lovely , you will say , that the next-but-heir to the throne is in tune with metropolitan sensibilities , alive to the rip-tides of 21st-century cultural politics . he may be a prince of the realm , surrounded by hot-and-cold-running flunkeys , cocooned by the coroneted appurtenances of royal life , but under it all he is a new man , bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood . how unlike his father , the fogeyish prince charles — who at the time of his engagement to diana , when asked if he was in love , gave a sighing , unromantic answer which included the throwaway phrase ‘ whatever “ in love” means’ . unlike his mouldering pop , wills accepts — embraces ! — the mundane and sometimes stinky burdens of early parenthood . and so , for the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the prince will be on domestic parade , quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , anmer hall , in norfolk , like a guardsman doing sentry duty outside st james’s palace . hrh new dad , in his nursemaid’s pinny , will be there to ‘ do his bit’ . and yet , at the risk of committing lese-majeste , i must confess that when i heard of the prince’s undertaking i thought ( and continue to think ) : ‘ for god’s sake , man , are you mad ? ’ i say this , furthermore , as a committed royalist and father of three . ' for the next six weeks , and possibly beyond , the prince will be on domestic parade , ' says quentin letts . ' quivering to attention at the nursery door somewhere deep inside their stately home , anmer hall , in norfolk ' . for your royal highness , i have been there and have glimpsed your immediate future . i have tried paternity leave , albeit briefly . so far as i could see it was an almost complete waste of time . our first-born , claud , arrived in july 1997 , in the early days of the blairite terrors . new labour had been in office but a few weeks and the country was in the grip of a mini social revolution that saw the old tory ways washed aside by political correctness . even so , i absented myself from the birthing suite at cheltenham maternity hospital ( i had nearly fainted when the anaesthetist produced his epidural needle , long as a medieval jousting stick ) . i retired to a nearby pub for a pint or two of goodish cider . as i made my excuses and left the hospital , the midwives looked thoroughly relieved . they knew what no nurse ever seems prepared in public to admit : men in a maternity ward are a flat-footed menace . ' they knew what no nurse ever seems prepared in public to admit : men in a maternity ward are a flat-footed menace , ' says quentin letts , who says he made it through just a week of his own paternity leave . i can claim to have changed claud’s first nappy — i remember the moment vividly , as my wife looked on cluelessly — and i also made myself uncharacteristically useful when , the following morning , the three of us went home . you see , i was the one who worked out how to fasten the darn babyseat into the front seat of our elderly mini estate car . ok , it took me ten minutes to work it out but at least , like wills with prince george , i did it ! we lived at that point in a small cottage on a wooded hillside near stroud , gloucestershire , reached only by a steep footpath . for william and kate , home is the rather better-appointed anmer , an elegant , georgian spread on the sandringham estate . will william need to carry the new-born bundle and its baby clobber ( nappy bags , push chair , cot , toys , etc ) down the garden path , as i did ? one suspects there may be staff to do that . once the newborn has been brought home , what is there for the father to do ? feeding the bairn ? my wife opted for breast-feeding . my man boobs may be corkers in their own right but they were never up to that task , so i had little to do . some women go in for breast pumps and decanting their milk into bottles , which the dads can then administer , but that all sounded a bit complicated to us — to be honest , it made me feel a bit faint . at anmer hall , there will surely be cohorts of nurses and norland-trained nannies on hand to take over from kate when she tires of feeding the little one . my mother-in-law , who had been my wife’s birthing partner , was busy and helpful in the first days after the babies arrived . ah , the mother-in-law . we touch here , perhaps , on terrain that will be familiar to william , whose own ma-in-law , the indomitable carole middleton , is said to be in the jimmy anderson league of fast bowlers . ' once the newborn has been brought home , what is there for the father to do ? ' asks quentin letts . mrs middleton , one is told , will be on hand at anmer , once the young royals return to the family pile . when one hears of the proximity of mothers-in-law and gormless , bumbling sons-in-law , one fears a conflagration may break out as easily as if russian and raf jets are in close proximity in the skies over north-eastern scotland . a man may love his wife’s mother , and that affection may even sometimes be reciprocated , but that is not to say it is a good idea for him to try to disagree with her when it comes to theories about how to hold a baby , lay it in its cot or bring up wind . burping procedures : is this what search-and-rescue helicopter pilot william was put on earth to do ? mrs middleton may not be a member of the blood royal but i suspect that if it came to a shoot-out between her and william over babysitting niceties , she would take the bout with ease . for this is what a man learns while on paternity leave : he is there on sufferance . the early weeks of motherhood lean heavily to the distaff side . in july 1997 , your correspondent stood there , like any man , feeling a spare part as the aunts and grandmothers and godmothers and female neighbours fell to their cooing and gurgling at the purple-faced infant . worse , these women were keen to discuss the complete biological aspects of the delivery . the expression ‘ give us all the gory details’ rings still in my ear as my wife’s girlfriends descended on her with presents of babygros and ‘ moisturiser for your stretch marks’ . ' those first weeks after a birth , a mother and babe spend much of their time resting and sleeping . if a man can go and earn a few bob to help pay the flurry of bills , is he not better thus employed ? ' descriptions of shrieking agony in the delivery room unfolded , complete with dante-esque accounts of pushing and dilation and heads appearing . worst of all , they wanted to know about ‘tearing’ . a paternity-leave dad such as prince william has two options : he can stand in the margins of such covens , and possibly disgrace himself by fainting , floored by the nausea of envisaging post-natal undercarriage surgery ; or he can step into the garden ( better still a beer garden ) for some fresh air . i lasted less than a week first time round . for the second and third children , i made admiring noises , told my wife how wonderful she was , took a vague squint at the infant , then returned to my work . those first weeks after a birth , a mother and babe spend much of their time resting and sleeping . if a man can go and earn a few bob to help pay the flurry of bills , is he not better thus employed ? you can do a lot in six weeks . if you are a sailor you can cross the atlantic and have time for a few days on some west indies beach . if you are a cyclist you can go from land’s end to john o’groats and quite a long way back , depending on the gravity of your jock rot . by mid-june , early spuds will be ready for digging in our kitchen gardens . the new parliament will be up and running . buckingham palace will be in summer garden-party season . england’s cricketers may already be two down in the series against new zealand . prince william , sir , ignore your press officers and image advisers . don’t fall for this notion that a new dad’s place is at the ( stately ) home . you will have a whole life ahead for bonding with your lovely new child . stay just long enough to show affectionate interest . then make your escape !