our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with et . this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . it claims irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life . our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with et . this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . irobot is famous for creating self-guided roomba machines . the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on . ' we 'll see the whole thing with our electronics , ' harvey liszt , spectrum manager for the observatory , told bloomberg . ' it 's a distortion . ' irobot , who has created self-guided roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the u.s. federal communications commission to use airwaves for its latest design . the massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn . existing models use wires hidden in the ground to set boundaries , rather using airwaves . astronomers that the frequencies irobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol – a key sign of star formation . there is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the green bank telescope ( pictured ) in west virginia , which the national radio astronomy observatory owns . the company claims its device could ' make this necessary chore easier ' and reduce the 38,000 injuries caused by walk-behind mowers each year . according to bloomberg , irobot claims the astronomers ' concerns are exaggerated and said the chances of its gardening technology will interfere with space exploration are ' infinitesimal ' . but the national radio astronomy observatory argues that the frequencies irobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol – a key sign of star formation . irobot has offered to place a notice in user manuals that states : ' consumer use only ; use must be limited to residential areas . ' researchers at the parkes observatory claim they have finally found the source of these ' alien ' signals - in their kitchen microwave . for years , scientists have been trying to uncover the source of mysterious radio signals being picked up in australia . theories have ranged from evaporating black holes to extraterrestrial communication and mergers of neutron stars . now researchers at the parkes observatory claim they have finally found the source of these ' alien ' signals - in their kitchen microwave . scientists knew the strange signals , known as perytons , originated somewhere near to the planet , but they had no idea just how close . the researchers were able to replicate the emission of perytons by opening the microwave door while the device was still running . within a fraction of a second , the microwave activity was picked up by the reader and the source of the perytons revealed . ' subsequent tests revealed that a peryton can be generated at 1.4 ghz when a microwave oven door is opened prematurely and the telescope is at an appropriate relative angle , ' the authors wrote . but this does n't go far enough , say astronomers . they want the company to implement ' exclusion zones based on geolocation ' to keep lawnmowers at least 55 miles ( 89km ) from telescopes . irobot responded by saying : ' the nrao observatories for the most part are not closely surrounded by residential areas , at least no residential areas with lawns . ' a review of the observatory locations on google maps also shows that many are surrounded by desert or forests , not environments where residential lawn equipment is used . ' nrao replied : ' this claim is most charitably characterised as silly . ' there is already a ban on the use of mobile phone close to the green bank telescope in west virginia , which the national radio astronomy observatory owns . both irobot and the national radio astronomy observatory have yet to respond to dailymail.com for comment . irobot , who has created self-guided roomba vacuum cleaners , has filed a request with the u.s. federal communications commission to use airwaves for its latest design . the massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn .