three people were killed and eight were injured when a van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened 300 feet off an interstate and down an embankment in northeast georgia on monday . the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday , the georgia state patrol said . authorities have confirmed three deaths , according to georgia state patrol captain mark perry . a van carrying 12 people from south carolina for a heavy metal show in atlanta careened off the road monday morning , killing three and injuring eight . the driver of the 15-passenger van ' apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , georgia state patrol cpl scott smith said . members of the atlanta-based band khaotika and the huntsville , alabama-based band wormreich were in the van . eight others were injured , the georgia department of public safety said in a statement late monday morning . their conditions were n't available . the van 's driver ' apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , ' georgia state patrol cpl . scott smith told the atlanta journal-constitution . the occupants of the van , from atlanta-based band khaotika and alabama-based wormreich , were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians ' equipment , smith told the atlanta newspaper . the three men who died were ejected from the vehicle , according to fox5 . the van 's driver was not injured , young said , adding that families of those involved were still being notified . wormreich and khaotika ( pictured together ) had been to chicago , st louis and spartanburg , south carolina on tour . the driver of the van was not injured in the crash 65 miles northeast of atlanta , where khaotika and wormreich were scheduled to play monday night . above , unidentified people leave the scene . the conditions of those who survived monday 's crash were not immediately available and families were still being notified . band members had been travelling to a show in atlanta monday night , which has been cancelled . kult ov azazel , another metal band scheduled to appear at the show , said , ' the van carrying wormreich and khaotika was in a horrible accident this morning . we can not go into details due to respect to the families of the involved ' . the atlanta show was the last stop on a tour for the metal groups that included chicago , st louis and spartanburg , south carolina . wormreich is listed as a black metal band with lyrical interests in satanism on a fan site and khaotika is listed as a gothic metal group interested in the occult . rick hayes , husband of khaotika singer lariyah hayes , 27 , said on facebook that ' lariyah 's out of surgery and in recovery , docs said it went well ' . the crash happened about 65 miles northeast of atlanta . it caused traffic to back up in the area along the interstate , a key route between georgia and the carolinas , said teri pope , a spokeswoman with the georgia department of transportation . lariya hayes ( center ) had surgery and was recovering after surviving the crash , according to her husband . the van and trailer traveled 300 feet off of the road before crashing into trees on the side of the highway . 