they say a moment on the lips , a lifetime on the hips . and now we reveal the true cost of indulging this easter . just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar . that’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation ( who ) recommends per day . and a kit kat chunky easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off . the egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g , almost double the amount the who recommends in a day . here , exercise coaches recommend how you can offset the calories you might consume this weekend.. . at 177 calories , a creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , while a large lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing to work off . crème egg . calories : 177 . activity : skipping . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 19 minutes .  lindt xs ( extra small ) gold bunny 50g . calories : 275 . activity : core circuit . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 30 minutes . lindt chocolate bunny 100g . calories : 540 . activity : an hour of cardio exercise that activates the muscles as well , such as a stairmaster stepmill , versaclimber or rowing machine . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 1 hour . a 90g packet of mini eggs contains a whopping 444 calories , which can be burned by a 50 minute zumba step class . cadburys mini eggs 90g . calories : 444 . activity : zumba step . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 50 minutes .  cadburys mini eggs with daim 86g ( approximately 8 eggs ) . calories : 480 . activity : a high intensity exercise class such as grid , an obstacle course found at virgin active health clubs , which is claimed to burn 500- 700 calories in 30 minutes . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 30 minutes . one maltesers bunny has 156 calories , which will take 16 intense minutes on a rowing machine to burn . one malteser bunny . calories : 156 . activity : rowing on a water rower . minutes/distance to burn the calories : four sessions lasting four minutes .  kit kat chunky medium egg with one kit kat chunky . calories : 836 ( 590kcals for the egg and 246kcals for one kit kat chunky ) . activity : three group cycle or spin classes burning 300 calories a class . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 45 minutes per class ( 2 hours 15 in total ) . the 828 calories in a flake easter egg ( and the chocolate bars inside it ) can be worked off in two high intensity exercise classes , while a smarties egg can be burned off in three lower intensity classes . cadbury’s flake easter egg with four 75g flake bars . calories : 828 . activity : two high intensity classes , such as twenty four ( 24 exercises such as squats and lunges in 24 minutes ) , found at virgin active health clubs , which is claimed to burn up to 500 calories per class . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 30 minutes each ( an hour in total ) .  smarties medium egg filled with smarties . calories : 626 . activity : three exercise classes , such as ugi ( a workout with a beanbag-like ball that combines strength , cardio and core training ) . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 30 minutes each ( 1 hour 30 minutes in total ) .  the exercises were recommended by andy birch , head of exercise and wellbeing at virgin active , and tim hart , head nutritionist at reebok sports club in canary wharf , london . many popular easter eggs contain more sugar than is recommended in a day by the world health organisation . there is nothing as synonymous with easter as chocolate eggs . a survey released this week found the average child will eat eight of the chocolate treats , totalling a massive 8,000 calories over the long weekend . but while the holiday might be a child 's favourite , a nutritionist has warned too much sugar can lead to obesity , type 2 diabetes and tooth decay . dr sam christie , a nutrition scientist , also warned too much of the sweet stuff can exacerbate polycystic ovarian syndrome and behavioural problems like adhd . the world health organisation recommends 50g of added sugar a day ( roughly 12 and a half teaspoons ) , on top of natural sugars that occur in fruit and milk . dr christie has calculated that many popular eggs contain more than the recommended daily amount of sugar . nestle crunch medium easter egg contains 182 per cent of the recommended daily amount , while a thorntons cupcake medium easter egg has 161 per cent . depending on how physically active the children are , eating too much sugar could trigger insulin resistance , dr christie said . this is where the body becomes de-sensitised to insulin , the hormone that controls how much sugar is in the bloodstream . over time this slowly damages cells and organs in the body , and leads to type 2 diabetes . she said : ' sugar causes pathological changes , their bodies become resistant to insulin and have cellular damage to all parts of the body . ' it also leads to weight gain . ‘ insulin resistance puts you at a metabolic disadvantage to lose weight . it actually becomes very hard to lose weight once the body can’t break down sugar , ’ she explained . ‘ dermatologists used to say “ chocolate and sugar doesn’t harm skin” . now they are saying ‘ yes they do’ . she added children could also become deficient in other nutrients too . she said : ' if someone 's overstraining their insulin system they lose more nutrients in urine , as do trace elements like zinc . they fall into deficit . ' you can upset metabolism by having too much sugar . ' eating too much sugar can lead to obesity , type 2 diabetes , tooth decay , nutrient deficiencies , acne and behavioural problems , a nutritionist warns . this can also lead to other deficiencies as children may fill up on sugar but not eat other , more nutritious food , so they miss out on vitamins and minerals , she added . having a healthy diet the rest of the year can actually protect against the damaging effects of insulin resistance , which sugar might trigger . ‘ eat wholegrains , fruit and veg , portions of oil rich fish - the nutrients in foods will help make the body more sensitive to insulin . ‘ if someone takes multi-vitamins , it helps sensitise the body to insulin , so you’re more likely to burn off sugar . ‘ we fail to eat our micronutrients every day and it can actually help the nation become less obese . ’ she added that if a person is going to overindulge , solid chocolate eggs are better for health than ones with sugary fillings . she said : ' any of the ones with pure chocolate rather than squidgy fillings are better . ' i 'd avoid fondant or caramel , and go for solid chocolate . ' then you 'll be eating more polyphenols and less added sugar . ' the squidgy ones have added sugar on top of the sugar in cocoa . ' eating a small treat , rather than gorging on multiple eggs , allows children to enjoy easter without risking their health , she continued . she said : ' eat a crème egg or a solid egg’s worth , something that can sit on your child 's hand instead of covering their entire dinner plate . ' dr christie recommends nature’s best multi-guard balance vitamin supplement , which has added chromium , cinnamon bark and magnesium and claims to stave off sugar cravings and boost energy levels .      