prosecutors say they 're dismissing almost three dozen criminal cases connected to four fort lauderdale police officers who lost their jobs following an investigation into a racist video and text messages . the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . nearly 20 more dismissals expected . the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force . scroll down for video . criminal cases connected to four former fort lauderdale police officers have been dismissed after an investigation into a racist video and messages sent by the four cops . above , fort lauderdale police chief frank adderley ( far right ) speaks about three of the officers ' firings at a press conference in march . all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts ' exchanged among themselves and former police officers ' , chf adderley said . above , in this text , christopher sousa refers to killing n****** ' in another text message , holding writes : ' id have that noose ready ' - in reference to black men . jason holding , james wells and christopher sousa , all of fort lauderdale . were fired in march for ' department misconduct ' . alex alvarez resigned in january . officials say 22-year-old alex alvarez resigned , while 30-year-old james wells , 31-year-old jason holding and 25-year-old christopher sousa were fired after a five-month investigation , according to the south florida sun sentinel . the investigation began after a woman - alvarez 's former fiancee - filed a complaint in october . the series of text messages were filled with the n-word and other slurs , and the video included a doctored image of president barack obama wearing gold teeth , images of a ku klux klan hood and a police dog attacking a black man . in their cellphone messages , the officers sent each other ' racial , sexist and ethically inappropriate ' images and other content , including offensive comments against both hispanics and homosexuals . they also ' criticized their coworkers ' grammar , appearance , work ethic and referred to an entire shift as lazy ( expletives ) ' . and they even talked about killing and injuring black people , cbs reported . in one text , sousa reportedly wrote : ' holdings we are coming and drinking all your beer and killing n****** . ' in another , holding said : ' id have that noose ready ( sic ) ' , according to the sun sentinel . officer alex alvarez , 22 , who apparently created the video ( pictured : a still ) , resigned from the city 's force in late january - before the investigation into he and his colleagues ' exchanges was complete . the video for the fictitious ' the hoods ' film , which apparently used the n-word repeatedly , featured pictures of a wanted poster for ' an escaped slave ' and black men looking down the barrel of a gun ( pictured ) . the video also included photos of black men being bitten by a dog ( pictured ) , a police investigation determined . the disturbing footage , which apparently used the n-word repeatedly , also featured pictures of a wanted poster for ' an escaped slave ' and a caricature of president obama with gold-capped teeth . all of the four officers involved in the case committed misconduct involving racist texts ' exchanged among themselves and former police officers ' , fort lauderdale police chief frank adderley said . chief adderley , who is african-american , added that the officers did not engage in criminal behavior , ' but their conduct was inexcusable and there is zero tolerance for this kind of behavior ' in the force . a spokesman for the state attorney 's office says all of the dropped cases involve black defendants . sherman bynes is one of the defendants whose criminal case has been dismissed . he was arrested by holding in march 2014 . ' this is a serious matter . we continue to review each case in which these former policemen were the principal officers involved in the arrest , ' spokesman ron ishoy told the sun sentinel . ' we are dropping charges against the defendants where it is appropriate . ' one of the first felony cases dropped was holding 's arrest of sherman bynes , 36 , in march 2014 . gordan weekes , a chief assistant in the city 's public defender 's office called the arrest ' a classic case of driving while black ' . bynes was pulled over by holding after rolling through a stop sign in a new kia owned by the rental car company he worked for . holding called for a police dog to search the car and bynes 's person and found a baggie of marijuana in bynes ' pocket and 14 grams of marijuana , a digital scale and several small plastic bags in a backpack in the trunk . he also said that bynes was not wearing his seat belt . holding arrested bynes , who was charged with possession with intent to sell cannabis and traffic violations . bynes said holding was ' extremely aggressive toward him in his demeanor , ' but used no racially offensive language during the stop , according to bynes 's lawyer . ' holding 's bias was insurmountable as he was clearly engaging in racially predatory policing that was consistent with his offensive text conversations , ' weekes said . broward public defender howard finkelstein said that between january 1 , 2014 , and the time the officers left the force , they were involved in 56 felony arrests of black and other minority suspects . chief adderley ( pictured ) revealed the four officers had told him they had been just joking around . ' based on the investigation , they felt , in their words , that it was a joke , ' he said at a news conference in march . the three fired officers are disputing their termination from the force and are trying to get their jobs back . they have arbitration hearings on april 15 . fort lauderdale mayor jack seiler said in march that he was ' very disappointed , disgusted and shocked ' by the inquiry 's findings , describing the officers as ' a few bad apples ' in a ' diverse ' police department . he added city and department leadership had agreed that the multiple sackings were appropriate . meanwhile , city manager lee feldman said : ' it 's extremely unfortunate that these acts of racism and hatred took place ' . he also expressed his thanks toward alvarez 's fiancée for coming forward . the police department in south-east florida , which has around 500 agents , has now created a human diversity class that all officers must attend on an annual basis in the wake of the incident . the fraternal order of police lodge # 31 represents the officers . fop president jack lokeinsky said everyone is entitled to due process , and the officers have the right to a fair review of the facts . the police department ( pictured ) in south-east florida , which has around 500 agents , has now created a human diversity class that all officers must attend on an annual basis in the wake of the incident .