robin , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 , aged 58 . robin ellis shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero ross poldark . at the time , he was as much a heart throb as aidan turner , star of the hugely successful bbc remake of the cornish epic that concludes on sunday . in fact , even now at the age of 73 robin has retained the physique that helped make him famous - as he showed in a cameo in the bbc remake . yet even though he has been slim all his life - 12st , which is perfect for his 6ft 1½in frame - robin has type 2 diabetes , a condition that many of us associate with being overweight . in type 2 diabetes , the body 's cells fail to react to insulin , causing blood sugar levels to soar which , if uncontrolled , can lead to blindness , kidney damage , heart disease and circulation problems , especially in the feet and legs . robin was diagnosed by chance in 1999 aged 58 after a friend was diagnosed with prostate cancer and he decided to get himself checked . ' it was clear , but blood tests showed my blood glucose levels were high , ' he says . ' six months later , i was tested again and told i had type 2 diabetes . ' he had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination . although he had smoked 20 roll-ups a day for 20 years , he gave up when he was 40 . he was running five or six miles a day , and did n't have a sweet tooth . so how did he end up with type 2 diabetes ? normally , it occurs in those who are overweight or who have an inactive lifestyle . this is thought to be linked to excess fat cells releasing chemicals that disrupt the way the body responds to insulin . however , the problem can also develop in apparently slim people with a normal body mass index ( bmi ) . that 's because diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen , around the organs . ' bmi does n't tell the whole story and it 's just as important where the fat is on your body , ' says julian halcox , professor of cardiology at the university of cardiff . ' studies show some people can have a normal bmi , but a higher proportion of fat than you might expect from looking at them . ' this does not appear to have been the problem for robin . he 'd been only too aware of the risks of diabetes - his mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes . pictured here in poldark , he was struck by michel montignac 's book , dine out and lose weight , which advocates giving up white ( refined ) carbohydrates rather than counting calories . ' because of my poor mum 's history , i was fully aware of what my diagnosis meant , ' he says . type 2 diabetes has a strong genetic element - if a parent has it , there 's a 50 per cent chance their child will , too . however , robin 's mother had type 1 diabetes , which is an entirely different type and so it 's likely to be just a coincidence . in type 1 diabetes , the insulin-producing cells in the pancreas are destroyed , meaning none is released , whereas in type 2 the pancreas may produce decent levels of insulin but the body is resistant to it . the diabetes picture has changed dramatically since robin 's mother 's days . rates of type 2 diabetes have soared , due to rising obesity levels , and it is being diagnosed at a much younger age . in the uk in 2010 there were 3.1 m over-16s with diabetes , 90 per cent with type 2 . by 2030 , there are expected to be 4.6 m people with the condition , equivalent to one in ten of the adult population . ' there is an epidemic of type 2 and the myth that this is a milder form of diabetes has been totally busted , ' says dr graham toms , consultant diabetes specialist at newham university hospital , east london . indeed while complications such as nerve damage to the eyes and feet equally affect both types of diabetes , damage to the large blood vessels in the heart , brain and legs are far more common with type 2 . heart disease is a common complication of type 2 diabetes , because high blood sugar can damage the blood vessels and raise the risk of arteries becoming blocked . once he was diagnosed , robin was determined to do everything he could to limit the damage through lifestyle changes . previously his diet included meals grabbed from the catering truck while filming on location as well as late-night meals with friends while sharing several bottles of wine after coming off stage . now , he has eliminated sugar and refined carbohydrates such as white bread from his diet , and developed a passion for cooking from scratch . ' after being told about diabetes , i read up on it and was struck by michel montignac 's book , dine out and lose weight , which advocates giving up white ( refined ) carbohydrates ( that release sugar quickly into the bloodstream ) rather than counting calories . i made the changes immediately . ' robin has since written a number of cookbooks for people with diabetes , as he found there was a lack of recipes available . the proportion of hospital beds occupied by patients with diabetes . when filming for the current series of poldark , he took his own healthy breakfast . ' i travel with oats , walnuts , dried apricots and prunes to which i add almond milk , which is virtually sugar-free , and then i 'll have rye bread . ' robin 's other lifestyle change was to walk the recommended 150 minutes a week , little but often ( he 'd given up running by then ) . the result was extraordinary . for ten years he was able to control his blood sugar through these methods alone . only recently has he been put on medication , as diabetes is a progressive disease which worsens with age . only a minority of patients can combat the disease without drugs for so long . ' it is achievable , but only in patients who have the knowledge and motivation to do it , ' says dr toms . six years ago , robin was put on diamicron , a form of sulphonylurea drug , which stimulates the pancreas to produce more insulin . three months ago , he was also given januvia , which prevents the breakdown of the gut hormone glp-1 , whose role is to prompt insulin release after a meal . two years ago , routine tests indicated that robin had possible artery problems and he was sent to a clinic . ' i arrived light-hearted as i was n't short of breath or suffering chest pains - and found myself having an angioplasty ( a procedure to widen a blocked artery ) feeling like a chicken on a slab . ' under local anaesthetic , a catheter was threaded down his arm and a wire then delivered three stents - tiny mesh tubes - to widen the blocked artery . ' it took no time and i left feeling light-hearted again as it had been fixed . but it was further proof that you must take diabetes seriously . ' since then , all has been well . robin - who lives with his american wife , meredith , in lautrec in south-west france , does have some numbness in his feet , another common complication of diabetes , and sees a chiropodist every three months . ' my blood glucose levels are checked every three months , ' he says . ' there has been a small , steady rise over the years , consistent with my age but still very good . ' people get depressed and think their diagnosis is the end of the world . well , it is n't . i 'm still here and i 'm aiming to die of old age , not diabetes . ' delicious dishes for diabetics and healthy eating for life are published by robinson . for details of robin 's cookery workshops in france go to : robin-ellis.net . diabetes.org.uk . 