those who achieve greatness are high achievers from an early stage . they know this better than most at anfield . take michael owen . by the time he was 20 in december 1999 , his list of accomplishments read like the wish-list of many footballers . he had been named pfa young player of the year ( 1998 ) , scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals and won bbc sports personality of the year . there were also 18 england caps and he had passed 50 career goals for liverpool . raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week . sterling trains with his liverpool team-mates at melwood as the reds prepare to face arsenal on saturday . liverpool boss brendan rodgers ( right ) insists that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window . then there is robbie fowler . another pfa young player of the year award winner ( 1995 ) , he had entered the record books by scoring the fastest hat-trick in the barclays premier league on his way to 50 goals by his 20th birthday and won his first major honour ( the 1995 league cup ) . others had similar impacts . steve mcmanaman ended his first season as a liverpool regular with a man-of-the-match performance in the 1992 fa cup final win over sunderland . steven gerrard 's first year out of his teens saw him collect the league cup , the fa cup and the uefa cup . that is the barometer by which those on the kop judge prodigies . so let us now look at the cv of raheem sterling , who was 20 on december 8 last year . it currently reads : liverpool young player of the year 2013-2014 and europe 's golden boy 2014 . there are also 14 england caps and one goal . steven gerrard had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens including the fa cup and uefa cup . michael owen scored this memorable goal against argentina at the 1998 world cup when he was just 18 . owen had been named bbc sports personality of the year and scored over 50 goals when he hit 20 . steve mcmanaman lifts the fa cup in 1992 after helping liverpool defeat sunderland at wembley . robbie fowler was pfa young player of the year in 1995 and scored the premier league 's fastest hat-trick . good ? yes . great ? no . just 18 months ago he could n't even get a start for liverpool . this should not come across as an attempt to belittle sterling 's talents — he is undeniably exciting — but he has become embroiled in a storm that has made him out to be on par with the four men named above . his comments in that ridiculously misguided bbc interview about wanting to challenge for trophies in his career and playing with the best players evoked memories of the luis suarez affair . he is absolutely not in the same sphere as the uruguayan . ' that was probably raheem looking over the course of the next 15 years if he plays to 35 , ' brendan rodgers observed on thursday . ' players now look to later in their career and their life . but i can only focus on here , liverpool and what is best for now . as a 20-year-old , he 's not at that level . ' we think that it will be best for him here and we will work hard to ensure he stays . ' sterling receives europe 's golden boy award ahead of a game against arsenal in december last year . sterling was named liverpool 's young player of the year for 2013-14 but he is miles behind luis suarez . sterling 's first and only england goal arrived against lithuania in a euro 2016 qualifier last friday . liverpool should n't have to work hard to keep sterling . his advisors have every right to look to maximise their client 's earnings but , somewhere and somehow , they have lost sight of the bigger picture and a series of dreadful judgements have been made . the first signs that all was not well came on october 3 when sportsmail ran a back page story with the headline ' kop fight to keep sterling ' . that the story came after sterling had been anonymous in a 1-0 champions league defeat in basle did n't do him any favours . there have been a raft of similar stories , a lot of which have either coincided with games that have gone against liverpool — such as when their fate in the champions league was condemned in december — or ones in which he has played well , england against lithuania being a prime example . sterling , pictured in action against chelsea , has only scored six premier league goals so far this season . sterling is expected to start for liverpool when they take on arsenal at the emirates on saturday . the former qpr youngster is wanted by clubs including arsenal , chelsea , real madrid and bayern munich . as he looks to steer liverpool into the champions league and win the fa cup , rodgers could do without this sideshow unfolding and so , more than anyone , could sterling . if he wants to get to the level of owen , fowler or gerrard , he needs to influence the games that matter . he has been regularly championed for his strength , pace and trickery after being given a platform on which to thrive by rodgers . deep down , sterling will know what his manager has done for him . now is the time to pay him back — and show potential , perhaps , can become something more substantial .