hillary clinton 's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in iowa . her tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in leclaire , iowa was staged from beginning to end , according to austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton . bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , a nearby city . price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour . the three got the lion 's share of mrs. clinton 's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable'– the first of many in her brief iowa campaign swing . bird himself is a frequent participant in iowa democratic party events . he interned with president obama 's 2012 presidential re-election campaign , and was tapped to chauffeur vice president joe biden in october 2014 when he visited davenport . ' what happened is , we were just asked to be there by troy , ' bird said wednesday in a phone interview . scroll down for video . staged : clinton sat to talk with three young iowans at a coffee shop on tuesday – all of whom were driven to the event by her iowa campaign 's political director . not so ordinary : austin bird is a democratic party insider who chauffeured vice president joe biden around davenport , iowa in october during a pre-election campaign trip . ' we were asked to come to a meeting with troy , the three of us , at the village inn . ' the other two , he confirmed , were university of iowa college democrats president carter bell and planned parenthood of the heartland employee sara sedlacek . ' it was supposed to be a strategy meeting , ' bird recalled , ' to get our thoughts about issues . but then all of a sudden he says , `` hey , we have secretary clinton coming in , would you like to go meet her ? '' ' ' and then we got in a car – troy 's car – and we went up to the coffee house , and we sat at a table and then hillary just came up and talked with us . ' bird said ' we all were called . ' ' i mean , troy asked us all to do – to go to a meeting with him . and we did n't really know what it was about . i mean , he did . he knew . ' it 's unclear how many iowans featured in photographs with clinton that rocketed around the country on tuesday were planted . ' the mayor of leclaire was there , and his wife was there , ' bird said , recalling the scene at the coffee shop . price was executive director of the iowa democratic party until a month ago . clinton 's team tapped him last week to be its political director in iowa . he did not respond to a request for comment . bird is a government and community relations coordinator at genesis health system in davenport , iowa , according to his linkedin profile . a coworker at genesis said wednesday that bird is ' basically a lobbyist in training . that 's what he wants to do . ' bird disagreed , saying his role was ' more public relations . ' he 's also an outspoken progressive whose facebook wall shows he ordered a ' hillary for president ' bumper sticker 22 months ago . ' is it 2016 yet ? ' he wrote in may 2013 . clinton 's nascent campaign has carefully coordinated her image as a spontaneous , handshaking populist in her first days as a candidate , posing with pennsylvanians at a gas station and venturing into an ohio chipotle restaurant for lunch . when no one recognized the former first lady – she was wearing sunglasses – the campaign leaked information to the new york times so its reporters could get security-camera footage to prove she had tried to mingle with voters . scripting supposedly off-the-cuff appearances is common in presidential politics but could hurt clinton especially hard since her gonzo road-trip journey to america 's broad midwest is designed to counter her image as cold , calculating and politically venomous . and planting party insiders in place of typical iowans wo n't go over well in the hawkeye state , where pressing the flesh and collecting caucus votes is a quadrennial full-contact sport . astroturf : setting up faux events for news cameras is nothing new in politics , but iowans take presidential contests seriously and could punish clinton for the deception . the fixer : bird said troy prince ( left , pictured with vp joe biden ) , who was executive director of the iowa democratic party until he left last month to help clinton 's statewide political effort , recruited him and others to attend the ' spontaneous ' coffee meeting . clinton 's campaign has already taken heat for depicting at least three people in her campaign launch video as ' everyday ' americans who were actually partisans with political connections . one was even a former campaign manager for wendy davis , the texas democrat who mounted a failed bid for texas governor last year . in leclaire on tuesday , bloomberg and other outlets referred to bird as a ' student ' at st. ambrose university , not as a hospital government-affairs staffer with democratic party street-cred . he does study at st. ambrose – part-time . but bird 's ties to the party are deep enough that his facebook wall includes a photo of him standing in front of joe biden 's limousine in davenport . ' i was driving the vice president when he was in town in october , ' bird noted in a facebook comment . biden was not there on official government business , but for a campaign stop in support of democrat bruce braley . ' the vice president will attend a grassroots event for braley for iowa with representative david loebsack , ' according to white house press guidance for his october 27 , 2014 schedule .