reptile : the 6ft-long albino northern pine snake was found curled up on top of a bath mat on a radiator . a teenage girl was shocked to discover a huge albino snake curled up on top of the radiator in her bathroom . hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in rochdale , manchester . she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother , karen marriott , to come upstairs . mrs marriott attempted to call the rscpa at 7am yesterday morning but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999 . she said : ' hannah was calm at first . she ca n't even deal with spiders , but i do n't think she thought it was real . ' she 'd been looking at it for a few minutes until it moved . she thought i was having a joke . ' i felt like a wally dialling 999 but i did n't know what to do . i 'm frightened because i do n't know how it got in . ' it was like something out of a film . i did n't know whether to laugh or cry . everybody needed a wee , but we could n't go . ' craig wallace , a detective based at rochdale police station , overheard the control room call and although it 's not a police matter , he offered to help as he has experience with keeping snakes . det con wallace used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to the station , before being transferred into the care of the rspca . the officer added : ' i keep snakes so i know a lot about them . it was a northern pine snake . they can give a nasty bite , but they 're not venomous . ' if it did bite you , you would struggle to get it off . i put my hand through a pillow slip then got the back of it 's head and wrapped it up . ' he believes the reptile may be a family pet which has either escaped or been set free and slithered into the house on during the recent warm weather . scroll down for video . shocked : it was found by 16-year-old hannah brierley who thought at first it might be a prank by her mother . terrifying : her mother karen marriott could n't get hold of the rspca so called the police to help them . rescue : det con craig wallace , who keeps snakes , overheard the call and although it was n't a police matter , he wanted to help the terrified family and used a pillowcase to capture it . dc wallace added : ' it 's been a nice few days with people leaving doors and windows open . it is n't uncommon for them to go through the loft space or floorboards . he added : ' i wanted to keep it as a station pet , but no-one would sit near me . ' the rspca later attended rochdale police station and the snake is now being cared for by the animal charity . escape : the officer believes the snake may be a family pet that has escaped or been discarded and could have got into the house through an open door or window in the recent warm weather . a regular pine snake , of which the northern pine is a subspecies , in the wild . they vary in colouring . the northern pine snake , or pituophis melanoleucus - a subspecies of the common pine snake - are endemic to south eastern states in the united states , including alabama and kentucky . in the wild , colours can vary from to deep-brick to a wine red . captive varieties tend to be amelanistic or ' albino ' , which are descendants of a specimen hatched from a wild-collected clutch of eggs . the find occurred near the eastern edge of the pine barrens in ocean county , new jersey , in the early to mid-1980s . they generally prefer to live in areas with pine flatwoods , sandy pine-oak woodlands or cultivated fields . pine snakes are carnivorous animals and mainly feed on mice , rats , moles and other small animals . captive-bred specimens docile behaviour makes them perfect pets and their voracious appetite and rapid growth are some of the reasons for their popularity . most hatchlings , which are around 12 to 16 inches , will feed immediately and though they may strike and hiss at first , with frequent handling they usually calm down . adults , which grow between 4ft and 6ft , can be more difficult to calm down if the animal was not handled frequently as a hatchling or juvenile . 