palmerston remains a very painful place for rangers managers . consider this the first harsh lesson of stuart mccall’s tenure . back in the chill of mid-december , ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation . a convincing 2-0 defeat did nothing to alleviate the mood of gloomy chaos that had engulfed the club . nine days later , mccoist was out on gardening leave . fast forward almost five months , and rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under mccall’s command . that hibs and hearts were among the victims added to the sense of a substantial revival . in dumfries , however , it felt more like a flashback to the bad old days of their campaign . rangers were simply second-best all over the plastic pitch in dumfries . striker derek lyle points to the skies after putting queen of the south in the lead at palmerston park . lewis kidd celebrates after an own goal doubles queen of the south 's lead at the start of the second half . gavin reilly ( left ) celebrates after forcing an own goal for qots 's third to dent rangers ' second place hopes . queen of the south : clark , durnan ( hooper ) , dowie , higgins , kidd , mcshane , carmichael , mckenna , holt , lyle ( pickard ) , reilly ( russell ) . subs : paton , atkinson , smith , smith . booked : higgins . scorers : lyle 33 ' , wallace ( og ) 46 ' , reilly 69 ' . rangers : robinson , mcgregor , zaliukas , mohsni , wallace , templeton ( crawford ) , law , murdoch , vuckic , miller ( hardie ) , clark ( boyd ) . subs : black , shiels , simonsen , sinnamon . booked : templeton , moshni . ref : don robertson . att : 5,093 . immense credit must go to queens , who recorded a thoroughly merited victory that has significantly boosted their play-off hopes . under james fowler , they are capable of bright , energetic football that delivered goals from derek lyle and gavin reilly , as well an own goal from lee wallace . mccall , though , must have felt a twinge of despair . he has spent much of his recent time emphasising that nothing had been achieved by the recent uplift . that so much work still had to be done were they to achieve their aim of promotion . a first defeat of his six-game reign confirmed that assessment in the most emphatic fashion . the ibrox outfit remain third behind hibs on goal difference , albeit with a game still in hand . radical improvement is once again required when they host raith rovers on sunday . queens will face falkirk at that same time , having just overhauled their key rivals for the fourth and final play-off spot . this was the best possible fillip for fowler’s men , as they seek to grow that one-point advantage . ranger 's newcastle loanee haris vukic ( left ) attempts to block a shot by qots ' chris higgins . new manager stuart mccall ( right ) suffered his first defeat since taking charge of the ibrox club . rangers were without suspended skipper lee mcculloch – banned after a red card for an elbow on hearts’ osman sow at the weekend – which meant a starting role for bilel mohsni alongside marius zaliukas at the heart of the defence . there was little to trouble either backline in the initial exchanges , as the game developed at a rather sedate pace . mccall watched it unfold pensively . clearly , what he was seeing wasn’t to his liking . his side did have flickers of threat early on , but they often owed much to fortune . andy murdoch saw a mis-hit cross clawed out by zander clark , before a similar delivery from david templeton looped fractionally over . the winger was another change to mccall’s line-up and he saw plenty of the ball before the break , without making it amount to a great deal . qots 's kidd ( left ) rangers fends off david templeton of rangers as he runs with the ball . lyle ( 2nd left ) opened the scoring following a first-half corner in the 3-0 defeat of rangers . lyle ( centre ) wheels away after putting the hosts in front with a strike on 33minutes . one neat bit of skill saw him drift infield from the left flank before thumping a shot just too high . another powerful swipe was blocked by andy dowie’s head – at the expense of ringing ears . queens had offered even less up front throughout this spell , but suddenly sprang into life to claim the lead after 33 minutes with pretty much their first serious attack . daniel carmichael swept play wide to lewis kidd who took on wallace . the ibrox left-back toppled , apparently looking for a foul that wasn’t there , allowing kidd to break into the penalty area . his cut-back found lyle , who took a touch on his left foot before dispatching a sweet finish off his right . the home fans roared approval , barely having time to draw breath before the advantage was very nearly doubled . lyle set up reilly and his daisy-cutter drew a fine stop from lee robinson at full stretch . the qots striker acknowledges the home supporters after making the score 1-0 in the first half . play continues as a flare is let off in the rangers section of the crowd at palmerston park . qots goalkeeper zander clark ensures rangers ' bilel mohsni does not find the back of the net . rangers used the shock to stir them into greater vigour . nicky clark was close with a brave effort from a darren mcgregor cross , which led to him being flattened by his namesake in the queens goal . then , after a haris vuckic corner caused uncertainty , kenny miller sent a looping header against the bar . the first half duly closed with a penalty shout from wallace after he tangled with mark durnan . referee don robertson remained unmoved . far worse followed for wallace 16 seconds after the restart as he got the final touch to his side’s second concession of the evening . kidd celebrates after forcing an own goal from rangers lee wallace immediately after the break . qots 's gavin reilly ( left ) demonstrates a calm finish to put his side 3-0 to the good . ibrox minds still appeared to be in the dressing room as reilly surged into the box and sent a low cross speeding through the six yard box . it reached kidd beyond the far post , who angled a drive back towards goal . off balance , wallace attempted to clear from the line but only succeeded in helping the ball into the net via his heel . rangers were rocking . they looked shaken by the energy of their hosts . fowler’s side seemed to be first to the ball in every area . templeton collected a booking for diving after attempting to go past durnan , but creating clear chances remained a trickier task . not long after , the winger was replaced by robbie crawford . clark saw a deflected effort held , before a mohnsi effort from distance was shuttled round the post . yet there still wasn’t a convincing edge to these attacking forays . the fluidity witnessed against hearts at the weekend had disappeared . scott hooper applauds the home support as he leaves the field followed by dejected rangers players . queens were now content to try and pick rangers off when they could . and they notched their clinching third goal after 69 minutes . holt nicked possession away from crawford and worked a little exchange that released reilly . the flag stayed down as he calmly slotted beyond robinson . rangers attempted a pride-saving late flurry but found clark in excellent form in the home goal . notable saves from vuckic and substitute kris boyd ensured mccall’s side would exit without even a sliver of consolation .