it is one of the biggest celebrations in the catholic calendar and the spanish royal family kept up their tradition of spending the easter holiday on the island of mallorca . king felipe , queen letizia and their daughters princess sofia and princess leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at palma cathedral on the balearic isle . queen letizia , 42 , teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service while her daughters wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine . smiling in the mallorcan sunshine : clockwise from left , queen sofia , king felipe , queen letizia , princess sofia and princess leonor pose for photographers at palma de mallorca cathedral . a spring breeze in the air : the family make their way into the cathedral . hundreds of people gathered to watch the spanish royals arrive at the service . it is the first time that princess leonor , 9 , and princess sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement for several months ; they are on the island for the family 's annual holiday at the marivent palace royal holiday residence . well-wishers were in their hundreds , all keen to catch a glimpse of the young princesses who have been on a break from royal duties since appearing at a military parade back in october 2014 . king felipe vi , 47 , has not yet completed a full year on the throne but looked happy to be continuing the family tradition of spending easter away from the royal residence in madrid . the family were also joined by queen sofia , who looked elegant in a grey overcoat . the former queen is reported to have landed on mallorca ahead of the rest of her family , taking time to enjoy a break with her sister irene . spring in her step : queen letizia arrives at the cathedral in mallorca 's capital . right , her elegant daughters ( from left ) princess sofia and princess leonor are the double of their mother . holy day : the family , led by king felipe , meet the cathedral 's priests ahead of the easter service . eyes forward please king felipe ! the spanish monarch waves to well-wishers in the crowd before adjusting his tie for a formal family photograph . all eyes are on them : the family take their pew in the beautiful cathedral , widely considered one the island 's biggest architectural masterpieces . meet and greet : after a period away from the spotlight , princess leonor , 9 , appeared to enjoy shaking hands with fellow attendees of the religious service . june will mark one year since king felipe ascended the throne and the royal couple have been regular visitors to mallorca since , using it for family holidays inbetween engagements . the couple have been married since 2004 with letizia enjoying a media career prior to her role as the spanish queen . after a stint at asturian daily paper , la nueva españa , she went on to work for abc , a popular national newspaper that enjoys the third largest circulation in spain .