a mother who spent months feeling unwell was horrified to discover she probably had cancer - after spotting all her symptoms on a facebook post . laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period . she also frequently needed to urinate . but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions . it was only when she stumbled across a post on her facebook timeline , which detailed all the same symptoms , that she realised it could be cancer . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread . scroll down for video . laura everley , 36 , was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on facebook describing all her symptoms . she had been suffering from bloating , back pain , constipation and frequently needing the loo . in october 2014 , mrs everley underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries . she is pictured with husband mark , and her five-year-old son , harry , before being diagnosed with cancer . after performing a hysterectomy to remove her womb as well as her ovaries , surgeons revealed the cancer had already begun to spread . mrs everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease . she hopes her story will raise awareness to the symptoms of ovarian cancer , prompting other women to see their doctor if they are worried . warning signs of the disease can be difficult to recognise , particularly in the early stages . this is because they are often the same as symptoms of other less serious conditions , such as irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) or pre-menstrual syndrome ( pms ) . mrs everley said : ' the symptoms are the same , so i thought it could have been irritable bowel syndrome . ' i went down the gluten free route but that did n't make any difference . ' the idea of cancer had n't even entered my head . you just never dream this going to happen to you . ' by early 2014 , she had been suffering with her symptoms for three months . the symptoms of ovarian cancer can be difficult to recognise , particularly in its early stages . this is because they are often the same as symptoms of other less serious conditions , such as irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) or pre-menstrual syndrome ( pms ) . however , three main symptoms are more frequent in women diagnosed with ovarian cancer . they are : other symptoms , such as back pain , needing to pass urine more frequently than usual , and pain during sex may be the result of other conditions in the pelvic area . however , they may be present in some women with ovarian cancer . source : nhs choices . idly scrolling facebook one evening , she noticed a post raising awareness of ovarian cancer . ' a friend had shared a post from a friend of theirs about her experiences of cancer and what she 'd been through , ' said mrs everley . ' there was a list of symptoms and i realised i had them all . ' i called my doctor straight away and told her that i thought i might have cancer . ' medics confirmed mrs everley had a cyst , which was removed and sent away for a biopsy . she was also referred for an internal examination , which revealed abnormalities . in october 2014 , she was called into east surrey hospital . ' i thought i was just going in for check-up so i did n't think to take anyone with me , ' she said . ' i was told i had clear cell carcinoma . ' it all sounded very medical and i had no idea what that meant . finally , it dawned on me that it was a type of ovarian cancer . ' i was on my own finding this out . it was awful . i spent ages with the macmillan nurse afterwards , sobbing in shock . ' i phoned my husband mark as soon as i came out of hospital and told him over the phone . i could n't keep it to myself , i had to tell somebody . ' having to tell my son harry was horrible . he knows i have ovarian cancer , but he 's only five so he does n't quite understand what cancer means . ' two weeks later , mrs everley met with surgeons , who gave her a heartbreaking choice – whether to have one ovary removed , or a complete hysterectomy , which would leave her unable to have more children . ' i already had harry , but i would have liked to have had more children , ' she said . ' it was difficult but i decided on the full hysterectomy – i did n't want my cancer coming back . ' afterwards doctors told me i 'd made the right choice . i had stage 1c cancer , meaning the cancer cells were n't contained in my ovary . after the hysterectomy , mrs everley underwent a course of chemotherapy , with each round leaving her sick for a week afterwards . she also lost her hair - which she says was an emotional experience . ' i 'd have needed the hysterectomy eventually anyway . ' now , mrs everley is nearing the end of her course of chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can be cured . her treatment has been gruelling , however , with each round leaving her feeling constantly sick for a week afterwards . she has also lost her hair . ' my hair started coming out in clumps , so i decided to just get a friend to shave it , ' she said . ' i did n't want to just watch it fall out . it was nice to regain a little control . ' it was a really emotional experience . my mum and dad came round and everybody cried – even my friend that was shaving my head . mrs everley has been promoting target ovarian cancer charity , hosting a coffee morning to raise money . ' my mum held my hand throughout . it was tough but i felt better afterwards . ' mrs everley has also been busy promoting target ovarian cancer , hosting a coffee morning to raise money for the charity . she is also keen for women to be more aware of the symptoms of ovarian cancer . ' i do n't think people are sure of symptoms . there 's not a definite list , they 're all a bit vague and lots of them could mean other things , ' she said . ' i think that uncertainty puts people off going to the doctors . ' there 's no screening for ovarian cancer like there is with the smear test for cervical . ' women need to know the signs because early diagnosis is the best chance of survival . ' it 's easy to dismiss and ignore symptoms , but it 's not worth the risk . ' clear cell carcinoma is normally treated with a hysterectomy operation . clear cell cancer of the ovary is an uncommon type of ovarian cancer . epithelial ovarian cancer means the cancer started in the surface layer covering the ovary . it accounts for 3 to 5 per cent of patients with ovarian cancer in the western world and 20 per cent in the far east . it is likely that the cause of clear cell cancer is different from the common variety . the prognosis for women with clear cell cancer is greatly influenced by the stage of the disease . clear cell cancer may also arise more commonly in women with a history of endometriosis . the first treatment is the same as for the common form of epithelial ovarian cancer – a hysterectomy . in some circumstances removal of the lymph glands in the pelvis and back of the abdomen may also be included . as well as removing the pelvic organs ( ovaries , fallopian tubes , uterus and omentum – the fatty tissue that covers the abdominal organs ) , fluid will be collected from the abdominal cavity for testing for any cancer cells . a pathologist will examine the tissue and fluid removed to try and decide how advanced the cancer is . some tumours are just in the ovary and so will have a better prognosis , about 20 per cent are stage 1 . however , in some cases , tumours will have spread through the outer lining ( capsule ) of the ovary and to other organs including the uterus ( womb ) , fallopian tubes , the lymph glands and the omentum . usually post-operative treatment involves chemotherapy . source : ovacome .  