a video has emerged which appears to show a deputy hitting a heavily pregnant iraq war veteran on her back during an arrest . deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home . she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband . scroll down for video . a video has emerged which appears to show a deputy hitting deanna robinson , a heavily pregnant iraq war veteran in the back at her home . robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents ' home . recalling the incident , deanna robinson said : ' i 'm 38 weeks pregnant , and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter , and with my 18-month old son watching his mother be assaulted , and him screaming in fear ' . robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing heavy bruising . there are photos of the alleged injuries on a facebook group set up by friends about her case . the march 4 video shows a group of people in the kitchen of her parents ' home - her mother is holding her son as two officers struggle with robinson . her parents ' home surveillance system records in intervals - it captured about 30 seconds of the confrontation . robinson , 38 , is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible , but is near the kitchen counter . in the video , which was posted to facebook and youtube , robinson can be heard screaming ' let go , you know i 'm pregnant . ' but then one of the officers appears to hit her with his fist and his arm raises again . the camera cuts off , but robinson , who received the air force 's highest honor , the airman 's medal , after helping drag several soldiers from a burning plane in iraq , insists he struck her about three of four more times . ' i 'm 38 weeks pregnant , and with my stomach again repeatedly pressed into that counter , and with my 18-month old son watching his mother be assaulted , and him screaming in fear , ' robinson said to wfaa . ' there 's nothing that warrants what they did to me . ' robinson is cornered and there are two officers behind her - she is not clearly visible . then one of the officers appears to hit her with his fist . in the video , which was posted to facebook and youtube , robinson can be heard screaming ' let go , you know i 'm pregnant ' . robinson ( left ) spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest , interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer . right : robinson received the air force 's highest honor , the airman 's medal , after helping drag several soldiers from a burning plane in iraq . robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest , interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer . robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing bruising . there are photos of the alleged injuries on a facebook group set up by friends about her case . six days later her son , levi was born . ' it 's ridiculous , it 's insane , ' she said to nbcdfw . ' i was handcuffed almost immediately and shoved into a corner by two giant men . i would n't have had an opportunity to assault anyone . there 's nothing to warrant what they did to me . ' pictures of robinson 's stomach taken after her release show bruises covering a portion of her stomach , reports wfaa . six days later her son , levi ( pictured ) was born . on monday hunt county sheriff randy meeks posted a statement on the department 's facebook page after the video went viral . she says cps were called as she and her husband - with who she says she has a rocky relationship - had an argument at their home . she says she went to her parent 's home with her toddler son , but her stepson , who has cerebral palsy and is in a wheelchair , told his teacher about the incident - who in turn reported it to cps . on march 3 , cps investigators removed her three stepchildren - ranging in age from six to nine - from their home . then robinson received a call from a cps investigator telling her that he wanted to talk to her about the incident as well as check up on her toddler son . but she says when they arrived , they told her they were they to take her son . she says she stepped in front of her son as she tried to close the door and put her hands up as she screamed ' no , you 're not touching my kid . ' robinson says they pushed past her as she demanded to see the paperwork and handcuffed her . her toddler is currently in temporary cps custody . levi is being cared for by her parents . on monday hunt county sheriff randy meeks posted a statement on the department 's facebook page after the video went viral . it read : ' i have become aware of an internet allegation accusing one of my deputies of improper actions . ' i have initiated an administrative investigation to determine if any policy violations occurred . ' 