real housewives of new jersey star joe giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen . giudice , who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud , lost his driver 's license and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 . he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation . his guilty plea included an 18-month sentence . scroll down for more . real housewives of new jersey star joe giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he 's ever seen . that will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes . his wife , teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges . he will begin his sentence when hers is over . superior court judge adam jacobs said joe giudice has a ' general disrespect for the law , ' citing dozens of previous driving infractions and suspensions . he said he came close to rejecting the plea deal with prosecutors but wanted to follow a federal judge 's intention to allow giudice to remain free while teresa is in jail so he can care for their four daughters . the judge permitted giudice to drive home from court but said he would be sent to jail immediately if he drove again after that . jacobs said : ' if you so much as back down your driveway ... that will constitute a violation of the conditions of your release , of your bail , and it will result in you being remanded immediately to passaic county jail , ' joe 's lawyer tried to argue that he is ' destitute ' and unable to pay the hefty fine . giudice 's lawyer tried to argue that his client is ' destitute ' and unable to pay the hefty $ 10,000 fine , but after the reality star recently got paid $ 75,000 for prison photos alongside his wife teresa , the judge refused . tough times : the 42-year-old will serve 18-months in prison which will run concurrently to the 41-months he was sentenced to last year on separate charges for bankruptcy fraud . he is pictured with teresa and their four daughters on january 4 before she started her 15-month sentence . but after his less than transparent financial history and recently getting paid $ 75,000 for prison photos alongside his wife teresa and a tell-all interview , the judge refused to lower the fine . prosecutors in passaic county said giudice used his brother 's identity to obtain a driver 's license while his own was suspended for driving while intoxicated in 2010 . the giudices pleaded guilty in the federal case in march 2014 , admitting they hid assets from bankruptcy creditors and submitted phony loan applications to get some $ 5 million in mortgages and construction loans . joe giudice also pleaded guilty to failing to pay taxes totaling more than $ 200,000 . the couple also was ordered to pay restitution of more than $ 400,000 . joe giudice is an italian citizen by birth who never became a u.s. citizen . he is expected to be deported once his prison term ends .           