the mighty boot of marcelo bosch kept the english flag flying in europe as the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty . no chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the colombes suburbs , with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition . it was the south american’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores . referee nigel owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call –penalising replacement lock fabrice metz with 10 seconds left on the clock – was the correct decision and ensured a classic finale to match bereft or flair and finesse . scenes of elation as saracens clinch victory with the last play of the match against racing metro 92 . marcelo bosch kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch saracen 's a semi-final berth . argentine bosch raises his arms aloft after being entrusted with the final kick of the game . bosch jumps into the arms of rhys gills after his successful kick as hodgson joins the celebrations . bosch is mobbed by his elated sarries team-mates after his kick sails over the posts for the win . england 's first team through to the semi-finals in the european rugby champions cup semis celebrate .  racing metro 92 : dulin , imhoff , chavancy , roberts , thomas , sexton , machenaud , ben arous , szarzewski , ducalcon , charteris , van der merwe , lauret , gerondeau , claassen . replacements : lacombe , brugnaut , mujati , metz , dubarry , phillips , goosen , dumoulin . tries : machenaud penalties : machenaud ( 2 ) conversions : nil . referee : nigel owens ( wales ) . saracens : goode , ashton , bosch , wyles , strettle , hodgson , wigglesworth , m. vunipola , george , du plessis , kruis , j. hamilton , wray , burger , b. vunipola . replacements : brits , barrington , johnston , itoje , brown , hankin , de kock , tompkins . tries : nil penalties : hodgson ( 2 ) , goode , bosch conversions : nil . ‘ the last time i kicked to win the game was when i was 21 and playing for an amateur club in argentina , ’ said bosch . ' it was from more or less the same range and it was against our clasico rivals . it was a great memory for me , but it was a long time ago . ‘ i tried to be as relaxed as possible . we had the wind in our face and i didn’t want to force it . i tried not to think about what it represented and i said , “ why not ? i can take it . ” the rest is history . with kicks like this , you’re either the hero or the bad guy - i’m happy that it went my way . ’ it was the sort of strike that was associated with ronan o’gara during his illustrious playing career with munster and ireland . the retired no 10 , now kicking coach for the top 14 side , watched helplessly from the stands of the stade olympique yves-du-manoir as the ball sailed between the posts to set up a knockout meeting with clermont in saint etienne . alex goode leaps the tackle of juan imhoff during the champions cup quarter-final outside paris . charlie hodgson kicks the first penalty of the match to give saracens a 3-0 lead . sarries full back alex goode ( centre ) evades racing 's welsh centre jamie roberts ( right ) . racing and france scrum-half maxime machenaud crosses for the only try of the first half in outer paris . clermont v saracens , stade geoffroy-guichard , st etienne , saturday , april 18 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . toulon v leinster , stade vélodrome , marseille , sunday , april 19 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . racing are a team who , in their early years , would play wearing berets and bow ties . they would drink champagne at half time but this was an abrasive and at times unabsorbing encounter , offering little to inspire the parisian painters couched on the sidelines to capture the moments of magic . the partisan home crowd were angered by two of owens’ decisions in the opening quarter , with the welshman not penalising alex goode for a block on french winger teddy thomas and scratching off a potential try for dimitri szarzewski because of a knock on . charlie hodgson kicked two first-half penalties – either side of a 27th minute try for maxime machenaud after saracens lost an attacking scrum - jim hamilton was shown a yellow card , the tourists were fortunate to go into the break with a one-point advantage . ‘ we were n't great in the first half , even though we had a very strong wind , ’ said saracens director of rugby mark mccall . ‘ we were unable to build any pressure . playing into that very strong wind and with jonny sexton playing no 10 for the opposition , being 6-5 up at half time felt like a mountain to climb .  marcelo bosch is an argentine utility back who moved to europe in 2006 to play for biarritz . he joined saracens in the 2013-14 season and has featured predominantly at centre . he is not saracens’ first-choice kicker - owen farrell , charlie hodgson and alex goode are all above him - but he has a hugely powerful strike . it’s earned him cult status with the allianz park crowd , who chant ‘ bosch , bosch , bosch’ whenever he lines up one of his kicks . as a teenager , bosch played football in buenos aires but claims that it was always his dream to play rugby in england . he married augustina last summer and they are expecting twins . bosch 's football skills aid his powerful kicking . racing metro 92 winger teddy thomas shows his speed to avoid chris wyles and escape the in-goal area . sarries ' stand-in captain hodgson places his grubber kick underneath wenceslas lauret . racing metro and ireland fly-half jonny sexton ( left ) locks horns with sarries winger david strettle . strettle is upended going for a high ball against racing 's brice dulin , who escapes a yellow card . ‘ but that 's where it turned around and i 'd say our second half performance was as courageous , brave and hard working as i 've seen . we went hunting and kept knocking them down , scrapping for absolutely everything . our rugby could have been better and it was n't a beauty of a match , but we put them under enough pressure to make some errors and give us a chance . ’ cigarette smoke filled the air and , having never previously progressed from the pool stages , the hosts looked like they were choking on the pressure . racing did most of the running but saracens edged further ahead , with goode also adding his weight to the kicking with a 47th minute penalty . wales and racing centre jamie roberts threatened in attack , but was hauled off in the 52nd minute . bosch then tackled his countryman juan imhoff just short of the line – although the pitch-length move was subsequently pulled back for a forward pass – and billy vunipola intervened with a crucial turnover to snuff out a racing attack . but saracens were unable to build upon their lead and , just past the hour mark , racing narrowed the gap thanks to three points from machenaud . a game of kick tennis ensued and the french no 9 pushed his side into the lead with his second penalty 10 minutes later . the blue and white flags were waving and the bass drum was beating but , sacrebleu , metro tried to run down the clock . then metz came flying off his feet at the crucial moment . bosch stepped up for the penalty and , after a short run up , his kick floated gracefully between the sticks . england no 8 billy vunipola fends off racing centre henri chavancy at yves du manoir stadium in colombes . sexton fires a bullet-like pass as he clears the ball from the ruck against saracens . sarries winger chris ashton gets a kick away under the tackle of argentinean juan imhoff .