everybody knows that new york is called ‘ the big apple’ , that london is known as ‘ the old smoke’ and that paris is referred to as ‘ the city of love’ – but do you know why ? some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city , some refer to the industry found in the city , some refer to the cities’ environment – there are a variety of reasons these cities have earned their unique monikers . flights company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world , finding out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic . taking a wild guess at why las vegas is often referred to as ‘ sin city’ , for example , might seem incredibly obvious - but the nickname actually came about before the las vegas was even built . in fact , it stemmed from a street known as block 16 that became famous in the early 1900s for selling alcohol and for offering prostitution . harry peters , from just the flight , told mailonline travel : ' block 16 and the surrounding area was demolished after the second world war , and las vegas as we know it today was built up around it – but the ‘ sin city’ nickname has stuck , and is still rather relevant today . ' singapore , or ‘ lion city’ , is another interesting one . ‘singapura’ literally translates to ‘ lion city’ but the reason for the name came about as the founder , sir stamford raffles , supposedly saw a merlion – a mix between a mermaid and a lion – despite lions not even being native to the city at all . some nicknames come from terms journalists have used to describe the city and some , such as dallas being known as ‘ big d’ , don’t quite have the same history to them . las vegas is known as sin city now for it 's gambling and temptation - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes . the history of philadelphia is recognised by its nickname of ' the city of brotherly love ' . english quaker william penn founded the city in 1682 and wanted it to be a place of harmony and substance . amsterdam in the netherlands is known for its great number of canals , and so even if you did n't know , you could understand why it is known as ' the venice of the north . ' venice , however is n't known as ' the amsterdam of the south ' . the northeastern city has the tag ' the bride of the sea , ' that relates to a ceremony where the doge ( leader ) throws a ring into the sea so that venice is ' married . ' and paris might be known as ' the city of love ' for its romantic architecture and stunning landmarks , but it is tagged ' the city of light ' after it became the first in europe to use electric street lamps .