the funeral for tragic nsw teacher stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra , and the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra and will be conducting wednesday’s funeral service . he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . ‘ the funeral will take place next wednesday , but everything else has yet to be confirmed . i’ll be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details , ’ reverend williams told daily mail australia . stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday . her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park . a picture of stephanie as a little girl with her father robert was posted on facebook by her sister kim . last saturday ms scott 's father robert ( left ) , mother merrilyn ( centre ) and sister robyn ( right ) were among those gathered at a memorial service for her at mountford park , leeton . ms scott 's distraught fiance aaron leeson-woolley attends the memorial service in mountford park . ‘ i know stephanie’s father relatively well through the time that he taught at the local canowindra high school . 'it’s going to be a very difficult time for everyone , especially for the young people in town who knew her well . ’ reverend williams was also yet another person who sang the praises of the young teacher whose heart-breaking tale has gripped australia in recent weeks . ‘ she was vice-captain of canowindra high school and worked at the local swimming pool when she was younger , ' reverend williams told daily mail australia . another facebook picture shows stephanie having a good time with her friends . mr leeson-woolley and ms scott were due to be married last saturday . ms scott was a popular teacher at leeton high school where students paid homage to her . ' she also worked at the local supermarket , so she was well known by everyone here from a young age . ‘ throughout this time stephanie was always known for her friendly disposition and she was always friendly with anyone that she met . ‘ i met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl . the community both here in canowindra and in leeton will be out in force to say their goodbyes on wednesday . ’ ms scott 's father , robert scott ( centre ) , is comforted by family members at the mountford park service . mr leeson-woolley ( right ) was a forlorn figure at the mountford park memorial last saturday in leeton . less than a week before her wedding the leeton high school teacher went missing on easter sunday . the 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer , vincent stanford went on regular camping trips . school cleaner stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in june . a nsw health spokeswoman told daily mail australia that ms scott’s body was still undergoing tests on thursday . mr leeson-wooley and ms scott pictured together in much happier times . as a moving tribute to the murdered teacher , women in leeton and elsewhere hung wedding dresses on their front doors . yellow balloons are released into the air at the memorial service for ms scott in leeton . the town of canowindra is 317km west of sydney or three hours’ drive from leeton . canowindra is located near cowra in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire . a genuine country town , in the 2011 census , canowindra and the surrounding area had a population of 2,381 . the name of the town is derived from an aboriginal word meaning ' a home ' . it is also popularly known as the balloon capital of australia . 