liverpool manager brendan rodgers had his conviction for neglecting a rental property quashed , it has emerged . the anfield boss was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . the court confirmed the conviction when approached yesterday . however , hyndburn borough council , which took the action , said in a subsequent statement that both rodgers and co-owner judith o'hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in accrington to rot , but subsequently had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons . rodgers was originally told to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish from the garden . mark hoyle , head of regeneration and housing , said : ' brendan rodgers and judith o’hagan were convicted in their absence of failing to comply with a notice served on them by the council pursuant to s79 building act , contrary to s 99 of that act . ' however the case against them both was overturned under section 14 magistrates courts act 1980 at blackburn magistrates court on the 28th april 2014 in the case of brendan rogers , and on the 9th july 2014 in the case of miss o’hagan , as neither mr rodgers or miss o’hagan had received the court summons . ' the pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish , but the house was left to rot . both rodgers and o'hagan , who bought the property in august 2007 , were absent when found guilty at blackburn magistrates ' court . they were ordered to both pay a £400 fine and £375 costs , with a £40 surcharge . the house is located in an area of accrington which is undergoing a £13million regeneration project to sort out over 200 derelict empty properties . an improvement notice , as served to rodgers and o'hagan , requires a landlord to carry out work to deal with a hazard associated with a property . if the landlord does not do the work , or ' reasonable progress ' is not made , the local authority can carry out work itself and claim the costs back from the landlord . they were convicted in december 2013 of failing to comply with an enforcement notice under section 79 of the building act 1984 . rodgers is also believed to own properties in london , near his former club reading , and in northern ireland . rodgers has a contract with liverpool until 2018 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .