the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women 's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june . the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue . but striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative . ' the black and white are different from anything we 've ever had before , ' she said , before adding , ' you know it 's not a lot of red , white and blue in the white one because they wanted a clean look . i think it stands out in the fact that it is clean and just simple and i love that . ' scroll down for video . ( left to right : ) tobin heath , alex morgan and sydne leroux of the usa women 's soccer team pose . t he usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june . there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to use a black and white colour scheme . nike spokesperson and global creative director martin lotti explained , ' we always design home and away as one story , so the focus was on the blue with some of the red ( for the away ) , and then the focus on the home was white . ' if you look at it traditionally , actually , all the home kits are always white . so we 're actually not changing the history . in face we are being authentic to the history where it 's always a white kit . ' nike have opted to put the focus of the new kit on the feet first and worked their way up . the neon yellow socks or ' volt ' in nike parlance are aimed to draw attention to the bright blue cleats . ' it 's the first time as well that ( the kit ) is fully integrated , so going from the boot right to the sock , then it fades from the volt into the white kit , ' lotti said , ' it 's a real head-to-toe look . ' the usa women 's team kick off their world cup campaign against australia on june 8 with a group match in winnipeg , manitoba . some people have questioned the decision to abandon the usa 's traditional red , white and blue colours . usa player tobin heath poses with a mannequin at the launch of the new kit in los angeles on wednesday .