an online fitness and diet star is facing court action over an unpaid $ 300,000 tax debt . ashy bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bines bikini body challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago , the gold coast bulletin reports . the debts , which were due last may , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest . scroll down for video . ashy bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bines bikini body challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago . court documents show the tax office launched action in november and has since lodged an application to liquidate abbbc pty ltd - the company behind ms bines ' bikini body challenge program . the case will be heard in a brisbane court next friday with pilot partners already consenting to be liquidators if the tax office wins . ms bines and her husband steven evans have reportedly sold their shares in abbbc to platinum investment group - a second company they are members and shareholders of . the fitness queen gave up her title as director of abbbc just six months after they first started in april 2012 . her husband remained as the sole director of the company . but mr evans handed directorship of abbbc to business associate levi walz in january . mr evans is currently locked in a court battle with rival fitness guru emily anderson . the gold coast model and body builder is suing mr evans for $ 500,000 for allegedly using her money for his other businesses and failing to promote hers effectively . court documents show the tax office launched action in november and has since lodged an application to close down abbbc pty ltd - the company behind ms bines ' bikini body challenge program . ms bines and her husband steven evans reportedly sold their shares in abbbc to platinum investment group - a second company they are members and shareholders of . ms anderson launched her company ' emily skye 30 day 2 shred ' in february 2013 with steven evans as a joint director . he allegedly made contact with ms anderson via facebook in 2013 to propose a business partnership , promising to ' make something ' of her like he did with his wife ashy . ms anderson 's company is seeking damages against mr evans for up to $ 501,619 for allegedly spending the business ' money on personal items and expenses relating to other businesses . one of the payments listed in the court claim includes $ 2,500 paid to the ashy bines bikini body challenge , the gold coast bulletin reported at the time . it comes after sydney personal trainer allie dodds said last week that ms bines had used her recipes in a $ 100 e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book . the fitness queen gave up her title as director of abbbc just six months after they first started in april 2012 . it comes after ms bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her clean eating diet plan had been stolen . ms dodds regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business , the sweet sweat , in september 2013 . she said ms bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her facebook fan base and she agreed . ' i thought , that was ok she 's going to share a couple of my recipes , give me some credit and that was it , ' she told daily mail australia . but she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of ms bines ' clean eating recipe book . ms bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her clean eating diet plan had been stolen . she said it happened because she ' outsourced ' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist . it comes after a sydney personal trainer revealed last week ms bines had used her recipes in a $ 100 e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book . ms bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her clean eating diet plan had been stolen .                 