almost a third of teachers have suffered online bullying at the hands of parents in the last year , a survey suggests . families are using social media to post obscenities , threats , offensive photos , sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers . around 30 per cent of teachers said they had been the subject of parents’ abusive internet posts . a study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents - and that this type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year . and the poll found that bullying by parents is on the rise , accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year . the survey , by teachers’ union nasuwt , reveals a disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using facebook and twitter to intimidate staff . one teacher said they had been sworn at by a parent online over a pe lesson , while a female dance teacher said she had been called a ‘paedophile’ for wanting to film a performance . others said they had received insults from parents about their appearance and weight , with one told she was ugly and her ‘ husband could do better than her’ . of those harassed online by parents , 15 per cent had threats made against them , compared to seven per cent in 2014 . the poll also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year . around eight per cent saw allegations of inappropriate behaviour with students , six per cent saw videos or photos taken without consent and three per cent were told they had behaved inappropriately towards parents . the poll of 1,500 teachers also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year – increasing from 21 per cent to 60 per cent . nasuwt general secretary chris keates said : ‘ it is deeply worrying to see that the abuse of teachers has risen by such a huge margin this year . ' equally concerning is that it appears that more parents are the perpetrators of the abuse . ’ he added : ‘ the vile , insulting and personal comments are taking their toll on teachers’ health and wellbeing and undermining their confidence to do their job . ’ the survey found that many teachers had received racist , sexist and homophobic remarks online – with one teacher called a ‘wog’ by a pupil and others called ‘lesbian’ and ‘slut’ . and teachers said that 60 per cent of the abusive comments online had been written by pupils . over half of the pupils responsible for abuse were aged between 14 and 16 , while 38 per cent were aged between 11 and 14 , the teachers’ poll found . one teacher received the comment ‘ i hope she gets cancer’ , while a heavily pregnant worker was sworn at , called ‘ fat whore’ and ‘ugly’ . another said they had been harassed for seven months by pupils who sent sexually explicit messages and set up a fake social media account in their name . a number of teachers reported pupils had used their identity to set up bogus facebook profiles and post sexually inappropriate messages . one man only found out months afterwards and feared it could be used to ‘ smear him’ and destroy his career . just under a third of bullied teachers did not report the incidents to their school or to police . mrs keates went on to say : ‘ while there has been some improvement in action taken on reported abuse , there are still too many cases where no appropriate action is taken and teachers are being left devastated , humiliated and traumatised . ’ the union called for the next government to require schools to adopt a zero-tolerance approach to online abuse and use all sanctions available to address any bullying of staff . some of the most disturbing examples of online abuse from parents include : a female attacked by parents for her appearance and the size of her nose . she was told she was ‘ugly’ and ‘ her husband could do better’ . another was called ‘rubbish’ , with a mother incorrectly claiming that she had ‘ tried to kill her daughter’ by making her do pe without an inhaler . a parent posted comments saying that a female dance teacher was ‘ a paedophile’ for videoing performances . a teacher was sworn at and told he was ‘pathetic’ for asking a pupil to replace equipment he had broken . family members falsely accused a teacher of having sex with pupils – making him fear for his career .