a california mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba . sybil meister firmly believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013 . reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . by october 2014 , reef would be dead . she was 20-years-old . tragic : koral reef , left , was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart . the 20-year-old temecula , california woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare , deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection . now her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of balamuthia mandrillaris , for which there is no proven treatment . ' they said , ''oh , she 's having withdrawal from her birth control ; it 's a migraine . '' they gave her medicine and sent her home and then she progressively got worse , ' meister recalled in an interview with kntv . that was in 2013 and the family could n't possibly have foreseen the horrors ahead . after all , koral had just married her high school sweetheart corey pier . in fact , the attractive young couple were barely even out of high school when the trouble began . ' she started with the headaches , the stiff neck , the sensitivity to light and heat was bad , ' meister said . according to the press enterprise , the symptoms steadily worsened . over the course of months , once-healthy koral began to regularly experience blurred vision , lethargy and mood changes . terrible decline : reef 's family believes she picked up the rare balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a may 2013 trip to lake havasu . balamuthia infection is very rare . the balamuthia amoebas can infect the skin , sinuses , brain and other organs of the body . therefore , balamuthia infection can cause a wide range of symptoms . disease can begin with a skin wound on the face , trunk , or limbs and can then progress to the brain where it cause a disease called granulomatous amebic encephalitis .  diagnosis of balamuthia gae can be difficult , but some early symptoms may include : • headaches . • stiff neck or head and neck pain with neck movement . • sensitivity to light . • nausea . • vomiting . • lethargy ( tiredness ) . • low-grade fever . other signs of balamuthia gae may include : • behavioral changes . • seizures . • weight loss . • partial paralysis . • speech difficulties . • difficulty walking . source : cdc . ' balamuthia 's mortality rate is very , very high . only 13 percent of patients survive without any type of treatment , ' dr. navaz karanjia , director of neurocritical care at uc san diego . some 200 cases have been identified worldwide since 1993 . most cases are reported among the young , old or otherwise immunocompromised . california saw 12 cases between 1990 and 2011 . nine of those cases were fatal . deadly : at left , the balamuthia mandrillaris amoeba is seen in its cystic phase . at right , the deadly brain-eating organism is seen in its active stage . a scan of her brain in september revealed what doctors first thought might be cancer . a test revealed it was balamuthia mandrillaris . ' they told us there is no real treatment for this , ' said pier . ' i broke down and i was freaking out . i did n't want to tell her . she would n't remember anyway . she was there , but she was n't there . it was just eating away at her brain . ' within weeks , half her body was paralyzed . then she stopped responding to her family . doctors tried administering the investigational drug miltefosine , but it was too late . reef died october 20 . meister has now embarked on a campaign to teach others about the water- and soil-borne infection . ' we 're reaching out to people trying to raise awareness because i do n't think people understand how serious it can be . it 's deadly , ' she told kntv . she 's created team koral reef gofundme and facebook pages to help the cause . reef would not be the first person to die from an amoebic infection after swimming in lake havasu , but she would be the first to die form this particular form of the single-cell organism , which authorities say has not been documented in the arizona lake . lake havasu ? reef 's family firmly believes she picked up the amoeba in lake havasu ( pictured ) in may 2013 . the arizona lake is known to harbor a different deadly amoeba , naegleria fowleri , but not the type found in reef 's brain . horrific : reef married her high school sweetheart in july 2013 and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . by october 2014 , reef would be dead . she was 20-years-old . ' they told us there is no real treatment for this , ' recalled reef 's young widower . ' i broke down and i was freaking out . i did n't want to tell her . she would n't remember anyway . she was there , but she was n't there . it was just eating away at her brain ' . fourteen-year-old aaron evans died from an infection caused by naegleria fowleri that his family believed he picked up from the lake . naegleria fowleri is known to live in the lake and other warm fresh waterways . in 2007 , officials at lake havasu responded by posting signs around the waterway warning of the potential -- albeit rare -- danger . meister says the signs are n't enough . ' that sign makes the amoeba out to be some cute little fish that may cause a rash , ' meister told pe.com . ' that does n't scream danger . that screams ''have fun but be careful because there may be some amoeba in the lake that may be dangerous . '' it should read ''swim at your own risk . ' '' speaking out : reef 's mother sybil meister , left , now wants to educate the world on the little-known danger of balamuthia mandrillaris . meister says the signs posted around lake havasu warning of the dangers of amoebas are n't enough . ' that sign makes the amoeba out to be some cute little fish that may cause a rash , ' meister said .  