a 17-year-old boy who was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop had aspirations of going on britain 's got talent , his heartbroken mother has revealed . speaking for the first time since jordan brennan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , kim reveals how her son was a ' cheeky chappy ' and ' lots of fun ' , and would ' dance and sing all the time . he was a real show off ' . however , the 43-year-old mother-of-five , from gorton , manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying : ' there is no justice at all . ' jordan 's heartbroken mum , kim , 43 , said : ' jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it . ' she told of how her son longed to go on britain 's got talent , and how he had made a recording of an ed sheeran song . jordan brennan was attacked in september last year , as he left his local shop . ' his favourite question was : ' have you got £1 mum ? ' . in tribute , his mother kim says they all threw a pound coin into his grave for him . jordan was attacked in september 2014 , after breaking into the dance made famous by south korean artist psy , but it enraged the other boy , 16 , who thought his south east asian ethnicity was being mocked . after claiming jordan bumped into him as he spun round , the 16-year old attacker tried to stop the victim and ordered him to apologise - but the pair became involved in a tussle . as they struggled , jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the concrete floor below . college student jordan got to his feet and walked home not realising he had suffered a serious head injury in the bust up . he was found lifeless in bed at 9am the following morning when kim tried to raise him for breakfast . tests showed he had suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on the brain . at manchester crown court in march , the killer , now 17 , was jailed for eight months . speaking about the incident for the first time , kim said : ' his six-year-old sister had taught him a new dance on the day he died , and he was showing off in his local shop , in high spirits , which was typical of him . ' speaking about the incident for the first time , kim said of jordan : ' his six-year-old sister had taught him a new dance on the day he died , and he was showing off in his local shop , in high spirits , which was typical of him . ' ' he always sang in front of the mirror and he loved admiring himself , ' kim brennan ( right ) said of her son ( left ) , who she added loved dancing and showing off . she told of how her son longed to go on britain 's got talent , and how he had made a recording of an ed sheeran song . ' he loved dancing to ' gangnam style ' and the shuffle , but that day , it cost him his life , ' she said . she said that jordan was a typical teenager , a keen footballer and fisherman , who loved girls , music , singing and fashion . kim said : ' jordan was a really cheeky chappy . he was lots of fun ; he loved music and dancing and when gangnam style was released , he loved it . he would dance and sing all the time . he was a real show-off . ' he always sang in front of the mirror and he loved admiring himself . ' his favourite question was : `` have you got £1 mum ? `` . in tribute , we all threw a pound coin into his grave for him . it broke my heart . ' kim said jordan , pictured holding his baby sister , always sang in front of the mirror and loved admiring himself . his mother kim says she went to the local shop in gorton , manchester to see what had happened . the shop owner confirmed jordan had been dancing the shuffle and ' gangnam style ' before he was attacked by a stranger who had then disappeared . jordan 's mum , kim , says the killer 's eight month sentence is an insult to her son 's memory . on the day that jordan died in september last year , his little sister , millie , six , had taught him to do a dance called ' the shuffle ' . kim said : ' the pair of them were dancing in the kitchen and they had me in stitches laughing . ' millie kept saying to him : `` do n't bend your knees '' . ' eventually , he got the hang of it and he and millie were messing around and laughing . ' early in the evening , jordan went out with his friend , lewis . kim said : ' jordan came back and said that someone in the local shop had hit him because he was dancing . he was rubbing his neck so i checked him over thoroughly but he seemed fine . ' he seemed a bit tipsy and i told him off and said he 'd have a hangover in the morning . ' it was only after he died that i found out he was n't tipsy at all - he had a head injury . i just presumed , like a typical 17-year-old , he had sneaked a couple of drinks . ' i torture myself that i did n't take him to hospital . ' kim herself went to the local shop to see what had happened , and the shop owner confirmed jordan had been dancing the shuffle and gangnam style before he was attacked by a stranger who had then disappeared . kim said : ' jordan seemed ok , he ate dinner and went to bed but was sick during the night . again , i thought it was perhaps alcohol , and so i cleaned him up , helped him change his pyjamas , and he went back to sleep . ' i looked in on him again when i went to the toilet at around 3am and he was fine . ' but at 8.30am , when kim and her daughter millie went to wake him , jordan was dead . kim said : ' millie and me went into his room as usual ; she was full of beans and she was armed with a deodorant because she always complained that jordan 's feet smelled . jordan 's family and friends walk past the funeral procession . jordan 's mother kim said she knew there was something wrong when she found him lying in bed . pictured , friends and family at his funeral . ' but i knew , from one look at his face , that there was something dreadfully wrong . ' kim called an ambulance as she frantically tried to resuscitate her son . police inquiries revealed that jordan had been attacked as he left the shop , with his killer pushing , pulling and kicking him , causing him to fall twice , banging his head on metal shutters and again on the pavement . kim said : ' i had to move out of the house whilst forensics took over . it was horrendous . millie kept asking for her big brother . our whole family was devastated . ' a now 17-year-old youth was charged with murder , but prosecutors accepted a guilty plea to manslaughter , concluding he could not be proven he intended to kill . the court heard the ' flashpoint ' for the fatal incident was jordan ' dancing and making reference to ' gangnam style ' . the attacker claimed he took the remarks as ' racist ' and ' mocking ' because of his ethnicity . but prosecutor rob hall said jordan may simply have been ' in high spirits and exuberant ' and that he was of good character and there was nothing at all to suggest his actions were racist . the youth was jailed for just eight months , leaving kim and her family devastated . kim said : ' for the killer to say he took jordan 's dance as racist or offensive is disgusting . jordan was just dancing , as he always did , regardless of who was watching . ' jordan was killed because he had a sense of fun , that 's all there is to it . it 's a disgrace that his killer is allowed to say such things when my son is n't here to talk for himself . ' there is no justice at all . the sentence is an insult to jordan 's memory . '