six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in melbourne 's southwest . the 39-year-old man , reported to be a father of six , was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday . the herald sun reports that the man was known on facebook under the nickname karl kay . he died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . scroll down for video . the shooting victim , reportedly known as karl kay on facebook , is pictured ( left ) with rapper eve . the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway . homicide detective sergeant sol solomon said while no eyewitnesses to the shooting had come forward , neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired . “ he received emergency treatment but unfortunately died at the scene , ” he said . police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police . the man 's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation , detective solomon says . homicide detective sergeant sol solomon said no eyewitnesses to the shooting had come forward . police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang-related . homicide detectives and critical incident response police cordoned off altona meadows and the lewin court area . ballistics experts combed the man 's silver sedan for forensic evidence , as dozens of family and friends arrived at the house . no one has been arrested over the shooting . police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang-related . friends paid tribute to the man on facebook . ‘ may god bless you . oh god , amen , ’ said friend abo issam . the man’s mother , who was ‘ extremely traumatised’ , was taken to a local police station to help detectives with their ­investigation . ballistics experts combed the man 's silver sedan for forensic evidence at altona meadows . neighbours told the herald sun they still felt safe despite the shooting . ‘ i don’t know how to take it . it’s a little bit daunting , especially when you’ve got young children . i don’t think we’re in any harm . it’s a vendetta i believe , ’ one father said . another neighbour said : ‘ they have their parties and late-night gatherings but never any trouble . they seem friendly enough . ’ homicide detectives and critical incident response police cordoned off the area .