manchester united winger ashley young is adamant that the club will be challenging for the premier league title once more next season . the red devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager sir alex ferguson in may 2013 . after finishing seventh last season , their lowest position since in the premier league era , united currently sit third in the table this term - 11 points behind leaders chelsea . manchester united winger ashley young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season . despite their large deficit to the blues , current united boss louis van gaal has restored some of the club 's old vigour under ferguson that was lost during david moyes ' ill-fated reign . prior to their 1-0 defeat at chelsea on april 18 , the old trafford outfit had reeled off six successive league victories - including impressive triumphs over top four rivals tottenham , liverpool and manchester city . and young believes that after a slow start under van gaal the fruits of his labour are finally paying off at united - which will see the club compete for their first league title in three seasons , next year . ' you do n't manage the team he has managed without having that big , bold personality . he wants to be successful . he wants every detail spot on , ' young said about the 63-year-old in an exclusive interview with the guardian . the 29-year-old ( right ) has played a prominent role for united this season under louis van gaal . ' as players , you want to be challenged and that 's exactly what he does ; he challenges us every single day . it was always going to take time , but it is all starting to come together . ' if you look at the last run of games , even last week against chelsea when on another day we would have scored two or three goals , we will definitely be back challenging for the title next season . ' young 's united career has been revitalised under van gaal this season - with the 29-year-old playing a prominent role in the dutchman 's starting line-up . young has praised van gaal 's ( right ) managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club . the england international has combined brilliantly of late with daley blind and maraoune fellaini , down the left-hand side of the united team - something the former aston villa star admits he has relished . ' thats 's been brilliant , the three of us playing in those triangles and the same the other side with antonio [ valencia ] , ander [ herrera ] and juan [ mata ] , ' young added . ' there are some cool heads there , and a lot of players who are now playing with more composure , not scared to give each other the ball , or play it in tight spaces . ' young ( front ) also believes united are playing with more composure than they were at the start of the season .