a woman who weighs 400lbs has told how men are paying her around $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) a month to let them watch her devour fast food and sugary treats on camera . new yorker sarah reign , 26 , describes herself as a ' feedee ' , who gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers . after working shifts as a security guard at a factory , miss reign disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam . happy to be a ' feedee ' : sarah reign , from new york , supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat . miss reign , who weighs 26 stone , says she enjoyed eating so much , she decided to turn it into a job . she says fans love to watch her enjoying food ; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter , acts that can earn her around $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) a month in addition to her regular pay . after realising that her weight could become a lucrative sideline for her , she set about gaining more and is now six stone heavier than before she started . she says : ' i really enjoy eating . no one at work knows my secret . it felt awkward eating on camera at first as fans love to watch you chewing every mouthful . ' but i eat so much anyway i thought it 'd be fun to do it on cam . i just keep eating until i 'm full . ' her new career has also led her to the world of ' squashing ' , where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person . she says of her first squashing experience : ' it was awkward but i got really into it . ' miss reign says that she wo n't sit on anyone naked though , always keeping her underwear on . sarah reign says her fans love to watch her enjoying food . the men who watch miss reign 's videos love to see the plus-size entertainer chowing down on junk food . ' i wo n't do nude squashing , ' she vowed . ' i just wear a vest top and tiny shorts . ' the security guard adds that she has always been large and that her weight has never been an issue for her . in fact , in 2008 , aged 20 and weighing 20 stone , she celebrated her figure by posting glamour shots of herself online in skimpy clothing . how did this sideline come to pass ? miss reign joined a site for bigger women who like to flaunt their shape , she soon had plenty of male attention . ' it 's such an ego boost , ' she admitted . ' so many of them wanted to see me eat on camera , i thought , ' why not ? ' after a period of using web cams for feeders , she then set up her own video channel . ' it 's sexy to be big , ' she said . ' i really enjoy eating on camera so i started gaining weight on purpose . ' i 've put on six stone since i started . ' lots of men want to feed me so much i ca n't move anymore , but that 's not my thing . i still want to be active and do my day job . ' the security guard admits she 's a ' clean freak ' and puts underwear covered in food straight into the washing machine when the camera is turned off . squashing : miss reign now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady . her lingerie drawer is overflowing with different outfits but the most common request is for miss reign to dress up as a pig . ' i have a piggy nose and ears that i wear and eat really messily in , covering my face with chocolate . ' but when the camera 's off , i 'm a clean freak and put my bra and the towels i use to cover the floor straight in the washing machine . ' sometimes i take the camera into the shower and film myself getting clean , that 's really sexy . ' although she had plenty of requests for squashing sessions , she did not take the plunge until three years ago . ' i had so many men ask , but there was a guy who lived nearby who wanted to try it , ' miss reign said . ' the first time , i watched some videos the night before to prepare but nothing phases me . ' when i got to the hotel it was weird at first and it 's hard not to laugh . ' he lay down on the bed and i climbed on top of him . but i got into it really quickly . ' for the hour session , i was crushing him the whole time . ' cashing in : with a lowly paid job in new york as a security guard , miss reign can boost her income by $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) a month . miss reign has had eight squashing clients and some of them will not admit they love big women . ' a lot of them are in the fat closet , ' she joked . ' they say how thin their girlfriends are and they 're obviously worried they 'll be the butt of their friends ' jokes if they admit they love fat girls . ' but there 's also men who want women to do stuff like this but most girls wo n't believe them that they think fat is sexy . ' they 're self-conscious and want to look slimmer , not embrace their shape . ' one of her other sidelines is posting out her lacy pants after they 've been worn . she has had long-term boyfriends since she started being a part-time squasher . ' it 's not been an issue for them . some of them have watched the videos , some of them have n't , ' she said . ' most of them have really supported me and did n't care . ' i 'm single right now , but i would n't rule out going on a date with an online fan . ' i have men ask all the time , it 's more that it 's not practical and they 're in other countries . i have lots of fans in the uk and germany . ' ' but if they were from the us , i would never say never . '