mother-of-two anna tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning , pictured with her son harry . patients’ lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival , experts have warned . sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 – more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined . now a snapshot nhs study reveals that on one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital , 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment , involving a simple set of lifesaving measures known as sepsis six . after high-profile campaigns in 2013 which exposed the shocking death rates , the method was officially recommended by nhs england . yet an audit , revealed at the annual president’s meeting of the royal college of surgeons of edinburgh in march , showed that vital steps in the process are being missed , meaning the condition was more likely to take hold with fatal consequences . the college is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem . sepsis six involves blood tests to check for infection ; testing the level of lactate , a chemical produced when cells are starved of oxygen ; giving oxygen and iv fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure ; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function ; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection . the study of 23 patients with sepsis at edinburgh royal infirmary revealed just one in ten had their lactate levels tested . only 40 per cent were given oxygen , and staff failed to measure urine output in nearly a third of cases . dr ron daniels , chief executive of the uk sepsis trust who helped devise sepsis six , warns that , despite being a small sample , the finding of the study was far from unusual . ‘ sadly this and other studies show patients are not getting access to a treatment that saves lives . every one of the six steps is vitally important , and nothing should be missed out . ’ some 90 per cent of patients were not given correct treatment to prevent blood poisoning on a surgical ward at edinburgh royal infirmary , an nhs study revealed . sepsis occurs when the immune system overreacts to an infection , causing multiple organ failure if not treated quickly . it can be triggered by an infection in any part of the body , most commonly the lungs , urinary tract , abdomen and pelvis . it is often a problem that develops while in hospital , after surgery . those with pre-existing conditions such as diabetes or cancer are at increased risk . symptoms include slurred speech , muscle pain , mottled or discoloured skin , poor urine output and severe breathlessness . ‘ delays in the identification and treatment of sepsis can have serious consequences for patients , ’ says dr seng wong , who carried out the edinburgh audit . his research also found sepsis six awareness improved after a three-month staff training and a poster campaign . more than half of subsequent patients had their lactate measured , 60 per cent were given oxygen and 90 per cent had their urine measured . mother-of-two anna tilley knows only too well the importance of staff awareness . four days after anna developed a sore throat , aches and pains and a high temperature , she was hallucinating , had a mottled rash and was struggling to breathe . ‘ my parents carried me to the doctor’s and insisted my gp call an ambulance , ’ says anna . ‘ at a & e i waited four hours in a side room . although i had typical symptoms of sepsis , none of the doctors recognised i was dying . ’ the 26-year-old from west sussex says she was just hours from death when a quick-thinking doctor spotted the danger signs . anna spent four days in intensive care on oxygen and antibiotics after her liver , kidneys and pancreas all failed . ‘ i later learned that without treatment , i would have died in my sleep that night , ’ anna adds . ‘ awareness needs to be raised of this awful condition , which takes so many lives . ’ 