newly-discovered medical records have finally revealed the fate of pre-raphaelite artist dante gabriel rossetti 's muse fanny cornforth and how she died a tragic , death penniless death . the details of where and how the west-sussex born model and mistress of rossetti died remained a mystery for years until her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records . they revealed the orange-haired beauty - whose face graced many of her lover 's paintings - died in the sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia . rossetti 's famous painting aurelia ' fazio 's mistress ' ( pictured ) was a portrait of his muse fanny cornforth . fair rosamund , painted in 1861 ( left ) , and 1886 's lady lilith ( right ) also used cornforth as the model . the records revealed she died at the graylingwell hospital on february 24 , 1909 , at the age of 74 . at the time of her death , she was suffering from ' senile mania , confusion , weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation , a poor memory and sleeplessness ' , the guardian reported . born sarah cox in 1835 , she met rossetti in 1958 and was considered one of his ' stunners ' - a reference to the women he kept in his company as lovers and models . she went on to pose for at least 60 of his artworks . art historian kirsty stonell walker used the records from graylingwell hospital in chichester , now stored at the west sussex records office , to track down her resting site and lay flowers at her unmarked grave . ms stonell walker told the guardian : ' it is a very sad story , but the hospital was not a terrible place , it actually had a very progressive approach towards mental illness . ' she was buried with a few other people , but not exactly in a pauper 's grave . ' rossetti was the son of italian scholar gabriele pasquale giuseppe rossetti and his wife frances polidori . he was born in london in 1828 and is known for his painting , illustrating , translating and poetry . he founded the pre-raphaelite brotherhood in 1848 with contemporaries william holman hunt and john everett millais . his most famous paintings include beata beatrix , the girlhood of mary virgin , how they met themselves . dante gabriel rossetti was one of the most well-known founding members of the pre-raphelites group . the pre-raphelites were a group of english artists who formed a ' brotherhood ' in 1848 , dedicated to creating work that rejected the mannered approach adopted by raphael and other renaissance painters . believing raphael , michelangelo and leonardo had proven a corrupting influence on art , they wanted to return to the intense colour and detailed compositions that characterised 15th century italian art . founded by william holman hunt , john everett millais and dante gabriel rossetti , the trio later welcomed rossetti 's brother , william , james collinson , frederic george stephens and thomas woolner to their circle .  