he is regarded as the next big thing in south american football and he 's coming to the premier league . chelsea are set to confirm the £4.5m signing of nathan allan de souza on wednesday , beating rivals manchester city to his signature . the dazzling brazilian attacking midfielder , who turned 19 last month , arrives from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation . scroll down to watch video of chelsea 's new signing nathan in action . chelsea are set to announce the £4.5million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan . nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical . he said : ' very happy ! ! ! in london to sign my contract with chelsea and take tests ' . full name : nathan allan de souza . born : 13 march 1996 in blumenau , brazil . position : attacking midfield . clubs : atletico paranaense ( 2014-15 ) - 13 appearances , 0 goals . chelsea ( 2015- ) - signed april 2015 . international : brazil u17 - 6 caps , 5 goals . brazil u20 - 5 caps , 0 goals . nathan will add to the samba feel at stamford bridge , joining compatriots willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar . and he should have plenty to offer jose mourinho 's side on the evidence of his highlights reel for his club and the brazilian youth teams . the youtube compilations certainly offer enough to get chelsea fans excited - there are lightning-fast runs through opposition defences , pinged long balls to the forward line and a promising knack of getting into goalscoring positions . most of the best bits come from the 2013 fifa under 17 world cup , the tournament that first alerted the premier league elite to nathan 's talents . although brazil only reached the quarter-finals of the competition , nathan scored five goals and demonstrated his full potential . he found the net twice in a 6-1 rout of slovakia and scored two more as the hosts uae were beaten by the same scoreline . nathan is brought down by martin junas of slovakia to win a penalty during the under 17 world cup in 2013 . the young midfielder made his name while starring for brazil at the tournament two years ago in abu dhabi . nathan shows his strength by shrugging off the challenge of russia 's dimitriy barinov . in the last eight , he scored an 85th-minute equaliser in a 1-1 draw with mexico , before converting in the marathon penalty shootout , which brazil ultimately lost 10-11 . his classy performances earned him a spot in the fifa team of the tournament and a star was born . at that time , nathan was playing for the atletico paranaense under 19 side . the club is based in curitiba , a city about three hours ' drive from his hometown of blumenau . but those performances out in the middle east put the rocket boosters on his career , with promotion into the first-team squad at his club and advancement to the brazil under 20 team , for whom he has played five times . chelsea will soon boast another brazilian in their ranks to add to the likes of willian ( left ) and oscar ( right ) . nathan will join ramires ( right , in action against qpr last sunday ) as the fifth brazilian in the squad . nathan will not be ready to throw into the chelsea first-team right away . he has n't yet completed a full 90 minutes for paranaense , with the majority of his 11 appearances in the campeonato brasileiro serie a coming from the bench . leaving brazil will come as something of a relief for nathan and , in particular , his family following an ugly contract dispute with the brazilian club . with his contract due to expire this month , the club informed nathan 's father and agent , jose carlos de souza , they wished to trigger a clause to keep him for another two years . nathan currently plays in midfield for atletico paranaense in the brazilian league . nathan battles for the ball against tiago real of goias at arena da baixada stadium in november last year . caught off guard , nathan 's family offered the club £2m to release him from the contract and allow them to negotiate with european clubs who had shown an interest . paranaense refused , saying that figure fell well short of what they could sell the player for and went to court to settle the dispute . but with a fee now agreed with chelsea , the club should drop the legal proceedings when he settles in at stamford bridge . it now remains to be seen whether nathan can live up to his promise in the premier league . 