fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on saturday . the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor in turkey 's super lig . fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else . marks can be seen on the windscreen of the fenerbahce team bus after the attack . the window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on saturday night . the injured driver , with blood seeping from a head wound , seeks help after the attack . a statement on the club 's official website on sunday said : ' we consider that as long as this attack is not solved in a way that satisfies fenerbahce and public opinion , a suspension of the championship is inevitable . ' blood ran and football was silenced . finding and punishing the culprits is of vital importance for fenerbahce . ' following the incident , fener midfielder mehmet topal told sky news : ' we cheated death . god protect us . i hope our driver will be all right . words fail me . it 's unbelievable . ' the club posted several pictures of the bus on their website after the attack which showed a shattered side window and damage to the front windscreen . players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack near the city of trabzon . fenerbahce coach ismail kartal ( right ) points to the bullet holes as a policeman inspects the damage . local tv footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel . the pictures also showed blood on the driver 's seat and the steering wheel . the attack followed fener 's 5-1 win away to rizespor . the bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of rize to the airport in trabzon to return to istanbul . fener general secretary mahmut uslu said on the club website the attack was ' very wrong ' , saying : ' we came here to play sport , we came to play football . ' the turkish football federation released a statement condemning the attack . 