robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich earned a narrow victory against borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday . poland international lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga . lewandowski spent four years at dortmund , leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period , and offered only a muted celebration when he pounced to give the visitors the lead 10 minutes before half time . robert lewandowski beats marcel schmelzer to the ball to head bayern munich in front against dortmund . the bayern players celebrate in front of the travelling supporters after claiming a narrow victory . roman weidenfeller saved thomas muller 's original effort bu the ball fell kindly to the poland striker . weidenfeller complains to his defence as lewandowski makes his way to his feet after scoring . dortmund ( 4-2-3-1 ) : weidenfeller ; sokratis , subotic , hummels , schmelzer ; bender , gundogan ( mkhitaryan 79 ) ; blaszczykowski ( kagawa 67 ) , reus , kampl ( ramos 67 ) ; aubameyang . subs not used : kehl , langerak , ginter , dudziak . booked : aubameyang , schmelzer . bayern munich : neuer ; benatia , boateng , dante ; rafinha , lahm ( thiago 69 ) , alonso , schweinsteiger ( rode 58 ) , bernat ; muller ( gotze 79 ) , lewandowski . subs not used : pizarro , gaudino , reina , weiser . booked : schweinsteiger , alonso , rode . scorer ( s ) : lewandowski 36 . bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by borussia monchengladbach before the international break but responded to get their title charge back on track against their former championship rivals . dortmund were unbeaten in their last eight domestic matches , sitting comfortably in mid-table after rescuing a desperate-looking situation earlier this year that saw jurgen klopp 's side bottom of the table . but they were behind after 36 minutes against bayern . thomas muller was released down the left channel but his low drive , after bursting towards the box , was parried by roman weidenfeller . unfortunately for the dortmund goalkeeper the ball rebounded invitingly for lewandowski to beat marcel schmelzer to the ball and head home from 12 yards . dortmund offered a spirited fightback as the hosts applied much of the second-half pressure , but the bayern defence held firm although they had manuel neuer to thank after saving brilliantly from a marco reus free kick in the closing stages . as his team-mates roared wildly around him lewandowski did not celebrate against his former club . the goal did , however , send the bayern bench into raptures although pep guardiola remained calm . goalscorer lewandowski holds off the challenge of dortmund's kevin kampl . the teams line up to observe a minute silence for the passengers of the germanwings flight that crashed .