a young syrian boy has revealed how he saw depraved islamic state militants playing football with a severed head inside the besieged yarmouk refugee camp . amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the syrian capital damascus . the schoolboy said the isis fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before isis carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days . his story was revealed as refugees in yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since isis seized control of 90 per cent of the camp , including innocent children being slaughtered in front of their anguished parents . scroll down for video . scene of death : a destroyed graveyard is photographed in yarmouk camp following the intense fighting . innocent : palestinians , who fled the yarmouk refugee camp , sit on mattresses inside a school in damascus . after enduring two years of famine and fighting , ibrahim abdel fatah said he saw heads cut off by isis in the palestinian camp of yarmouk . that was it . he fled and has n't looked back . unshaven , pale and gaunt , he has found refuge with his wife and seven children at the zeinab al-haliyeh school in tadamun , a southeastern district of the syrian capital held by the army . ' i saw severed heads . they killed children in front of their parents . we were terrorised , ' he said . ' we had heard of their cruelty from the television , but when we saw it ourselves ... i can tell you , their reputation is well-deserved , ' the 55-year-old said . the school is currently home to 98 displaced people , among them 40 children , who have been put up in three classrooms . the usual occupants , schoolchildren , have been evacuated temporarily from rooms where mattresses and bedding now blanket the floor . ' i left my house which was the only thing i had . my family lived on rations supplied by unrwa , ' the united nations agency that looks after palestinian refugees , the former caretaker said . destroyed : in late december 2012 , yarmouk - just four miles from central damascus - became a battlefield between pro- and anti-government forces before a merciless siege began . a man stands on a staircase inside a demolished building inside the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp . anwar abdel hadi , a palestine liberation organisation official in damascus , said 500 families , or about 2,500 people , fled yarmouk before is fighters attacked the camp last wednesday . before the assault , there were around 18,000 people in yarmouk in a southern neighbourhood of the syrian capital . yarmouk was once a thriving district housing 160,000 palestinian refugees and syrians . but that was before it too was caught up in the widespread civil unrest which erupted in 2011 . in late december 2012 , yarmouk - just four miles from central damascus - became a battlefield between pro- and anti-government forces before a merciless siege began . the camp has been encircled for more than a year , but is now reported to be almost completely under the control of isis and al qaeda 's local affiliate , jabhat al-nusra . residents who fled the advancing jihadists last week have been put up in regime-held areas nearby . according to britain-based monitor the syrian observatory for human rights , nearly 200 people had died in yarmouk from malnutrition and lack of medicines before last wednesday 's assault . carnage : before the islamic state assault , there were around 18,000 people in yarmouk in a southern neighbourhood of the syrian capital damascus . keeping the faith : a palestinian man who fled the yarmouk refugee camp prays inside a school in damascus . speaking of the moment he stumbled on the isis militants , 16-year-old amjad said : ' in palestine street , i saw two members of daesh playing with a severed head as if it was a football . wearing a baseball cap sideways , rapper-style , the youth has a swollen eye and chin . ' daesh came to my home looking for my brother who 's in the palestinian popular committees . they beat me until i passed out and left me for dead , ' he added , referring to the group by an arabic acronym . at the entrance to the school , umm usama chatted with fellow refugees who had got out . ' i left the camp despite myself , ' said the 40-year-old woman who had lived in yarmouk for 17 years . ' i 'd stayed on despite the bombings and famine . it was terrible , we ate grass , but at least i was at home . ' daesh 's arrival meant destruction and massacre . their behaviour 's not human and their religion is not ours , ' added the thin woman with sunken eyes . rubble : destruction in yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in the syrian capital damascus earlier this week . palestinians demanding the protection of refugees in yarmouk stage a demonstration in gaza city on monday . men lie around on mattresses as women gather in small groups , smoking cigarettes and drinking fruit juice as children run around the room . ' everything changed when is arrived . before that we did n't fear death , because if there was fighting , the rebels made sure the civilians got to shelters , ' said abir , a 47-year-old woman who was born and raised in yarmouk . there are no suitcases to be seen in the classrooms -- the families had to leave so quickly there was no time to pack anything . ' i left without bringing any belongings . my husband was n't able to join me . i walked out hugging the walls so snipers could n't see me , ' said 19-year-old nadia , nursing her two-month-old baby . yesterday isis launched english-language radio news bulletins on its al-bayan radio network . the militant group 's english bulletin , promoted via twitter , accompanies arabic and russian bulletins already airing on the network . the first bulletin , which provided an overview of their activities in iraq , syria and libya , discussed a range of topics including the alleged death of an isis commander in yarmouk , a suicide bombing in the iraqi city of kirkuk and mortar attacks on militias in sirte , libya . isis holds territory in a third of iraq and syria and is becoming increasingly active in libya . the group already publishes a monthly online english-language magazine , dabiq , with religious lessons , plus news about its activities .