you may think that driving goggles belong to the days when cars were rare on the roads and people dressed in flying jackets to go for a quick drive . but the vintage eyewear may be set to make a comeback in a new hi-tech form , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as x-ray-like vision . bmw group’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features – and the elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car . vintage driving goggles may be set to make a comeback , because bmw mini has produced concept smart specs ( pictured ) to give drivers super-human powers in the car . it calls them a ‘ revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety’ . the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see . for example , the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks . bmw group’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing maps and other features – and the elvis-style glasses ( pictured ) can also be worn out of the car . the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as show speed limits ( both pictured ) and even point out local landmarks . driving goggles were worn by racing drivers and wealthy motorists who owned early cars , so keep bugs and flying debris out of their eyes . this image from 1924 shows enzo ferrari testing an alfa-romeo in italy . information such as speed and speed limits are shown on the heads-up display so the data is in the driver’s primary field of view and they don’t have to take their eyes off the road . navigation arrows are shown ‘on’ the road to show drivers the way , and local landmarks labelled too . an icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display when the wearer receives a text message and the message can be read out by the car . an x-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the car , such as high kerbs and small bollards which may be an obstacle when getting out of the car . an ‘ augmented parking’ feature projects images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror to the glasses to help drivers park close the curb . the idea is that the eyewear shows relevant information in the driver’s direct field of vision , without obscuring other road users in a bid to boost safety . data such as speed , is shown just above the wheel , near to the physical dashboard they drivers would usually check without the aid of glasses . the goggles are connected to a smartphone so that wearers see an icon when they have a new text message , which can be read out in the car . users can select a mode to help them park . a setting called augmented parking , shows the driver the distance to the curb , by projecting images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror on the glasses . and the glasses also give drivers x-ray-like vision , by letting users see external objects concealed by the car . the feature could stop people opening their car door into low bollards and high curbs , for example . ‘ mini augmented vision gives an insight into how intelligent connectivity between a mini car and eyewear into which relevant content is projected might work in the future , ’ said dr jörg preißinger , project-manager of mini augmented vision , bmw group research and technology . the augmented vision goggles ( pictured ) will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see . the idea is that the eyewear shows relevant information in the driver’s direct field of vision but without obscuring other road users in a bid to boost safety . the smart specs can be worn outside the car ( pictured ) too . free parking spaces are highlighted in the driver’s field of view so they can spot a space more easily , and a setting , called augmented parking , shows the driver the distance to the curb so that an ‘x-ray’ view shows them outside the car - this is illustrated above by showing a waiting dog outside the car . ‘ working with several qualcomm companies , we have created an interlinked system and augmented reality eyewear with a characteristic mini design that revolutionise the experience both in and outside the vehicle . ’ bmw mini doesn’t reveal much about how the goggles could be used outside the car , but shows an image of a man in art gallery , hinting that extra features could be unlocked together with using a smartphone . they are a prototype created by the car manufacturer and qualcomm connected experiences , and there is no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale . but jay wright , vp qualcomm connected experiences , said : ‘ bmw mini augmented vision offers a compelling example of what’s possible today , and what we can expect in the future . ’ bmw mini doesn’t reveal much about how the goggles could be used outside the car , but shows an image of a man in art gallery ( pictured ) , hinting that features could be unlocked together with using a smartphone . the glasses ( pictured ) are a prototype created by the car manufacturer and qualcomm connected experiences , but there is no news about whether they will ever go on sale .