as secret agent james bond , daniel craig has a license to kill , but on tuesday the united nations gave the british actor a ' license to save ' by appointing him as the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards . craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n . mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . ' you have been given a license to kill ( as james bond ) , i 'm now giving you a license to save , ' u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told craig at united nations headquarters in new york . scroll down for video . anti-mine advocate : daniel craig , despite having a job where his job is often to pretend to blow things up , was named on tuesday the first global advocate for the united nations ' mine action service . often around explosions : craig - who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n . mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . the united nations said 162 states are parties to the anti-personnel mine ban convention . last year , the united nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition . ' i am honored to accept this role , i 'm humbled that i will get the chance to work next to people who are risking their lives every day to help ordinary people live ordinary lives , ' said craig . ' i will do my very best . ' craig continued : ' the briefing from the secretary-general , and from all of the united nations staff i have met , demonstrated the enormity of the task . ' the use of improvised explosive devices in iraq , somalia and mali ; the widespread use of ' barrel bombs ' in syria , and the landmine contamination in cambodia , colombia and afghanistan must all be addressed simultaneously . it is a big job . the united nations needs political and financial support to succeed . ' long post : craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n . mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . ' you have been given a license to kill ( as james bond ) , i 'm now giving you a license to save , ' u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told craig at united nations headquarters in new york . the u.n . mine action service has been working to clear mines , educate on their risks , assist their victims , destroy stockpiles and advocate for the elimination of landmines and explosive hazards since 1997 . the appearance was one of the first for craig since an on-set injury led to a brief hospital stay . daniel craig has had arthroscopic knee surgery in between filming the latest bond flick ' spectre . ' producers say he underwent a ' minor procedure ' during the easter production break . he is believed to have suffered the injury while filming action scenes for ' spectre ' in mexico . eon productions said monday craig will rejoin the production when it resumes filming at the famed pinewood studios in england on april 22 . sad lesson : daniel craig listens to mine action service project manager , stephen pritchard ( right ) , about the difficulties of removing explosive ordinance with un secretary general ban ki-moon ( c ) and the director of the un mine action service , agnes marcaillou . honored : craig greetssecretary general ban ki-moon , as he arrives for a service designating him as the un global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards . the piercing gaze and tight lipped smile were on display in new york .