a couple have taken their passion for yoga all over the world , striking gravity-defying poses in front of dozens of famous landmarks - from the colosseum in rome to the paris 's eiffel tower . honza and claudine lafond , who live in sydney , have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on instagram , attracting more than 251,000 followers . in the mesmerising images , the pair , who run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds , showing off their impressive physical prowess . honza and claudine lafond , from sydney , have snapped photos of themselves striking impressive yoga poses all over the world - including the brandenburg gate in berlin ( pictured ) . honza does a balancing act atop her husband in ubud , bali . the couple get to grips with each other outside rome 's ancient colosseum . honza and claudine , who married in 2008 , share an upside-down kiss in front of the eiffel tower in paris . according to their website , honza , who is originally from the czech republic , combines life-coaching and fitness training in his unique brand of yoga instruction . he writes : ' the challenge that inversions and arm balances offer builds confidence and strength , but more than anything it excites the ever present child within all of us . ' to me , the playful nature of yoga is just as important as its more disciplined aspects . it is the balance between the two that makes yoga a blissful pathway of coming home . ' he and his wife claudine , who was born in new york , specialise in acrovinyasa , a type of yoga that combines the traditional practice with l-based acrobatic flying . honza carries claudine on his feet while lying on a deck on the hudson river in new york . the couple put a yoga-themed twist on the traditional leaning tower of pisa pose . claudine flaunts her hard-earned abs as she poses upside-down on honza 's feet and hands in barcelona . it takes a practiced yogi indeed to pull off claudine 's complex-looking yoga pose . honza and claudine find their inner zen on the banks of circular quay in sydney , australia . the couple 's travels have taken them all over the globe , from ubud , bali , to barcelona to the banks of the hudson river in new york . in one photo taken outside the leaning tower of pisa , honza lies on his back on the pavement with his legs in the air , while claudine stands on his feet , pretending to push the tower upright . in another image the roles are reversed as honza balances upside-down on his wife 's legs in front of london 's tower bridge . honza makes a one-handed handstand look unbelievably easy in this colourful shot . claudine 's toned limbs take centre stage as she balances expertly in her husband 's hands . the roles are reversed as honza balances upside-down on top of claudine , with london 's tower bridge in the background . the athletic pair grin with a friend outside enmore theatre in sydney . the pier in santa monica , california , makes for a stunning backdrop to this duo 's yoga pose . beachgoers were likely amazed at the stunts honza and claudine were able to pull off . honza and claudine do their best ninja warrior poses in front of a backdrop of green hills . they stand on their hands in a perfect mirror image on fitzroy street in melbourne . honza is originally from the czech republic while claudine was born in new york . the dynamic duo took in the sights by the seaside as they did their yoga workout . it appears no balancing position is too challenging for the pair . the married couple wear festive father christmas hats for a christmas-themed pose in australia . the fish at the sydney aquarium swim in the background as honza and claudine do yet another pose . their love of yoga means they get to travel the world connecting with their more than 251,000 instagram followers . claudine does a stretch at sunset in the surf . it 's difficult to tell which way is up in this group photo of claudine , honza , and two of their fellow yogis . honza and claudine specialise in acrovinyasa , a type of yoga that combines the traditional practice with l-based acrobatic flying . 