bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like tony blair can rebut its findings . the families of britain’s iraq war dead expressed their disgust last night after learning the long-awaited official report into the conflict may be delayed yet again . publication of sir john chilcot’s inquiry , which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million , had already been pushed back until after the election . yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest . bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry , like tony blair , the chance to rebut its findings . they added they were now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published . earlier this year it emerged the report , expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in the 2003 conflict , had been pushed back until after the election because it was too politically sensitive to publish so close to a national poll . but sources close to the investigation have now told bbc’s newsnight that ‘ nobody thinks it will come out this year’ . in comments that caused anger among military families , the sources suggested that ‘ once they had failed to meet the pre-election deadline , they gave up trying to speed things up’ . further delays will fuel speculation that those criticised are trying to bury damning revelations . last night rose gentle , whose son gordon , 19 , was killed in iraq in 2004 , told the mail : ‘i’m actually disgusted . i now definitely do feel like i am being fobbed off . how long do we have to wait ? it has been 11 years since gordon died and they are dragging it out for all the families . ’ reg keys , whose 20-year-old son tom died in 2003 , said : ‘ we were told from sir john that it would be a robust and thorough inquiry and we would get the answers we were looking for . this chilcot inquiry is like an open wound and we need those answers . to have to wait until 2016 for them is just ridiculous . ’ mr keys , 62 , added he thought the final report would likely be ‘ watered down’ . liberal democrats foreign affairs spokesman tim farron said speculation about a delay was ‘ deeply concerning’ . he added : ‘ hundreds of thousands of families have had their lives torn apart by the iraq war and deserve answers . it is simply not good enough for this process to be continually delayed and the report must be published . ’ the findings have been held up by the process of ‘maxwellisation’ – giving individuals in the report a chance to respond . newsnight’s diplomatic editor mark urban said it had become a ‘nightmare’ , with some of those criticised given drafts running to ‘ hundreds of pages’ . delayed : sir john chilcot ( pictured ) began his inquiry in 2009 . it has cost the taxpayer almost £10million , with the findings unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest , it has emerged . mr blair has previously denied responsibility for hold-ups to the inquiry – which stopped taking evidence in 2011 . but bereaved families say they are now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published . wrangling between the inquiry and cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood over the publication of whitehall conversations and communications between tony blair and president george w bush has also caused delays . janice procter , 53 , whose son michael tench , 18 , was one of the youngest to die , told the mail : ‘ it is a total whitewash , i think the longer that it has gone , the longer it is giving people a chance to change their responses . it is all lies , lies , lies . i don’t think anybody will get an answer from it . ’ deputy prime minister nick clegg said he was ‘ dismayed beyond belief that we are having to wait so long – and now , it is being reported , even longer than i had feared – to finally find out the truth of what happened . ’ mr blair has previously denied responsibility for hold-ups to the inquiry – which stopped taking evidence in 2011 . neither the government nor the inquiry would comment on any delays .