ben thurlow , who has been spared jail after drunkenly attacking a female paramedic who tried to treat him after he sustained a head injury in a fight . a jilted lover who drunkenly assaulted a female paramedic as she tried a treat a head injury that he sustained has been spared jail . ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in driffield , east yorkshire . the 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved ms hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated . emergency crews even called called thurlow 's friends and family in an attempt to calm him down . police were then called and two officers were forced to escort thurlow in the ambulance while he was taken to hull royal infirmary . but on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked ms hudson by knocking her over . at beverley magistrates court , thurlow of druffield who had pleaded guilty to common assault , was given a four month sentence , suspended for 12 months . at a previous hearing , the court heard how thurlow has been drinking heavily in pubs in driffield town centre after splitting up with his girlfriend . he had planned to propose to her before discovering she had been unfaithful , the court was told . colette dixon , prosecuting , told the court : ' when paramedics arrived it was 50 minutes before they had some sort of control over the defendant . ' she added that he has caused ' suffering and obvious pain ' to ms hudson . in a victim statement read out to the court , the paramedic said : ' nhs staff should be able to provide care in a safe environment , free from violence and physical assault . since the incident , i have been off work sick for weeks . i returned to light duties , but found these too painful and went off sick again . ' i have always been very active with my children , so it has affected my family life an i have found these things difficult . ' rachael davis , mitigating , said that thurlow had written a letter of apology to ms hudson , expressing remorse at his actions . she said : ' this lady did receive a number of injuries . that is absolutely clear . ' the defendant at the time was in a state of emotional stress as well as being the victim of a very nasty assault and had a nasty head injury as a result . thurlow had been drinking in pubs in driffield town centre , pictured , when he was attacked and need treatment for a head injury . ' he was suffering from concussion and didn’t know what was going on . it is completely clear he was not in control of his actions . ' when the evidence was put to him he fully accepted what he has done . ' there was a lack of pre-meditation with this case and a demonstration of remorse that goes above and beyond the normal course . ' he has found himself in a situation that he never wants to find himself in again . ' because of the state he was in he wasn’t able to accept the help of his family and friends . ' but sentencing thurlow , anne farnsworth , chair of the bench , said : ' we have considered the case and found you assaulted a paramedic over a long period of time due to drink . ' you have caused her to miss a great deal of work as a result . ' we accept you are very remorseful however we are very much of the view this incident meets the threshold of a custodial sentence . ' paramedics were forced to call police , who had to escort thurlow in the ambulance which took him to hull royal infirmary , pictured . he was also ordered to pay £1,750 in compensation as well as pay £85 in court costs and an £80 victim surcharge . a spokesperson for yorkshire ambulance service nhs trust said : ' ambulance service staff do a difficult job , often in challenging circumstances . ' physical and verbal attacks on any member of nhs staff are completely unacceptable and we are doing everything we can to prevent them . ' the safety of staff is of paramount importance to yorkshire ambulance service and we operate a zero tolerance policy ; action will be taken against those who are violent or aggressive towards our staff . ' staff are never knowingly sent into dangerous or violent situations , and operate with close support from the police . every precaution is taken to protect the safety of staff - this includes conflict resolution training . ' 