do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? a new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead . newly launched app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . so now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing . the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ' i 'm getting married next week and i 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes . one user asks : ' my long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall i tell her ? ' ' just no . she 'll work it out ? ' reads one response , while another says , ' you should tell her for the long term good of the relationship . ' another user advises : ' at the heart of any relationship is openness . ask yourself : `` do you want the relationship to carry on ? '' if so , think of a way to frame it so she does n't feel stupid . ' the app , launched last month by two london advertising executives , ed and rob watts , harnesses the power of ' collective intelligence ' , a buzz phrase coined by facebook founder mark zukerberg about the future of the internet . co-creator ed said : ' using anonymity has allowed us to remove all of the social norms that can unknowingly skew a person 's opinion , such as relationships , history , social background , age , race or gender . ' we wanted to create a place where you can go to get unbiased opinions and advice from a cross section of a global society . ' at the core of it , we see honest as being a platform where people can be open and truthful , and help each other out . honest was created with a single-minded purpose of help and advice . ' the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ' i 'm getting married next week and i 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes . one user asks : ' my long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall i tell her ? ' ( left ) . ' just no . she 'll work it out ? ' reads one response , while another says , ' you should tell her for the long term good of the relationship ' ( right ) . one user seeking advice posted , ' shall i tell my girlfriend i hired a prostitute ? ' and received a range of responses . one read : ' hell no ' , while another user commented : ' no . if you want to leave your girlfriend , leave her , but do n't hurt her more by telling her . ' other personal questions include ' do i let my 13-year old daughter wear a thong ? ' ' is masturbation a sin ? ' and ' i have romantic feeling for a very close friend . should i tell her ? ' what 's your burning question ? time to get the honest answer . one user asks : ' my long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall i tell her ? ' ( left ) the responses vary from : ' just no . she 'll work it out ? ' to , ' you should tell her for the long term good of the relationship ' ( right ) . honest can be downloaded for free on ios . for more information , visit www.honestapp.it .