raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday , insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a liverpool contract worth £100,000-a-week . the england winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being . but how much of what sterling told bbc sport can we believe ? sportsmail 's riath al-samarrai tries his hand at interpreting . liverpool star raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his liverpool talks with bbc sport . what he said : ‘ i would never want the fans to think bad of me , to think i just want as much money for myself . i want them to understand it’s been a bit much for me this season , with everyone talking about it every minute . ’ what he meant : can’t a guy just let his contract run down in peace ? what he said : ‘it’s never been about money . i talk about winning trophies throughout my career . that’s all i talk about . ’ what he meant : finishing the season empty-handed won’t help the situation . sterling says it is not about money , only about trophies - so can liverpool afford to not win any this season ? what he said : ‘ i don’t talk about how many cars i’m going to drive , how many houses i’ve got . i just purely want to be the best i can be . ’ what he meant : if you’re wondering , i drive a mercedes c63 and also have a range rover 4x4 . they are both white . what he said : ‘ you really want to be working with world-class players day in , day out . it’s obviously left a little dent , these two world-class superstars ( suarez and gerrard ) leaving , but i think we have good players coming through at liverpool . ’ what he meant : :players come and go . deal with it . sterling rejected liverpool 's contract offer of £100,000-a-week and says he is focusing on his football . what he said : on speculation that arsenal are keen : ‘ quite flattering . ’ what he meant : auctions are always better when more people turn up . what he said : ‘everyone’s dream growing up is seeing themselves in an away kit somewhere in a sunny country . but , in reality , i’m happy to be playing for liverpool and trying to win trophies . ’ what he meant : barcelona and madrid are nice cities . and warm , too . the 20-year-old england international has been linked with moves to arsenal , real madrid and barcelona . what he said : ‘ if , at that point in time , i was offered a contract , i most definitely would have signed straight away , probably for far less money than being said now . i just think the timing was a bit off . ’ what he meant : you need me more than ever now . what he said : ‘ i just want to focus on football and , when it gets to the end of the season , assess my position as a 20-year-old player playing in the premier league . ’ what he meant : literally all of the power in this situation is with me . sterling holds all the power at liverpool and has been one of brendan rodgers ' star performers this season .