blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis was forced to wear an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading because the club had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed . the signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but lewis had to wear it because blackpool , who have no kitman , had no others to give the 27-year-old . the club 's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week following rotherham 's 1-0 win over brighton , and this is just another embarrassing moment in a season to forget for the tangerines . blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading . lewis had to wear the signed shirt because the club had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed . click here to read the sorry story of an oyston-made mess at blackpool fc . writing in his weekly column for spanish website am14 , orlandi admitted : ' before starting the game i noticed joe lewis 's shirt . it was signed and i thought he was going to do a raffle after the game ( something quite common in england ) . ' it turns out that no , he had not even noticed or knew anything about it and when he tried to get another one he was told there were none left . ' it was funny because he tried to put a plaster over the writing to cover it and it looked even more funny . things like that however , details without apparent importance , make a difference in a club . ' there are details that should be improved as a club . a small thing ? probably , but still not a normal thing for a championship club . ' blackpool supporters gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against the oyston family before kick-off . blackpool 's main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before their game with reading . blackpool 's support are sick of a lack of investment in their club and held a protest amid the reading match . the blackpool gazette were scathing in their assessment of the club 's relegation to the third tier . a fan walks out of a fish and chips shop , next to a store selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . supporters threw missiles during the 1-1 draw with reading at the directors ' box , having already pelted the reception area to bloomfield road with eggs before kick-off in protest against their chairman karl oyston . blackpool have sat bottom of the championship since october , and the club that were in the barclays premier league just four years ago will compete in the third tier of football next year . the club found an unsigned shirt for lewis but only at half-time against reading . it comes after blackpool 's kitman steve wales quit in march , forcing club secretary chris hough to take up the role . sportsmail have contacted blackpool for comment . blackpool midfielder orlandi pictured scoring against ipswich after four minutes , though they lost 3-2 . orlandi helped blackpool score twice - a rare occurrence this season - but they could not steal a point .