a county in illinois says former us rep aaron schock , who redecorated his office in the decadent style of television show downton abbey , should pay for the special elections to replace him . the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending . the letter seeks a check or a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs . county officials estimate each will run about $ 38,000 . former illinois congressional representative aaron schock , 33 , is facing calls to pay for the special election to replace him after resigning from the house last month amid an expenses scandal . the four-term congressman ( left ) attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle , including many selfies with celebrities such as ariana grande ( right ) , after a downton abbey-style renovation to his washington office . a schock spokesman did not respond to an emailed request from the associated press seeking comment to the board 's letter . his campaign fund balance is $ 3.3 million , the journal-star reported . ' schock has more money than the county has in its reserves , ' marshall county state 's attorney paul bauer said . once seen as a media-savvy rising star in the republican party , schock , 33 , made appearances on top chef , the colbert report and the cover of men 's health magazine . however , the four-term congressman 's celebrity lifestyle attracted examination of his spending habits . earlier this year it was discovered that his office had received a $ 40,000 renovation funded by the taxpayer to make it look like the edwardian era homes on downton abbey . it has a crystal chandeliers and pheasant feathers in addition to its elaborately decorated furniture and bright red walls . the republican had been viewed as a rising star in his party after a slate of media appearances including the cover of men 's health . the extravagance of schock 's washington office , which included pheasant feathers and a crystal chandelier , was what first drew attention to his spending . the illinois representative originally replied to the reports by saying ' haters gon na hate ' . but further investigations revealed that he took a private jet to watch an nfl game in chicago and had spent $ 10,000 taking a group including his interns to a katy perry concert . schock also failed to report expenditures on trips abroad , required by congressional rules . though he hired a high powered defense and public relations team , schock resigned after a report from politico about misrepresentations of the mileage on his publicly-funded car . he has repaid the government for his office and mileage , and his resignation likely helped him avoid an ethics inquiry into his luxury lifestyle . shock 's district now faces the task of putting together a quick election to put a representative back in washington . a copy of the marshall county letter went to the other 20 election jurisdictions in the 18th congressional district , some of whom may follow the message 's example . schock ( pictured with pope francis ) is facing a federal investigation into his spending after reports about misrepresented mileage on his car and taxpayer-funded trips on a private jet . ' there are other counties who are interested , and they 're kind of waiting on someone to step forward , ' marshall county board chairman gary kroeschen said . tazewell county officials expect to pay about $ 200,000 for the elections and county board chairman david zimmerman said a committee will discuss the issue april 22 . the board could act as soon as the end of the month with the special primary election approaching in july , followed by the general election in september . zimmerman said he hopes other counties follow marshall 's lead . the justice department is investigating whether schock broke any laws with his spending . 