a boy of 11 is among children arrested over a spate of fires across welsh countryside which have cost £500,000 to fight . five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone . fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ‘unprecedented’ scale of destruction , which is mainly being blamed on gangs of youngsters . five children have been questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . officers yesterday called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires . deputy chief constable matt jukes , of south wales police , said : ‘ it is only a matter of time before somebody gets seriously injured or even killed . ‘ what is most concerning is that we believe that many of these grass fires are being caused by children . this must be addressed and everybody can do their bit . ’ ‘ teachers , neighbours , shop owners , but most importantly parents or carers have a role to play and can make a stand against this recurring problem . ’ dcc jukes added : ‘ the sad reality is that because of the naïve and reckless actions of some of the youngest members of the community , the lives of those who need the emergency services most are being put at serious risk . ’ from friday morning to monday evening , emergency services took more than 1,600 calls for grass fires . gordon shumack , of crimestoppers wales , said : ‘ the valleys are turning black again as a result of these fires being deliberately started . ’ the cost of fighting the blazes , which devastated wildlife , has risen close to £500,000 since the month began . fire chief stephen rossiter said : ‘ the natural terrain of mountains is very dangerous underfoot , and more so when we are fighting grass fires – even for our best-trained people . ’ south wales : gordon shumack said the valleys were turning black as a result of the deliberately started fires . ‘ it is quite possible a house will catch fire if the incidents continue . people lighting them need to understand the danger they can cause . ’ the arrested 11-year-old was given ‘stern’ advice by police . four suspects aged 12 to 14 were released on bail . it comes as the dry and sunny weather has left heathlands especially vulnerable to fast spreading fire . meanwhile a blaze which ravaged the pirbright army ranges in surrey was yesterday still smouldering nearly a week after it began . conservation experts say that the area could take ten years to recover . a man , 33 , has been arrested and released on bail over the fire .