uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday with the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down . england 's 3-1 group 4 victory against switzerland on thursday afternoon means the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2 . england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast . referee marija kurtes points to the spot as england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . leah williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against norway . williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate rosella ayane ( circled ) has entered the box . williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper 's bottom-right corner . german referee marija kurtes officiating a women 's bundesliga match in munich last month . jenna dear scored twice at the seaview stadium while leah williamson , who is set to take the last minute spot-kick against norway , earned some practice as she scored past swiss goalkeeper tania chassot from 12-yards . norway are second in the group following an impressive 8-1 win against northern ireland , but crucially have a slightly inferior goal difference meaning the spot-kick will give england a place in the european championship finals in israel . the astonishing decision has been taken for the first time in a uefa competition following an fa appeal after the referee had wrongly denied england the opportunity to retake the penalty during saturday 's match following encroachment . england midfielder williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into the bottom-right corner but team-mate rosella ayane had entered the box too early and german referee marija kurtes disallowed the goal . however , instead of ordering it to be retaken , 28-year-old kurtes - who was named referee of the year by the german football association ( dfb ) in 2014 - wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway . according to the laws of the game , a penalty should be retaken if it entered the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick . england players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against norway . but referee kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . but williamson then realises the referee 's decision and two norwegian players are seen celebrating . german referee kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on saturday . april 4 - england 1-2 norway ( match to be replayed from 96th min on april 9 at 9:45pm ) april 4 - switzerland 1-0 northern ireland . april 6 - norway 2-0 switzerland . april 6 - england 9-1 northern ireland . april 9 - switzerland 1-3 england . april 9 - northern ireland 1-8 norway . a scene of apparent confusion followed england 's wild celebrations as kurtes explained her decision . williamson had grabbed back the ball to retake the penalty and placed it on the penalty spot before realising an indirect free-kick had been awarded . two norwegian players then embraced as they celebrated the decision . a uefa statement read : ' the uefa control , ethics and disciplinary body has ordered the match to be replayed . ' the replay of the match should be carried out as follows : ' the match will be replayed from the minute the penalty kick was awarded to the football association at the european women 's under-19 championship 2015 match between england vs norway played on april 4 , 2015 , and extended according to the discretion of the referee . ' the penalty kick shall be retaken by the football association . ' according to the laws of the game ( law 14 ) , a team-mate of the player taking the kick infringes the laws of the game : - the referee allows the kick to be taken . - if the ball enters the goal , the kick is retaken . - if the ball does not enter the goal , the referee stops play and the match is restarted with an indirect free kick to the defending team from the place where the infringement occurred . ' as the ball entered the goal , the kick should have been re-taken . thus the cdeb ordered that the remaining time of the match should be replayed in accordance with article 6 ( e ) and 7 ( 2 ) of the disciplinary regulations . williamson scored from the penalty spot during england 's 3-1 victory against switzerland on thursday . jenna dear ( right ) scores with a header as england inched closer to european championship qualification . ' the match is scheduled to take place at the seaview stadium in belfast on thursday at 9:45pm local time with another referee . ' teams must field the same players which were on the pitch at that moment . any of these players can take the penalty kick . ' an fa spokesperson said : ' after england women u19s ' match against norway on saturday , april 4 , the fa lodged an appeal to uefa following a disallowed penalty . ' due to an incorrect application of the game 's laws by the match referee , uefa have ordered the match to be replayed from the point of the penalty . ' the remainder of the match will be played on thursday at 9.45pm at the same stadium – seaview , belfast . ' williamson is congratulated by her england team-mates after scoring past swiss goalkeeper tania chassot . former everton and england captain mo marley is head coach of the national women 's u19 team . although it will only last 18 seconds , officials , stewards and paramedics will all be required to attend . admission is free . england , coached by former national captain mo marley , were 2-0 down to norway on saturday before substitute ayane pulled one back in the 87th minute to give her side hope of claiming a point . however , wiliiamson 's penalty was disallowed and the match ended in defeat . england brushed off the disappointment on monday , though , with a 9-1 win against northern ireland . both england and norway must start the match with the same 11 players who finished saturday 's match . however , a different player can take the penalty . the decision further complicates the already complex qualification process for july 's finals after uefa had announced that norway had sealed their place . after an initial qualifying round last year , the elite round is comprised of six groups of four teams playing at locations across europe . the six group winners and best-placed runner-up - decided by the best record against the first and third-placed teams in the groups - go through to join hosts israel at the showpiece event in july . england women 's senior head coach mark sampson tweeted : ' difficult circumstances for our @ england u19 . i have been proud that in challenging circumstances you have conducted yourselves superbly & represented your country with great pride . ' regardless of final outcome you should be very proud . we are very proud of you . ' september 2005 - world cup qualifier - uzbekistan vs bahrain . uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching . rather than retaking the penalty , an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by japanese referee toshimitsu yoshida to bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin . uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after fifa ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid . it proved to have a major impact as it was bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory , though they were later beaten in the afc-concacaf play-off . bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating uzbekistan in an asian world cup qualifier in 2005 .