louis smith is man of many talents . a medal-winning olympic gymnast of course ... and even a strictly come dancing champion . however , it appears the athlete , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ' belfie ' , kim kardashian . yes , louis smith , mbe , is now also very good at exciting his fans with selfies . topless selfies , where we 're treated to a view of his rippling muscles in full flexed action , to be more specific . if you 've got it , flaunt it : former olympic gymnast , louis smith , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on instagram . the strictly come dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games . mostly taken between the pine door of his stone wall bathroom and what can only be an impressively large mirror , louis ' selfies have become something of a phenomenon . so much so , that when interviewed by the telegraph recently , primarily about his latest project to help communities learn how to dance , they felt compelled to ask him about it . 'i’m just sharing my physique , ' the hunk of the gymnastics world said of his snaps . 'i’m just sharing my physique , ' the hunk of the gymnastics world said of his snaps in an interview . some of which , are far saucier than others . for example , there are pics taken in his bathroom where he 's clearly wearing jeans , despite the lack of a shirt . others , however , have ranged from a view of his very tight boxers , to a topless sunbathing selfie where nothing but a strategically placed cocktail glass covered up a full frontal view of his manhood . ' i work hard to get the body i have , so why not show off what i’ve got ? ' the athlete added . ' i work hard to get the body i have , so why not show off what i’ve got ? ' says the athlete . as if we needed the hard proof , here 's louis in another topless selfie , taken at the gym no less . some of louis ' selfies are far saucier than others . for example , there are pics taken in his bathroom where he 's clearly wearing jeans , while others suggest he might not wearing very much at all . as if we needed the proof , here it is , a topless selfie taken at the gym no less . but while it appears that louis needs little to no encouragement on the selfie front , his blossoming relationship with towie 's lucy mecklenburgh is sure to only fuel his habit . a selfie-obsessed gym bunny herself , lucy , 23 , has been dating louis since december 2014 . louis has been dating former towie star lucy mecklenburgh since december last year and says they 're very close despite only having been together for four months . of course , they 've got the selfies to prove it . ' having someone to share things with was the one thing missing from my puzzle , ' says louis of his girlfriend lucy mecklenburgh , also a fitness fanatic and avid selfie taker . though the pair have been together for just four months , they 've both been extremely open about their feelings for each other . ' having someone to share things with was the one thing missing from my puzzle , so it’s lovely to be with lucy , ' the strictly champ said . and of course , in true louis and lucy style , the pair have posted the odd couples selfie too , just in case you did n't know just how serious they really were . louis ' selfies have ranged from a view of his very tight boxers , to a topless sunbathing selfie where nothing but a strategically-placed cocktail glass covered up a full frontal view of his manhood . with the help of flavia cacace , louis won bbc 's strictly come dancing in 2012 . 