sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ' promising ' indian cricketer who has died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata . the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest following on-field injury ' . according to reports , keshri colleded with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in kolkata on friday , and though he regained consciousness afterwards , he died in hospital on monday . keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man . ankit keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in kolkata . former national team captain tendulkar , the highest runscorer in test and one-day international history , was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news . tendulkar tweeted : ' saddened by the demise of ankit keshri . a promising career aborted by an unfortunate incident on field . ' may god give strength to ankit 's family and friends to cope with this loss # rip ' . current india batsman ajinkya rahane said : ' very sad to know about ankit keshri . strength to his family and friends . rip . ' manoj tiwary , who has played nine odis for india , wrote : ' i 'm shocked 2 hear d news of under-19 player from bengal named ankit kesri 's demise due to heart attack . my deepest condolences goes out 2 ankit kesri 's family nd frnds . ' a promising player who scored loads of runs at under 19 level nd he wud hav surely played 4 senior bengal in 2 years time . rest in peace younger brother . ' the 20-year-old died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match . the tragedy comes five months after australia batsman phillip hughes died aged 25 after being hit on the neck by a bouncer in a sheffield shield match . keshri was considered an up-and-coming talent on the indian cricket scene . the right-hander was captain of the bengal under-19 team , and was short-listed for india 's under-19 team for the 2014 colts world cup . ' it 's so unfortunate , ' said the bengal cricket association 's subir ganguly . ' he was such a promising cricketer and for him to pass away in such a manner is difficult to swallow . ' india cricket legend sachin tendulkar is among several stars to have given tributes about keshri .