thousands of people , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of norfolk today to wave farewell to the light dragoons . around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham for the final time . they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county . they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire . scroll down for video . final farewell : the light dragoons marched through the streets of dereham , norfolk , as they prepare to wave goodbye to the county . the reconnaissance unit is moving from robertson barracks in swanton morley to catterick , north yorkshire , after 15 years . thank you : more than 4,000 people , including hundreds of school children , lined the route to cheer on the departing troops . patriotic : little poppy-louise brook waves her union flag as she sits on her grandfather 's shoulders to watch her father , lance corporal liam brook , march past in the parade . many of the school children who lined the streets are from military families and will be leaving their classmates to head to yorkshire . the 250 men and women of the regiment were inspected by a number of officials , including the county 's deputy lieutenant brigadier richard heywood . ' we 've found ourselves putting some quite deep roots out here , whether it be in the local community or taking the dog for a walk on beautiful norfolk beaches , ' said commanding officer lieutenant colonel james senior , according to itv news . ' we 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here . but alas all good things must end and we must move onto what 's next for us . ' the light dragoons were originally mounted on fast horses and as a result were able to move quickly across the battlefield . today , they sit on jackal fighting vehicles and they are able to deploy anywhere in the world at very short notice . in 2009 the light dragoons were first given permission to march through dereham with their bayonets fixed . the farewell parade through the town included military vehicles , a jet flypast and the band of the royal armoured corps . the deputy lieutenant of norfolk , brigadier richard heywood , took the salute and inspected the troops . many of the children lining the route were from military families and are also preparing to move to north yorkshire . showing support : thousands of appreciative local people watched the parade , which featured more than 250 soldiers . commanding officer lieutenant colonel james senior said : ' we 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here ' . the light dragoons will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town . the last parade came six years after the regiment were first given permission to march through the town with their bayonets fixed . the light dragoons have a proud 300 year history that has seen them take part in the jacobite rebellions , in the waterloo campaign , charge down the valley of death at the battle of balaclava , and be one of the first ashore at d day . more recently , the regiment was deployed to iraq in 2003 to assist with the stabilisation of the country after saddam hussein 's regime was toppled . they returned again in 2005 to battle counter insurgency and assist with the training of the iraqi police force . in afghanistan the regiment were involved in numerous operations to rid the country of the taliban , as well as assisting with the creation and training of the afghan army . the regiment will hand over the barracks in swanton morley to1st the queen 's dragoon guards , in july . 