atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night , but there was still plenty to talk about after the champions league first leg . here sportsmail looks at the five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in europe . real madrid must be careful with a talent like raphael varane . something has to give at real madrid . carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , who turns 22 later this month , they have a diamond . pepe 's injury trouble recently has meant varane has started a few games , continuing the education that began under jose mourinho . chelsea’s coach has fluttered his eyelashes at the french international a few times during the past year , making sure he 's in pole position should the defender become available . raphael varane ( left ) impressed again for real madrid - and saved . varane will be thinking he is more than ready to be the starting centre-back for a champions league team and with good reason . his performance here was wise beyond his years and his lightning quick turn of pace can help mop up after any errors . one sprint back to deny mario mandzukic was like watching a gazelle catch up with a rhino without even breaking sweat . varane saved his team at the death too , mopping up after iker casillas rushed out his goal and failed to reach the ball . jan oblak is proving patience is a virtue . jan oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in spanish football history when he signed for €16million from benfica in the summer . and then diego simeone promptly dumped him on the bench and installed another new player , miguel angel moya , in goal . there were reports in the spanish media that the coach did not rate him , that atletico wanted to sell him back to the portuguese side . when he finally played , it was a disaster , with the team losing 3-2 to olympiakos and oblak put back on the bench . jan oblak ( centre ) denies gareth bale early on in the contest and the keeper had an impressive game . eventually an injury to moya left simeone with oblak in goal against bayer leverkusen , where he became a hero in the penalty shoot-out which secured the team passage to this round of the champions league , and atletico madrid 's goalkeeper was brilliant again against madrid . the slovenian stopper was the only thing standing between real madrid and a hatful of first-half goals . oblak 's save from gareth bale - spreading himself wide and blocking the welshman 's strike with his right arm - after barely more than three minutes had elapsed was hugely important . it was beautiful , crucial . the amazing atmosphere generated by atletico 's supporters would have been dented by a goal that early . oblak makes a superb save to deny james rodriguez ( third left ) from opening the scoring for real madrid . better was still to come , oblak making a superb save from a james rodriguez snap shot , which he did n't see until very late , the highlight of a first-half in which he made six stops . it was altogether reminiscent of the backbone atletico relied on last season , with goalkeeper thibaut courtois essential in their la liga triumph and road to the champions league final . and all this after sitting on the bench for half the season . another fruitless evening for gareth bale . nobody can say that gareth bale did n't work hard enough for real madrid here , but instead that he just was n't good enough . the world 's most expensive player endured another frustrating evening , which started in the worst way possible when he missed a one-on-one chance . played in down the right , bale had the ball on his favoured left foot , but his finish was too imprecise and oblak made a brilliant save . bale did n't get involved much in the first half , with the game passing him by as sometimes it tends to do . bale ( left ) worked hard again for madrid but failed to have the desired impact as atletico kept him quiet . bale ( right ) sees a shot saved by atletico keeper oblak as he endured another frustrating night . he upped the effort in the second period but to little effect . working back in the right-back position he tried to skin guilherme siqueira , but the atletico man nudged him and bale tumbled . no free kick . in attack he nearly eked out an opportunity for cristiano ronaldo towards the end , but the portugal striker was instantly closed down . it was that kind of night for real madrid , and yet another one for gareth bale . mad mario does n't play for liverpool ... he 's at atletico . atletico madrid are good at replacing their strikers , after they are perennially taken by bigger teams . fernando torres was replaced by sergio aguero , who was replaced by radamel falcao , who was replaced by diego costa , who has now been replaced by mario mandzukic . while the croatian has n't quite lived up to the chelsea striker 's standards in terms of crucial goals , he 's as ready for a fight as the spaniard , and that 's saying something . mandzukic , like costa , also gets short shrift from the referee , with his reputation going before him . he riled dani carvajal up so much here that the real madrid defender snapped and punched him in the chest . the theatrics that followed were part of his skill set of dark arts too , even if referee milorad mazic wasn’t buying . mario mandzukic was left bloodied after a stray elbow from sergio ramos but got little sympathy from the ref . ramos and mandzukic clash , leaving the altetico madrid striker needing treatment for a head injury . a stray elbow from sergio ramos left mandzukic with blood sprayed across his face , but he knows what the deal is at atletico – the pleasure comes with the pain . eventually it was the striker who ended up , somewhat harshly , in the serb’s notebook for fighting too hard in an aerial duel . although he couldn’t find the net himself , his hold-up play was essential in giving atletico some breathing room and it’s for the best that a row with diego simeone seems to have been buried . history says it 's advantage atletico . this season real madrid have taken on atletico seven times and not won once . this was the third draw ; diego simeone 's side have won the other four games . the argentine coach will be pleased with this result , because now a goalscoring draw at the santiago bernabeu next wednesday will see his team through . so far this season madrid have scored four times against atletico , while the rojiblancos have netted 12 in reply , including five at the bernabeu . antoine griezmann ( left ) will be crucial to atletico madrid 's chances of winning in the santiago bernabeu . madrid will be obliged to attack and that will suit atletico just fine . simeone 's side are built to resist and with antoine griezmann up front , they will be able to hit los blancos on the counter . last season chelsea came to the vicente calderon and fought for a 0-0 draw . they took that back to stamford bridge and were soundly beaten by atletico madrid , 3-1 at home . simeone will feel quietly confident his men can repeat the trick once more . furthermore , like for the 4-0 humbling madrid suffered in february , marcelo is suspended and fabio coentrao , who has been out of favour , will play . mario suarez was booked against madrid and suspended too , but tiago mendes can slot in for him without much fuss . 