the hospital where the royal baby is due to be born was forced to close one of its wards after patients contracted a mutant superbug , it has emerged . a surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not accepted new patients in more than a week after eight were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae , or cpe . the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . if all goes to plan , the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital , where her first child , prince george , was born in 2013 . a ward at the hospital where the royal baby is due to be born has been closed after patients contracted a superbug , it has been reported . left , the mother-to-be last month , and the royal couple last week . the zachary cope ward was closed on april 15 when eight patients were found to be carrying cpe , a spokeswoman for for imperial college healthcare nhs trust told mailonline . of these patients , three developed localised infections that required treatment . all have since recovered . the 20-bed unit , which specialises in vascular surgery , is now undergoing a deep cleaning and patients continued to be screened for the bacteria . cpe can live harmlessly in the gut and does not need to be treated . but they can cause potentially fatal infections if they enter the wrong part of the body , such as the blood stream or urine . a 20-bed surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not been accepting new admissions for more than a week after a number of patients were found to be suffering from cpe . above , the exclusive lindo wing . the ward , which specialises in vascular surgery , is on the eighth floor of a building that is across the road from the exclusive lindo wing where the duchess of cambridge will give birth . there is no suggestion the bacteria could spread to other areas of the hospital . a spokeswoman for the imperial college healthcare nhs trust said : ' a ward at st mary’s hospital is temporarily not taking new admissions after we found that a small number of vascular patients were carrying a microorganism in their gut . ' unfortunately three of these patients developed localised infections . all have completely recovered from their infections . ' the hospital is screening other patients on the ward to check for infections . the unit is expected to reopen early next week . if all goes to plan , the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the exclusive lindo wing of the hospital , where her first child , prince george , was born in 2013 . above , the couple outside the wing .