yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace on the same day al-qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak . security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates , including one of their leaders khalid batarfi . batarfi is among al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops during which extremists seized large parts of the south and east . rebels : armed houthi members raise their guns aloft while shouting anti-saudi slogans during a rally protesting airstrikes carried out by a saudi-led coalition , yesterday . two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes , the official said . elsewhere , the advance by iran-backed rebels into aden , the last bastion of hadi supporters came despite a week of saudi-led air strikes . a senior security official who witnessed the advance said : ' dozens of houthi militia and their allies arrived in armoured troop carriers and entered al-maashiq presidential palace ' . heavy clashes erupted afterwards between the rebels and their opponents inside the compound . a defence ministry official in aden later confirmed the fall of the palace , saying it was now controlled by forces loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh , which have allied with the huthis . escalating : damage caused by reported saudi-airstrikes . reports today say yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace . war-zone : yemenis walk around the damage caused by an airstrike allegedly carried out by a saudi-led coalition against a houthi rebels position in the city of yarim . the rebels have seized swathes of the country including the capital sanaa . at least 44 people , including 18 civilians , were reported dead in fierce fighting between opponents and supporters of hadi in the southern port city today . ' there are bodies and wounded in the streets and nobody dares to approach , ' said khaled al-shaie , a resident in the central neighbourhood of crater . hadi fled to aden from the capital after the huthi shiite rebels seized power in february , and the palace came under fire from warplanes twice during his stay . carnage : a yemeni man inspects his house damaged by an airstrike allegedly carried out by a saudi-led coalition , yesterday . today , rebel forces seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace . he went into hiding last week as the rebels bore down on what was his last stronghold , later surfacing in the saudi capital as riyadh launched an air war on the rebels . saudi arabia announced thursday its first casualties since launching the offensive , with one soldier killed and 10 more wounded by gunfire from across the yemeni border . rights groups have expressed alarm at civilian casualties , including in an air strike on a camp for displaced people and the bombing of a dairy . several dozen people were killed in both incidents . `` all sides in yemen 's conflict need to do what they can to avoid harming civilians , '' said joe stork of new york-based human rights watch . in the southern province of dhaleh , huthis killed 40 rebel fighters who tried to desert after their commander urged them to lay down their arms because of the intense air strikes , military sources said . diplomats in new york said gulf countries were locked in tough negotiations with russia on a un draft resolution to impose an arms embargo and sanctions on the rebels .     