sharon winters was searching for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack . now her brother stephen robinson , 44 , from wirral , merseyside , is speaking for the first time since his sister 's murder , to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online . the father-of-seven said : ' she was a lonely heart just wanting love . that animal preyed on her caring nature . ' sharon winters , pictured here with her brother stephen robinson , was looking for her soulmate online . kevin hawke has been jailed for 17 and a half years for murdering sharon in a frenzied attack triggered by an argument over what to watch on the television . mr robinson told how his 39-year-old sister suffered more than 90 injuries after hawke stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife . he said that the vicious attack was triggered by a row over what to watch on the television . afterwards , the 33-year-old killer , who had drunk 15 pints and a bottle of vodka over the course of the day , had a beer before calling the police . hawke was jailed for a minimum of 17-and-a-half years after he admitted the murder in july last year . liverpool crown court was told hawke , of no fixed abode , moved into ms winters ' house after just one date , and started being very controlling with her . mrs winters suffered from depression and had learning difficulties and mr robinson said : ' i still ca n't believe someone would want to hurt my poor , defenseless sister in such a horrific manner . ' devoted aunt sharon is pictured here with her niece ellie , stephen 's daughter . he had begged her to end the relationship after hearing that hawke would ' push his sister around ' . but ms winters told her brother that she was ' just desperate to be loved ' and stopped speaking to him . mr robinson said : ' she continued her relationship with that monster . ' just three days later , on july 13 , 2014 , police found ms winters dead in her flat in liverpool . he is now determined that his sister 's death will not in vain and is appealing for women in violent relationships to seek help , and be cautious when online dating . ' sharon was the kindest , most loving sister . all she wanted to do was find her soulmate , ' he said . ' she wore her heart on her sleeve . she was kind and caring - a lovely woman . ' ms winters , who was unable to work due to depression , started going on dating websites in 2013 . father-of-seven mr robinson disapproved , fearing that men were taking advantage of his susceptible younger sister . he said : ' i used to check up on her all the time , i was incredibly protective . sharon winters was lonely and felt that kevin hawke was the only man who wanted her ; sharon , pictured with her mother ann , had very low self-esteem , says her brother stephen . ' one day when i was taking her over some shopping , i noticed she was looking brighter , and she told me she 'd met someone online . ' she showed me their messages to one another and i was horrified . they were very sexual and he 'd even sent her pictures of his privates . ' i feared he was just after one thing , and told her as much . she said that chatting to men online made her feel good about herself . ' she got frustrated by my disapproval , so i dropped the subject . i just begged her to meet these dates in busy places . ' however , ms winters would often invite men she met online back to her home , meeting them there face-to-face for the first time . mr robinson said : ' for all her amazing qualities , my sister lacked common sense . she 'd been bullied throughout childhood and felt like she was worthless , that she was unlovable . ' my wife helen and i tried to build up her self-esteem , and our children loved spending time with their aunty . stephen is trying to raise awareness of the dangers of online dating after his sister lost her life at the hands of a man she met on the internet . stephen robinson describes his sister as a ' lonely heart who just wanted love ' . ' but at the end of the day she just wanted someone she could share her life with . ' ms winters thought she 'd found that someone when she met hawke , a chef , on a dating website . mr robinson said : ' from the off she was smitten . she called me up after meeting him for the first time , saying it was love and that he was moving in . ' i was concerned , but did n't say anything to sharon . i knew it would upset her . instead my wife and i arranged a dinner with the new couple , only kevin did n't show . ' we rescheduled for the next day and the same thing happened again . by now i was also hearing rumours that kevin was being aggressive towards sharon , so i pleaded with her to end it . ' all she said was , `` no one else wants me ' '' , and it was heartbreaking to hear . ' mr robinson 's pleas fell on deaf ears , and ms winters stopped talking to her brother . it would be the last time they 'd ever speak . he said : ' we had a bit of an argument about it , and three days later i called her to apologise . ' she did n't pick up her phone , which was odd , so i decided to head over to see her . i quickly checked the football scores before i left . ' as mr robinson checked his local news website , he also saw a news story so devastating it would change his life forever . he saw a picture of his sister 's home with the headline : ' a 39-year-old woman has been found dead in her flat . ' he said : ' i felt sick to my stomach . i called the police who told me the news , sharon was dead . ' i knew immediately who had killed her . we were eventually told kevin hawke had called the police after killing my sister , and had been charged with her murder . ' as we waited for the trial i planned sharon 's funeral . we had a butterfly theme as they were sharon 's favourite – delicate and beautiful , just like her . ' during the trial at liverpool crown court mr robinson heard how the couple had been rowing over what to watch on tv . an alcoholic , hawke had drunk 15 pints of lager and a bottle of vodka . stephen , pictured here with his daughters sophie ( left ) and ellie , on a trip to sea world , begged sharon to meet online dates in a busy public place rather than at her house . mr robinson said : ' it was horrendous to listen to . apparently sharon had begged for her life and held her hands up to protect herself . if only i 'd been there . ' he was savage , her injuries were unbelievable . he 'd even ripped through her ribcage . ' when the judge sentenced him to life in prison it was justice of sorts , but all i really want is my beloved sister back . ' after the case we went to get sharon 's belongings , and you could still see blood on the walls even through the flat had been cleaned . it must have been a bloodbath . ' now mr robinson is trying to raise awareness about domestic violence as well as letting women know the dangers of online dating . ' i hope by telling sharon 's story , people will be more wary about who they are chatting to online and make sure , if they do meet up , it 's in a busy public place . ' kevin was aggressive towards sharon before he killed her , and i wish she 'd gone for help . ' instead my poor sister suffered in silence , with tragic consequences . ' 