they were young men from stable families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls , money and fast cars at their fingertips . what andrew chan , then aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , came to have in common was the belief that smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake - that they could get away with it . thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead . scroll down for video . andrew chan , pictured aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , pictured during their first trial in october of 2005 , were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches , after being disillusioned by their jobs . thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected , the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine and their tragic tale will shortly come to an end . dubbed the masterminds behind the $ 4 million drug plot from the very beginning , the death penalty has never left the table for chan and sukumaran since they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials . but a glance at their working-class backgrounds would never have led anyone to predict their dismal fate . chan , the youngest of four children and the son of chinese immigrants , once described himself as the black sheep of his family . he worked as a supervisor for the catering company eurest , where he first met renae lawrence , martin stephens and matthew norman , who he would later recruit into the drug smuggling roles that landed them in various indonesian prisons . sukumaran , a university drop-out and the eldest of three , still lived with his parents while working in a mail room . the bali nine trials began in october 2005 at denpasar district court : top row ( from l-r ) myuran sukumaran , andrew chan and martin eric stephens , 2nd row ( from l-r ) chen si yi , tach duc thanh nguyen and matthew norman , and 3rd row ( from l-r ) scott rush , michael czugaj and renae lawrence . both men , who first met at a party in 2002 despite attending the same sydney high school , had one thing in common ; they were disillusioned by their jobs and had been won over by the riches and lifestyle that selling drugs promised . ' i do n't think i was really going anywhere in life . i do n't think , you know , i was achieving too much , even though i had a stable job and all… i was a drug user , ' chan told dateline in a 2010 interview in which sukumaran also admitted : ' i did n't see myself working in the mail room for the next 50 years of my life ' . he continued : ' i thought `` no , i ca n't do this '' , then you see all these people like in night clubs with nice bmws , and nice mercedes and there 's always chicks there , and they was buying drinks for everyone and you think `` f*** '' , how do you do this on a mail room salary ' . both men were arrested on april 17 in 2005 . chan was intercepted at denpasar airport along with scott rush , michael czugaj , lawrence and stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs , while sukumaran was found at the melasti beach bungalows hotel on kuta beach with tan duc thanh nguyen , si yi chen and norman . the latter were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including elastoplast , scales and plastic wrap . both men were arrested on april 17 in 2005 . chan was intercepted at denpasar airport along with scott rush , michael czugaj , lawrence and stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs ( pictured ) . sukumaran was found at the melasti beach bungalows hotel on kuta beach with tan duc thanh nguyen , si yi chen and norman . pictured : scott rush ( left and right ) with heroin strapped to his stomach and legs after being arrested . renae lawrence is pictured being searched by police . the latter group were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including elastoplast , scales and plastic wrap . it 's difficult to imagine the two men , now in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation , as the gangster thugs that threatened the lives of their drug mules . although the indonesian courts concluded that it could not be proven , rush and lawrence both claimed that chan had threatened their families ' lives if they did not follow his orders . meanwhile prosecutors accused sukumaran of being uncooperative and having no remorse for his actions , making it all the easier to push for the death penalty . by october , the trials had begun for the bali nine at denpasar district court and within just five months on february 14 in 2006 , chan and sukumaran were sentenced to death by firing squad . stephens , czugaj , lawrence , nguyen , chen , norman and rush meanwhile , were given life in prison during trials between february 13 and 15 . however by the 17th , all of them had appealed their sentences except rush , marking the beginning of a long battle with prosecutors as their verdicts wavered between death and life in prison . although the indonesian courts concluded that it could not be proven , rush and lawrence both claimed that chan had threatened their families lives if they did not follow his orders . it 's difficult to imagine the two men , now in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation , as the gangster thugs that threatened the lives of their drug mules . renae lawrence is the only bali nine member who was given a reduced sentence of 20 years , while the other six ( chan and sukumaran excluded ) were sentenced to life in prison . pictured nguyen ( left ) and rush ( right ) . finally in 2011 , rush was the last of the smugglers to be sentenced to life in prison along with five others . renae lawrence is the only bali nine member who was given a reduced sentence of 20 years . all seven are now waiting out their sentences from inside various indonesian jails scattered around the country . chan and sukumaran 's death sentence on the other hand , would never budge . an initial appeal of the death penalty was rejected by the bali high court in april of 2006 at a time when australia 's prime minister at the time , john howard , refused to interfere . a second attempt , this time requesting for a judicial review in august 2010 , were supported by prison officials who attested to their rehabilitation . chan , covered in tattoos and gold jewellery upon his arrest , had transformed into a devout christian minister ordained by the bayside church in melbourne . all seven are now waiting out their sentences from inside various indonesian jails scattered around the country . they fought a long battle with prosecutors as their verdicts wavered between death and life in prison . several trips : panel beater turned drug mule renae lawrence made two successful trips for chan from bali with heroin strapped to her body , but was caught on the third , in april 2005 , and sentenced to 20 years . former wollongong bartender , martin stephens ( left ) and sydney catering worker matthew norman ( right ) , pictured at kerobokan jail , bali , in 2007 , two years after they were duped by chan who had promised them quick riches by acting as heroin mules in bali . skumaran meanwhile , had obtained an associate degree in fine art from curtin university in perth and became known for his haunting paintings . both organised and ran various classes , including english and art classes , for their fellow inmates and spoke out in media interviews about their lengthy imprisonment and how they reflected on their past with regret . both judicial review requests were rejected by july 2011 , leading the duo to appeal for presidential clemency from indonesia 's then president susilo bambang yudhoyono in the following year . but a two year long wait amounted to nothing as both men had their pleas reject by joko widodo , who was elected in july of 2014 and by december had announced his hard-line stance on drug smugglers . the first four months of 2015 has proved to be a complete nightmare for chan and sukumaran and their families . handcuffed and shackled , andrew chan cut a bleak figure as he was transferred from bali to central java and a prison cell on ' death island ' . utter despair was etched on myuran sukumaran 's face as he was led away to be transferred to nusakambangan where he is due to face the death penalty . it began with the rejection of their clemency and the announcement that they would be amongst those next executed . in the following months judicial reviews were rejected , legal appeals failed along with appeals against the refusal for clemency and prisoner swaps were refused as the men 's lawyers mounted a new case in the constitutional court . the pleas of australian prime minister tony abbott , foreign minister julie bishop and the grand mufti of australia , dr ibrahim abu mohamed , fell on deaf ears as mr widodo repeatedly made his stance on drug smugglers clear - there would be no mercy .  