she may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of new york in recent weeks , but princess eugenie proves she can dress to impress too . the 25-year-old royal , who has been living in the us for a year now , looked glamorous as she arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival . the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment . princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival . wearing her hair in its signature sleek bob , the royal fashionista accessoried her outfit with a peach clutch and matching court shoes . princess eugenie mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event , which was also attended by dakota fanning . dakota donned a sleeveless navy velvet dress along with a pair of strappy silver heels while hitting the red carpet at the event during the tribeca film festival . the war of the worlds actress accessorised the look with a blue leather clutch and matching navy watch . the 25-year-old , who has been living in new york for a year now , looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment and matching clutch bag and shoes . princess eugenie , who works in an auction house in new york , mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event . during the actual dinner , she was spotted sitting next to actress from hbo 's the newsroom alison pill while enjoying the festivities together . also in attendance was jennifer morrison , who wowed in white in a half-sleeved dress featuring sheer panels , which she paired with white leather heels . kelly brook was the yin to her yang as she donned a lacy sleeveless black mini dress along with matching patent leather heels for the occasion . the event was also attended by young starlet dakota fanning , left , and fledgling thespian kelly brook , right . princess eugenie has been living in new york for a year now , and , as these photos attest , she is right at home in the cosmopolitan city . at the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the uk , celebrated her 25th birthday . in the middle of a palace function , her father , prince andrew , whipped out his ipad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in manhattan . eugenie has been in new york for the past year , working for an online auction house . the duke of york holds an ipad as he invites the audience at the pitch @ palace event to sing happy birthday via facetime to his daughter princess eugenie . princess eugenie of york , pictured with her sister beatrice at attend the serpentine gallery summer party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure . 