a photographer has captured dozens of elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of europe 's biggest tributes to the king . graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire , and the european elvis championships in birmingham . the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ' the kings of england ' . he said : ' elvis was a unique phenomenon , the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide . ' britain is the european centre for elvis tribute activity and hosts of the biggest and best contests in the world . the fans i met were in mainly quite old although , there 's a new generation of people discovering the music of the king . ' i hope to show the colour , the razzmatazz and the fun of the elvis tribute world . elvis was a one off but all around europe , and to varying degrees of success , men women and even children are paying tribute to a remarkable performer and cultural phenomenon , having a good time in the process . ' a selection of his work is on a uk gallery tour until 2017 , ans is currently on show at the cooper in barnsley , south yorkshire . mr oxby has also set up akickstarter page to help fund ' the kings of england ' book - a tribute to the fans and impersonators he has met . graeme oxby documented the dedicated impersonators at events across britain as part of his series called ' the kings of england ' . three men , all with elvis ' trademark sideburns and hairstyle , sip drinks as they attend the elvis weekender in bridlington in 2013 . elvis impersonator gary graceland in birmingham 2014 ( left ) and polk salad annie at bridlington elvis competition 2013 ( right ) . mr oxby said most of the impersonators were older , but some children were also involved . above , elvis boy in birmingham , 2014 . these two fans were photographed at the elvis weekender in bridlington , 2013 ( left ) and french elvis , elvis gourdon performs in 2014 . impersonator rob willis , dressed in a dazzling gold , spangly suit , reclines on a lavish armchair at an event in birmingham 2014 . an elvis fan at europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , 2014 , left , and impersonator fisher stevens performs in birmingham 2014 , right ) . a four-year-old elvis impersonator performs in bridlington , 2014 , where fans gathered to share in their love of the king . impersonator dean mack at europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , 2014 , left , and s bobby diamond , the self-described black elvis from hull . elvis impersonators wait backstage as they prepare for their performances at the elvis weekender in bridlington , 2013 . dressed in a vibrant paisley-print shirt , elias boswell , known as little elvis , relaxes on a chair in this photograph taken in 2014 . ben thompson is pictured backstage at the elvis weekender in bridlington 2013 ( left ) and italian elvis emanuel febbo in 2014 . the photo shows john james hindle , known as elvis on wheels , dressed in a signature elvis jumpsuit , in accrington , 2014 . german elvis , guido elvoice regenhard in 2014 ( left ) and steve halliday sings at the elvis weekender in bridlington , 2013 , right .