the finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside helsinki after twice detecting the presence of a foreign object . the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades . finland , which shares an 833-mile border with russia , has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises . a finnish coastguard ship tracks the underwater object - believed to have been a russian submarine - in the waters near the capital helsinki . border patrol boats first identified an underwater target yesterday , before detecting it again early this morning and dropping ' warning ' depth charges . finland defence minister carl haglund did not say whether russia was involved but told local media that it was extremely rare for the military to use such warning charges . pictured is a finnish navy boat . the finland incident comes just months after sweden 's armed forces hunted unsuccessfully for what they believed to have been a foreign submarine close to stockholm . it comes just months after sweden suspected russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital stockholm . in what was sweden 's biggest mobilisation since the cold war , its navy hunted unsuccessfully for a week for what they believed to be a foreign submarine after several observations were made . swedish officials never blamed any country , though most defense analysts said russia was a likely culprit . today finland defence minister carl haglund did not say whether russia was involved but told local media that the target could have been a submarine , and that it has likely left the area , adding that finland has rarely used such warning charges . he said : ' we strongly suspect that there has been underwater activity that does not belong there . finland first alerted its navy to a ' possible underwater target ' about midday yesterday . ' of course it is always serious if our territorial waters have been violated , ' he told finnish news agency stt . moscow retorted immediately , saying moves by finland and sweden towards closer ties with nato were of ' special concern ' . in a statement , the finland ministry of defence said its surveillance system first alerted its navy to a ' possible underwater target ' within territorial waters about midday yesterday . a second detection was then made early this morning after the navy began searching for the object , and underwater depth charges were fired at 3am . commodore olavi jantunen told helsingin sanomat newspaper : ' the bombs are not intended to damage the target , the purpose is to let the target know that it has been noticed . ' reports of a submarine spotted off stockholm last year led to sweden 's biggest mobilization since the cold war . regional tensions were reflected earlier in april after an unprecedented hawkish joint statement by nordic countries - sweden , norway , finland , denmark and iceland - that directly cited the russian ' challenge ' as grounds to increase defense cooperation .