ed miliband was last night accused of snubbing britain’s army of self-employed workers – for refusing to send them a special election message . the labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his party’s ‘ union paymasters’ . in a special election edition , the magazine of the respected association of independent professionals and the self-employed ( ipse ) carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . scroll down for video . no message : ed miliband was last night accused of snubbing britain’s army of self-employed workers – for refusing to send them a special election message in the ipse magazine . but while david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature , there is no message from mr miliband . instead , the magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been – with a sharp rebuke . it reads : ‘ despite repeated requests , labour leader ed miliband decided not to take up ipse’s offer to outline his views on the uk’s 4.5 million self-employed . ’ last night , ipse chief executive chris bryce said : ‘ we were disappointed that mr miliband didn’t take up our offer to engage with this vibrant community . ’ refused to contribute : while david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature , there is no message from mr miliband in the magazine . but one leading self-employed businessman said : ‘ labour depends on union subscriptions for funding and in reality , few of the self-employed are union members . this is not so much a slap in the face to the self-employed as a left hook . ’ labour last night denied it had delivered a snub . a party spokesman said : ‘ we want to do all we can to ensure a better deal for self-employed people . ’ but the conservatives and lib dems seized on the row . tory chairman grant shapps said : ‘ some of our greatest success stories started with a self-employed person and an idea . ' ed miliband’s approach is to snub enterprising people and tax them into the ground . ’ lib dem treasury chief secretary danny alexander said : ‘ this is another labour slap in the face for the millions of self-employed who bring energy and dynamism to our economy . this is a vital sector that deserves respect and admiration . ‘ every time figures show this sector is growing , labour sneer . ’ 