juventus have ruled out a move for manchester united loan star radamel falcao after claiming the colombia striker 's wages are ' beyond their means ' . falcao has endured a difficult period at old trafford after arriving in an expensive loan deal from monaco last summer . the 29-year-old is unlikely to remain at the club after scoring only four goals and failing to force his way into louis van gaal 's starting xi . juventus general manager beppe marotta has claimed that falcao wanted to come to turin last summer but the serie a champions have now taken themselves out of the race to sign him . radamel falcao ( right ) has scored only four goals since arriving at manchester united from monaco . the colombian is expected to leave in the summer , although juventus claim they can not afford him . ' falcao is a monaco player on loan at manchester united and his wages are substantial and beyond our means , ' marotta told la gazzetta dello sport . ' it 's utopian to imagine him in a juventus shirt . ' however , marotta did claim the italians , who reached the champions league semi-finals at the expense of monaco on wednesday , were interested in strike pair paulo dybala and edinson cavani . with former manchester city striker carlos tevez set to return to boca juniors at the end of the season , juventus need to reinforce their forward line with palermo 's dybala and edinson of paris saint germain at the top of their wishlist . the serie a champions have expressed an interest in highly rated palermo youngster paulo dybala . with dybala rated at £35m , psg 's unsettled striker edinson cavani could be a cheaper alternative . ' we do like dybala and he is one of our objectives , ' marotta said . ' i wo n't hide the fact that i have met with [ palermo president maurizio ] zamparini -- even if i do go and deny it , he will only blurt it out anyway . ' he 's a great player , but alongside him you need experienced players too . we 're trying to find an agreement with zamparini for this player who we like , but we 're not the only ones who like him . let 's just see what happens . ' juventus players celebrate after beating monaco to reach the champions league semi-finals . the 21-year-old , who has scored 13 goals this term , is rated at £35million by his club - a fee that the old lady would not be prepared to meet , leading marotta to also express his interest in uruguay forward cavani . ' we 've not had any contact with paris saint-germain for cavani , but if he were to be placed on the market , then we would have a little chat , ' marotta said . 