danny lennon 's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday . the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016 . paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7 . danny lennon has left his role as interim scotland under 21 manager . lennon , who left the buddies in may 2014 , took charge of the scotland under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against hungary last month . the scottish fa issued a statement which read : ' the scottish fa can confirm that danny lennon 's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach has now come to an end . ' danny leaves with the association 's best wishes after dedicating himself to the stewardship of the team for the 2-1 victory against hungary in tatabanya last month . ' stewart regan , scottish fa chief executive added : ' i would like to thank danny for the professionalism and enthusiasm with which he took charge of the under 21 squad . ' while danny was aware of the short-term nature of the job , his preparation for the match was meticulous and he was rewarded with a victory that he will savour for years to come . the former st mirren manager looks set to take over at scottish championship club alloa athletic . ' i know he thrives on the day-to-day involvement of club management and i am certain he will be a success in his next challenge . on behalf of the scottish fa i wish danny the best of luck for the future . ' lennon said : ' i knew from the outset this was an interim appointment but it was an honour and pleasure to serve my country at international level . ' i put everything into making sure the under-21s got a positive result and i would like to thank the players and coaching staff for ensuring a great performance and a win , one i will treasure for the rest of my career . ' i would like to thank stewart regan and everyone at the scottish fa and would welcome the opportunity to work with them again in the future . ' a permanent appointment for the role of national under 21 coach will be made in due course . 