a pensioner has been fitted with a magnetic nose after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with a rare cancer . richard curry , from loveclough in lancashire , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum , the thin strip which separates the nostrils . he was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic . pensioner richard curry , who wears a prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets , after his own had to be removed when he was diagnosed with cancer . but in order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place , the 71-year-old then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the royal blackburn hospital . and now mr curry has spoken of his shock at how successful the operation has been of keeping his new nose in place . he said : ' losing my nose was something of a shock but i did n't have much choice because this kind of cancer is one of the most dangerous you can get . the 71-yer-old had a procedure to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity in order to hold his prosthetic in place . ' i ws just grateful it was caught in time and removed , and when they mentioned they could attach a new one with magnets , i just thought it was amazing . ' mr curry 's nose was removed in 2013 , after he spotted traces of blood in a tissue , and the implants were gradually inserted of the course of the next 12 months . he added : ' in the early days i was n't quite sure how much adhesive to put on , and my stick-on nose would sometimes fall off in hot weater , for example . ' and there was an incident in asda which gave the girl on the till a bit of a shock . ' the implants were all ready last september and i was so pleased with the results . ' it 's comfortable and it looks good , and i 've even still got my sense of smell . ' i just need to get it touched up for colour every now and then , like before going on holiday so it matches my skin . ' mr curry , a retired civil servant , who lives with his partner james rogerson now wears his new nose all day but removes it at night when he goes to bed . a check-up last month found no signs of the cancer returning when he met with prosthetist tony simpson , maxillofacial surgeon gary cousin and ear , nose and throat specialist paddy morar . mr morar said : ' cancers of the nose are not that common at all , you probably only get one every three years or so , so this was a very unusual procedure . mr curry 's prosthetic nose , which is held on by magnets . specialist paddy morar says it is fairly common to use magnets to attach prosthetic ears , but was the first time they had used them to attach a nose . ' magnets are used quite commonly with prosthetic ears , but this was the first time we had used them to attach a nose . ' richard could n't have radiotherapy so it had to be surgery and we were extremely impressed by his attitude throughout , he 's a very strong character and a model patient . ' it just shows there is life after this kind of radical surgery . ' 