neuroscientists have succeeded in creating ' ghosts ' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected ' presence ' in the room . the spooky experiment which conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory has proved once and for all that it 's only our mind playing tricks . the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain , the researchers say . scroll down for video . the scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain . ' this confirms that it is caused by an altered perception of their own bodies in the brain , ' said professor olaf blanke of the ecole polytechnique federale de lausanne ( epfl ) in switzerland . blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device . behind them , the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back . when conducted in real time , the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement . however , when the scientists introduced a temporal delay of just a few milliseconds , the distorting of temporal and spatial perception induced the ' ghostly ' feeling . the sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers . under normal circumstances the brain is able to form a unified self-perception , but lead researcher olaf blanke explained that when this malfunctions the brain creates a second representation of its body . ' most of the research predicts that we can not tickle ourselves because our brain precisely predicts of one hand , of my hand , touching my body or touching one or another position . however , if this is not fully integrated because i 'm doing it or if i can not correctly predict because somebody else were to touch me ; in those cases of uncertainty , very often in those cases of double touch , the response is that you feel ticklish or tickled by somebody else , ' said blanke who is leading the research at the swiss federal institute of technology in lausanne , switzerland ( epfl ) . the findings appear to explain the common experience people have of feeling an unseen presence , even a guardian angel , demon or apparition stalking their movements . these are frequently reported by people in extreme physical or emotional situations , such as mountaineers and explorers , or those grieving for a lost loved one . they are also associated with medical conditions that affect the brain , including epilepsy , migraine , schizophrenia and cancer . blanke 's team began by analyzing the brains of 12 patients with neurological disorders who have reported having such a secondary representation of their body , in other words a ghost sensation . mri scans revealed abnormalities with three brain regions involved in self-awareness , movement and the sense of position in space . these brain regions together contribute to multi sensory signal processing , important for the perception of one 's own body . the scientists then conducted an experiment to ' trigger ' a similar neurological sensation in healthy subjects . blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device . behind them , the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back . when conducted in real time , the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement . however , when the scientists introduced a temporal delay of just a few milliseconds , the distorting of temporal and spatial perception induced the ' ghostly ' feeling . ' we built a robot which allows us to distort this signal , which makes it hard - or impossible actually - our robot makes it impossible for our healthy subjects now to predict those signals . artificial ' ghosts ' have been conjured up by scientists in an experiment so spooky that two participants asked for it to stop . by having signals mixed up in their brains ( shown ) , volunteers were made to feel that a creepy ' presence ' was behind them . they counted up to four phantoms positioned where no-one was standing . ' and one side effect of this was , instead of saying that i 'm touching myself or that i 'm touching with my index finger my own body ; subjects reported in those scenarios where we distorted the signal that somebody else was touching them . ' and this somebody else ; actually some subjects reacted very strongly and they reported that not only that somebody else was touching them , but somebody else was also present . ' so strong , that some of them decided not to finish the experiment , ' said blanke . the robot creates a disconnect between the movements subjects make and the sensations they were expecting , mixing up ' sensorimotor ' brain signals of individuals so that their brains no longer recognized input signals as belonging to their own body . blanke said the system mimics the sensations of some patients with mental disorders or of healthy individuals under extreme circumstances . the study , published in current biology , said that ' simple sensorimotor conflicts induced , in healthy subjects , an experience that shares crucial aspects with positive , first-rank symptoms in schizophrenia ' . blanke says the main aim of the study is to better understand some of the symptoms of neurological or psychiatric conditions , such as schizophrenia . he hopes the research could lead to a similar robotic system that does n't induce neurological symptoms , but helps patients overcome such sensations . ' we are very interested in pursuing this line of work to build similar robotic devices based on our prototype that do not induce psychotic symptoms in healthy subjects but a similar robot that could be used to down regulate psychotic symptoms in actual patients . ' here an unamed participant takes part in the experiment . the robot made humans feel the illusory presence of a non-existent ' ghost ' . the study was conducted on 12 individuals with various neurological conditions such as epilepsy , stroke , migraine and tumours . such therapies , he says , could include a wearable device that would help neurological patients down-regulate - or reduce - these feelings ; in effect a device to reverse the sensations they created in the lab . ' a more future version we are still working on at the moment could be a completely wearable set-up of the device that you have seen . so this is something that the patient will have maybe inserted in his clothes ; smart textiles in a way . and should there be strong manifestations in this case , one could provide feedback in a way that is now not optimized to induce such a psychotic state but to dis-regulate or to down-regulate such a state . ' two of the 12 healthy participants were so disturbed by the experience that they asked the scientists to halt the experiment , the results of which appear in the journal current biology .