education secretary nicky morgan today signalled she would quit the cabinet if the tories entered a power-sharing deal with ukip . the senior tory said nigel farage is ' not my cup of tea ' and would question whether she was ' happy to serve ' with the ukip leader . david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the conservatives , but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority . scroll down for video . education secretary nicky morgan signalled she would quit the cabinet if the tories entered a power-sharing deal with ukip . mr farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders ' debate to target people with hiv coming to britain . the ukip leader was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv , 60 per cent were born abroad . after saying this was something the other leaders would be ' mortified that i dare to even talk about it ' , he said : ' you can come to britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 per year per patient . ' i know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need is to put the national health service there for the british people and families who have paid into this system for decades . ' it later emerged the comments were pre-planned in what ukip insiders called a ' shock and awful ' strategy . in an interview with the times , mrs morgan condemned the remarks . she said : ' to say that in a calculated way to appeal to your core vote is pretty stomach-turning . ' she added it is a ' legitimate question ' to ask senior tories about the make-up of future coalitions , if as the polls suggest no party gets an overall majority . ukip leader nigel farage , who spent today on a boat in grimsby with reality tv star joey essex , has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition . but mrs morgan suggested she would not be willing to sit around the cabinet table with ukip : ' i can give you the answer which is that we are not talking about anything but a majority government . ' but i think if we end up in coalition discussion territory people will have to ask themselves who they are happy to serve with . ' it is difficult envisaging what might happen but nigel farage is not my cup of tea . ' mr farage , who spent today on a boat in grimsby with reality tv star joey essex , has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition . but he would demand a referendum on britain leaving the eu as the price for ukip mps supporting a tory minority government . however , recent polls have suggested support for ukip is slipping and mr farage might struggle to win his own seat in south thanet . mr farage yesterday admitted ukip has ' slipped back a bit ' in the polls as the sense of euphoria among the party 's supporters has waned . the ukip leader has seen support for his party drop from 16.75 per cent in november to just 12.25 per cent today , with voters appearing to switch to the tories in the run up to the election . mr farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in thanet south , kent - despite enjoying a 12 point lead over his conservative rival just two months ago . speaking on a tour of the midlands , he added : ' we are exactly where we were last august , having won the european elections - we were on 14-and-a-bit per cent . ' we won the european elections , we found that level and we did have a rally in the autumn through the remarkable events of first clacton and then perhaps more remarkably the rochester by-election . ' we 've slipped back a bit since then , there are 30 days to go and i think the issues ukip is campaigning on are back in play . ' david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ' come home ' to the conservatives , but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority . mrs morgan is the only senior tory minister defending a marginal seat , in loughborough . elected in 2010 , with a majority of 3,744 , mrs morgan became a treasury minister in 2013 before being promoted to the cabinet in july last year . her rejection of the idea of power-sharing with ukip comes after weeks of contradictory statements from senior conservatives . in january , tory party chairman grant shapps insisted his party would not enter a deal with mr farage . he said : ' i can rule [ it ] out , we are not going to do pacts and deal with ukip , we are looking for an overall majority . ' but mr cameron has only said that he is pushing for a majority , telling mailonline in february : ' i 'm not going to speculate about any outcome other than victory . ' on tuesday he issued a plea to those who had left the tory fold : ' look , we 've heard the message loud and clear about the things you want to see changed and we 'll change those things . come with us , come back home to us , rather than risk all of this good work being undone . '