a woman convicted of killing her five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt has been sentenced to 20 years to life in prison . lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . spears who chronicled her son garnett 's illnesses on a personal blog called ' garnett 's journey ' and other social media , was convicted by a jury in white plains , new york , last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at westchester medical center . scroll down for video . lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears at a suburban new york hospital ( pictured wednesday ) . lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . she showed no emotion when she was sentenced . the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty ' . the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still ' unfathomable in its cruelty . ' prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence , saying spears made her son ill because she had a bizarre need for attention . spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life - he called her a hardworking single mother who gave her son unconditional love . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . poignant : spears is seen here with her son garnett . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . spears ' lawyer stephen riebling said she was innocent , blamed the hospital for negligence , and said he plans to appeal the verdict . while awaiting sentencing , where she faces a maximum penalty of 25 years to life in prison , she was being held at westchester county jail in valhalla , said a spokesman for westchester district attorney janet difiore . prosecutors blamed spears , who lived in chestnut ridge , about 32 miles ( 51 km ) north of new york city , for her son 's short and tormented life . prosecutors blamed spears , who lived in chestnut ridge , about 32 miles ( 51 km ) north of new york city , for her son'sshort and tormented life . ' throughout his five years , garnett spears was forced to suffer through repeated hospitalizations , unneeded surgical procedures and ultimately poisoning with salt , all at the hands of the one person who should have been his ultimate protector : his mother , ' difiore said after spears was convicted . ' using the child 's ' illnesses ' to self aggrandize herself , her actions directly lead to her son 's tortured death , ' the prosecutor said . spears told investigators that her blond , blue-eyed son , whose father was killed in a car accident , suffered from a slew of medical problems from chrohn 's and celiac diseases to ear abnormalities , according to court papers . her social media posts about his ongoing problems and hospitalizations , including photos of his final hours on life support , were introduced as evidence by the prosecution at trial . defense attorneys said the evidence did not prove murder . they have promised an appeal of the conviction . spears did not testify at the trial . 