arsenal will help abou diaby resurrect his playing career this summer whether or not he stays with the club . the midfielder 's contract expires in june and talks over his future will not commence until after the season . manager arsene wenger has hinted he could offer the frenchman a new contract - but only on a pay-as-you play basis given his poor injury record . injury-plagued midfielder abou diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season . the frenchman been continuing his latest recovery while playing for arsenal under 21s against reading . diaby will be allowed to use the training facilities at the emirates even if he does not stay at the club . and even if he does n't not extend his stay at the emirates stadium , the gunners will ensure diaby has the best possible chance of reviving his flagging career this summer . arsenal will allow the 28-year-old to use the club 's state-of-the-art facilities at their london colney hq in order to maintain his fitness until he finds a new club . wenger has a close bond with diaby , helping the injury-prone star through years of hell on the club 's treatment table . and the gunners manager wants to help diaby get his career back on track , even if it 's not in north london . diaby is approaching fitness following another injury disrupted campaign . and whether he is able to break into the first-team fold this season is likely to have a bearing on his future . gunners boss arsene wenger is close to diaby and the club will help him get his career back on track . the 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances in four seasons for the gunners . diaby has suffered in-excess of 42 injuries since signing for the gunners in 2006 . he has made just 22 appearances in four seasons . the sheer number of injuries he has suffered have caused significant imbalances throughout his body , which have taken there toll in recent years . nevertheless , diaby is not giving up on his gunners career , though club sources claim it is unlikely he will be offered a new deal .