a prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail . royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures . he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons . it is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online . scroll down for video . jail : prisoner royston coates has posted a string of photographs from inside his jail cell . inmates : coates posed up alongside another prisoner in one of the photos on facebook . prison authorities have now shut down the criminal 's facebook account after being alerted to the messages he has posted . over the past six months , coates has repeatedly sent out messages to his 300 facebook friends updating them about his life inside jail . his messages reveal that he has been allowed to watch popular tv shows such as the x factor and the only way is essex , as well as an england football match . photographs taken last month show that he has a television set and dvd player in his cell , with the walls covered in photographs . facilities : coates 's cell has a television and dvd player , and is covered in photographs . mugshot : coates was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2013 for attacking a man . in one of the first posts , from last october , coates joked : ' go out or stay in ? hmmmmmm . ' in another message , he claimed he was ' glad i am locked away ' so he would n't have to mix with other people in his home town of macclesfield , cheshire . a spokesman for the prison service said they were investigating the matter , and had asked facebook to close the page . coates was jailed in october 2013 alongside his friend hayden whittaker after he admitted helping to stab a man with a kitchen knife . he held the victim down while whittaker knifed him , shortly after the pair had failed to get in to a block of flats where they were trying to sell drugs . killer : dashem tesfamichael , 30 , who was jailed for stabbing a young father , has been filmed partying behind bars , it emerged yesterday . coates later boasted about what he had gone , sending a text message to friends in which he said ' i put the gun to his head . ' the victim suffered a collapsed lung following the savage attack . a prisons spokesman said : ' anyone caught accessing social networking sites or instructing others to do so on their behalf will be subject to strict disciplinary action . ' no prisoner should be in any doubt that if they break the rules they will be stripped of privileges and may be reported to the police for further action , which may result in extra time being added to their sentence . ' it is not known which jail coates is serving his sentence in . his photographs emerged just a day after a murderer was filmed partying to prison hooch and singing along to rap lyrics in a video shared on whatsapp . dashem tesfamichael , 30 , who stabbed a young father to death in 2006 , clutched a glass of illegal alcohol in the clip , which also showed a large stash of party food . the footage was captured on a banned mobile phone before being sent out to friends of the prisoners involved .