fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike . the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ' tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross . his comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' . banned : the sports brand features prominently ( circled ) on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . not allowed : the leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonmen . images of the leaflet banning nike clothing was shared online by the activist group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who translated it from arabic . they said nike was singled out because of its associations with the greek goddess of the same name and because the word apparently sounds similar to phrases of a sexual nature in arabic . the leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment . this is despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , abu waheeb , is well known for wearing western sportswear , including items made by nike and adidas . the argument that senior isis militants still wear nike products is unlikely to be considered much of a defence for the millions of brutally oppressed citizens living under the rule of the islamic state . fashion-conscious : the ban comes despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , abu waheeb , is well known for wearing western sportswear , including items made by nike and adidas . the wearing of nike products has long been contentious among isis jihadis , due to the fact the name was inspired by a greek goddess and reportedly sound like several words of a sexual nature in arabic . the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's famous ' tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross . his comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ' comfortable ' . a recent ban of men wearing jeans - apparently because the clothing ' provokes sexual desire , and shows the attractions of men 's body ' - has been strictly enforced . in fact some young men seen wearing jeans after the ban was put in place were reportedly told they must exchange their denim products for pyjamas , or face time in prison . as well as products made by nike , numerous other items of clothing appear on the leaflet . newly-banned products on the list include anything carrying swear words or sexual phrases . to help non-english speakers recognise the banned terms , the isis leaflet helpfully provides a long list of swear words alongside their arabic translation . nike did not respond to a request for comment on the ban .