a farmer has lost a nine-year legal battle to save the dream home he built without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years . robert fidler , 66 , secretly constructed the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002 . he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years . scroll down for video . robert fidler has lost a nine-year legal battle to save the dream home ( above ) he built in salfords , surrey , without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years . but the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission . now , after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds , communities and local government secretary eric pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home on green belt land at honeycrocks farm in salfords , surrey – worth well in excess of £1million if sold on the open market - must be pulled down within 90 days . mr fidler yesterday compared the situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work . ‘ it would be like rembrandt being asked to rip up his masterpiece of an oil painting or something for me to demolish it , ’ he complained . he added : ‘ i don’t think i have any choice , to be honest . what they’re saying now is if i don’t demolish it in 90 days they’ll put me in prison . ’ mr fidler started as a tenant farmer at honeycrock farm in the 1970s and bought the farmyard and ten acres of land in 1985 . there was no farmhouse , however , so from 2000 he began building the house around two grain silos at a cost of £50,000 . features include weathered brick and stone , carved wooden pillars and beams and a stained-glass dome above the stairwell . the 66-year-old used dozens of hay bales , blue tarpaulin and tyres to hide the house ( above ) from 2002 to 2006 . mr fidler , pictured ( above ) outside the house , compared the situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work . mr fidler and his wife , linda , went to such lengths to hoodwink locals and the authorities that they kept their son harry , now 14 , off playschool on the day his class were due to paint scenes of their homes . ‘ we couldn’t have him drawing a big blue haystack – people might have asked questions , ’ mrs fidler explained previously . neighbours expressed anger at the brazenness of the plan when the property’s existence was declared . one said : ‘ it was a complete shock when the hay came down and this castle was in its place . everyone else has to abide by planning laws , so why shouldn’t they ? ’ reigate and banstead borough council served an enforcement notice requiring it be razed to the ground , claiming the four-year period after which the building would be allowed to stay was void as no one had been able to see it . mr fidler , who has five children from a previous marriage , appealed to the planning inspectorate which found in favour of the council because the property had not been ‘ substantially complete’ for the four years required . mr fidler and his wife , linda ( above ) , went to such lengths to hoodwink locals and the authorities that they kept their son harry , now 14 , off playschool on the day his class were due to paint scenes of their homes . the four-bedroom house , complete with chandeliers , would be worth well in excess of £1million if sold on the open market - but it must be pulled down within 90 days . features include weathered brick and stone , carved wooden pillars and beams , and a stained-glass dome above the stairwell . this was a reference to the bales and tarpaulins that had been used to conceal it , meaning the project had effectively continued after 2002 . the farmer then took his case to the high court in 2009 and to the court of appeal the following year , both of which dismissed his challenge . further delays were caused when he submitted applications for the house to be retained for agricultural use . he claimed it was needed to provide accommodation for a worker in connection with a beef farming business on the site . these were rejected by the planning inspectorate last year but another appeal was heard in a public inquiry before eric pickles , the secretary of state for communities and local government , intervened and dismissed the claim , which raised ‘ important or novel issues of development control and/or legal difficulties . ’ a council spokesman yesterday said it had a ‘duty’ to uphold planning rules designed to protect the green belt . he added : ‘ the secretary of state’s decision demonstrates that people who ignore planning rules for the good of everyone are likely to find themselves in this unfortunate position . ’