fourteen people were hospitalized after the entire roof of a new jersey church came crashing down mid-song during an afternoon easter sunday service . around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed , fire department battalion chief daryl rutter told daily mail online . thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . a little girl is consoled outsidethe korean union united methodist church in rahway , new jersey , where the entire ceiling collapsed during an easter sunday service . an emotional father holds his seven-month-old daughter after escaping the collapse , which sent 14 people to the hospital . thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration . rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries , as well as cuts , bruises and abrasions . he said the scene was ' chaotic ' when the fire department arrived at the church . thirty-five people were standing outside and some were crying . the parishioners were from the manantial de vida pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space . a witness told cbs new york that they were in the middle of a song around 2pm when they heard a cracking sound from above . a man wipes off the dust that fell on him after the collapse . around 75 people were inside the church , according to rahway fire department battalion chief daryl rutter . rutter said the scene was ' chaotic ' when the fire department arrived at the church . thirty-five people were standing outside and some were crying . suddenly , debris began to rain down on the churchgoers . the witness said people screamed as they ran for cover . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated . rutter told the daily mail online that no one will be allowed back into the building until an engineering firm is able to check its stability . rutter said the scene was n't cleared until near 5pm , as churchgoers hung around to check on their friends and the status of the church . rahway police chief john rodger told cbs new york it was a miracle no one was more severely injured . ' nobody was killed , ' he said . ' so , maybe being on easter sunday , we got a little help from god on this one . ' the parishioners were from the manantial de vida pentecostal congregation , which rents out the church space .