forget dogs ' dinners , stylish cook gizzi erskine 's fussy feline loves poppadoms , tortilla chips and taramasalata . in an interview with puss puss magazine , the stylish cook , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat , that included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe , jellied fish heads , a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns . although the lavish feast was in fact a set ( created by food stylist iain graham ) , the cat fancier admitted that her british shorthair , kimchi , has such a discerning palate he loves crunchy ' human food ' and that taramasalata would be his ' death row dish ' . draped in peach silk and surrounded by cat delicacies , tv chef gizzi erskine appears with her pet kimchi in cat magazine , puss puss . the tv chef seen baring her back tattoo with pet cat kimchi says : 'i’d love a really small cat tattoo either behind my ear or somewhere discreet ' . in the shoot for the publication that pitches itself as a vogue for cat lovers , the east london-based cook told writer gemma lacey : ' she won’t eat anything unless it’s proper meat . ' adding that kimchi , ' loves human food and will steal it off our plate if we’re not looking . ' she loves anything crunchy , so if there are poppadoms or tortilla chips around that’s it . i don’t like her having it as they’re not supposed to , but she just takes it . but gizzi insists that living in a foodie household is n't to blame . 'it’s not my influence at all , she’s just a pig ! ' a feast fit for only the classiest cat : bowls brimming with caviar and salmon row and and a two -tiered cake covered with cat treats . jellied fish heads ( right ) and a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns ( left ) also feature . 'we’ve had to put her on a diet she was getting so fat . when i make taramasalata she’ll eat and eat and eat it , it’s her death row dish . ' she loves cheese , caviar and anything really fishy . ' but kimchi occasionally indulges in cat food and is ' obsessed ' with dreamies cat biscuits . 'it’s insane , ' says gizzi . ' she purrs as she eats and she doesn’t do that normally . ' gizzi also recently added a new addition to her cat family , ponzu , named after her favourite japanese dressing . ' i was also thinking about calling him neeps or haggis as he’s scottish , but it didn’t suit him , so eventually i just went with what suited him best . he was nameless for a week , ' she says . ' kimchi is called kimchi because of my love of korean food , ' she adds . the new addition to the erskine feline family is also a food lover - and has even more unusual tastes . gizzi feeding her cat kimchi a prawn . the chef admits her furry friend has expensive taste in food . ' a week into having him , after tidying up a thai takeaway and leaving the room for two minutes , i came back to find him paw deep in green curry ! ' she says . gizzi , who showed off her huge tattoo of a pair of angel wings across her shoulder blades . gizzi also wants to combine her love of cats with her body art habit , saying : ' i really want a cat tattoo . 'i’m just about to get matching lions with my sister as we’re both leos , so i’ll have the big cat one covered ' . 'i’d love a really small cat tattoo as well , either behind my ear or somewhere discreet . i think more people are getting cat tattoos now , it’s become more popular . ' the second edition of puss puss magazine is out now .