a federal judge has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status . the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs . the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ' patriots ' or ' tea party ' in their names . while those organizations ' applications were held up for years , liberal groups sailed through the process . federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose , including issue advocacy , and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors . scroll down for videos . f.u.i.r.s . : american conservatives were up in marks in 2013 after the irs confirmed it had been slow-walking tax-exemption applications from tea party groups based on red-flag words in their names . lois lerner , the former irs official at the heart of the tea party targeting scandal , ran the ' exempt organizations ' division until late 2013 when she retired with full benefits ; the justice department said this week that it wo n't prosecute her for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions . tax-exempt organizations are not permitted to work for or against candidates for public office , but they can use up to half of their funds to make public arguments about political matters like tax policy , the obamacare insurance overhaul , the environment or foreign policy . dlott agreed this week that the tea party groups suing the government can pursue their claims that the irs violated their first and fifth amendment rights , along with a section of federal law – section 6103 of title 26 – that prohibits the government from releasing private information contained in tax returns . when the treasury department 's office of inspector general investigated the irs 's actions , it demanded – and received – a list of 298 groups whose tax-exemption applications had been held up . it 's this list that the tea party groups want . their lawsuit aims first to identify a list of ' all dissenting groups targeted for additional scrutiny by the irs from january 20 , 2009 , through july 15 , 2013 . ' dlott could then choose to certify that list as a ' class ' of plaintiffs . irs commissioner john koskinen has insisted that his agency is no longer targeting conservative groups with special scrutiny , and has offered to green-list any group that promises it will limit its political activity to 40 per cent of its budget – but some organizations are holdout out , claiming the law entitles them to a 50 per cent limit . the irs 's lawyers claimed that they could n't provide the court with the names of all the groups , saying they would have to turn over the very documents that section 6103 requires them to keep confidential . the conservative plaintiffs said they would be happy to have only the spreadsheet that the inspector general got from the irs . dlott agreed and ordered the agency to hand it over . ' the court concludes that the return information sought is directly related to the issue of class certification in this federal court proceeding , ' her ruling reads . ' the names of the putative class member organizations and their control dates – the date which the putative class member organizations submitted their applications for tax exempt status to the irs – are directly related to the issue of class certification . ' dlott decided that without the list , the plaintiffs would n't be able to show all the disaffected conservative applicants it has already identified share common experiences at the hands of america 's tax collectors . courthouse news service first reported her ruling . the irs is the federal agency americans most love to hate , polling worse in opinion surveys than congress . a partial list was unearthed by usa today in september 2013 , showing that as of 2011 the irs had questioned the political advocacy of 162 right-wing organizations and delayed approving their tax exemptions . in an irs spreadsheet published online by the newspaper , partisan government officials characterized the activities of 21 of those groups as ' propaganda . ' dlott also ordered the irs to tell the court whether or not that list was authentic , the washington times reported . former irs official lois lerner , who has been at the center of the targeting scandal since it emerged in 23 months ago , was facing the possibility of criminal contempt of congress charges until the obama administration 's department of justice declined on monday to prosecute her . lerner , under subpoena in may 2013 , delivered an opening statement professing her innocence during a hearing but then refused to answer questions .