former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 . carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered . under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware . former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 . carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association . ' everton football club is deeply saddened to announce that sir philip carter has passed away , ' read an everton statement . ' sir philip died peacefully at home on thursday morning after a short illness . ' he served everton with immense distinction over three spells . ' at this time it would be appreciated if everyone can please respect the family 's wish for privacy . ' current toffees chairman bill kenwright also paid tribute to sir philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at goodison park for a second time in 2008 . bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for . ' words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an evertonian , ' kenwright said . ' sir philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for . i never once met him without calling him chairman . i never will . ' that title was his by right . he will always have a major place in our great club 's history . to his wondrous lady rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . ' bill kenwright , chairman of everton football club , said : ' words can not describe my feelings of loss primarily as a friend but also as an evertonian . sir philip was simply a giant ... a great man a great leader and the very best friend and colleague anyone could ask for . i never once met him without calling him chairman . i never will . that title was his by right . he will always have a major place in our great club 's history . to his wondrous lady rita and his family we send the deepest of condolences together with our undying love and gratitude for his life . ' roberto martinez , manager of everton football club , said : ' this is a sad day for everton football club and for every evertonian . sir philip was an incredible custodian of the club , a pure gentleman and a man i feel really fortunate to have met , for i learnt much about the essence of everton from him . from my earliest days here , i was able to sit down and chat with sir philip at finch farm . he was generous with his time and with his recollection of so many of the experiences he went through as chairman . some of those moments had been extremely difficult but , ultimately , his guiding hand contributed to some of the club 's greatest successes and , for me personally , the conversations we shared will always give me guidance in terms of the future that we are trying to build for everton . ' as a man , he was an example for every evertonian . he took pride in all aspects of our club , he loved the community in which we are rooted and he was an evertonian through and through . i got a real sense and understanding of everton from the time i was able to spend with him and i am especially grateful for this . he will forever be part of the history of this great club . ' robert elstone , chief executive of everton football club , said : ' in the last few hours , the world of football has been moved to express great sadness , great admiration and , above all else , great respect for sir philip carter . in such a short space of time , the number of people who have been moved to contact me , and the club , and the depth of feelings expressed , sums up the great man . one text reads , `` true gentlemen and the perfect embodiment of the values of everton '' . they are right . ' sir philip was part of a small family of highly respected and universally loved ' football men ' ; a man who shaped the game , a man who shaped everton , and a man who , over the past year , almost everyone i have met has asked about . ' on a personal level , he was a mentor , a confidant , a voice of reason but more than all of that , with his amazing wife , a great friend . sir philip left a lasting impression on anyone who entered the everton boardroom . he will leave one on me . ' denise barrett-baxendale , chief executive of everton in the community and deputy chief executive of everton football club , said : ' today is an unbelievably sad day for everybody at everton football club and for everybody at everton in the community . sir philip was the ultimate community man - a gentleman , a people 's man , someone with wisdom , character , distinction and strong , abiding principles . what he did for this club , this city , this community , this country has left a lasting legacy . but today we feel bereft . our thoughts are with his family - the incredible lady rita , his children and grandchildren . we are all devastated by his passing . ' 