the never-ending chaos at leeds continued on friday as six players withdrew from saturday 's game at charlton citing injury . italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london . five of the sextet were signed by banned president massimo cellino , while cani 's deal was set-up by the italian before he was banned by the football league for failing its owners and directors test . mirco antenucci is one of six leeds players to have withdrawn from the squad to face charlton with injury . it is understood that redfearn was not aware of any problems with the players and that united 's physio was not aware of any injuries . after receiving criticism from leeds fans on twitter after the story surfaced , antenucci tweeted : ' i 'm reading a lot bad thing about myself in the last time.tomorrow i 'll not be in the match because i got injured yesterday.it 's the truth . ' i read so much wickedness and insults in many posts.i 'm a serious professional but if someone likes to insult me there is no problem . my injury is in the right leg did yesterday in training .a muscle injury . ' goalkeeper silvestri also tweeted , posting a picture of a cut on his back which he suffered during tuesday 's loss at norwich . he , antenucci and bellusci have been first-team regulars this season , with cani , del fabro and doukara resigned to roles on the fringes . it is understood that neil redfearn and the medical team were unaware of the players ' injuries . redfearn 's position at elland road has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to championship safety after taking off from ill-fated predecessors david hockaday and darko milanic . he saw assistant steve thompson lose his job without warning on april 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . cellino is currently banned after being being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy . he has been banned from holding any influence over the club since the end of january and is set to return in a fortnight 's time . leeds were not available for comment .