hundreds of police officers lined the roads to in a guard of honour for a hero policewoman who was killed by a bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life . sergeant louise lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea , south wales , when she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre . onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision . scroll down for video . respect : hundreds of police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at the funeral of policewoman louise lucas in cardiff today . tragic : sgt louise lucas ( pictured left with her brother robert pain and right in her uniform ) was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus while trying to save her eight-year-old olivia . the mother-of-three , from llanishen , cardiff , was rushed to the city 's morriston hospital where doctors battled to save her but she later died . her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident on march 31 . police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at christ parish church in cyncoed , cardiff , today , while her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses . more than a hundred mourners joined police to fill the congregation , where the church 's easter cross was placed outside so personal flowers in memory of sgt lucas , who was a beaver leader , trained rugby referee and welsh learner , could be laid on it . her husband gavin lucas , 36 , walked into the church hand-in-hand with olivia and their seven-year-old son lloyd to one of sgt lucas 's favourite songs - bette midler 's ' wind beneath my wings ' - with the line ' did i ever tell you , you are my hero ' . he paid tribute to his late wife saying his love for her would remain in his heart forever and read a poem , which he originally wrote for their wedding day a decade ago but adapted for her funeral . ' a sergeant at work she really did do well . total dedication to the police , that was our lou . as you can see today , they will miss her too , ' he said . he continued by saying the couple 's three children - including 21-year-old grant - had made their lives complete : ' she will be in our hearts forever , let 's try not to be glum , ' he read . mourners : police of all ranks turned out to pay their respects and join the hundreds of people grieving the loss of the popular police officer . funeral : her coffin is carried into christ parish church in cyncoed , cardiff , before her husband gavin walked inside hand-in-hand with their daughter olivia and seven-year-old son lloyd . hero : officers watch as the hearse makes its way towards the church , which had placed its easter cross outside so personal flowers in memory of sgt lucas could be laid on it . commemoration : hundreds of people had to stand outside the packed church and listen to the popular service over a tannoy . sgt lucas 's brother robert pain described her as ' a light that will never go out in our hearts ' . he said : ' my sister was an example to everyone of how to live life . i never got to tell lou how important she was to me . i know in my head she knew it . ' sgt louise lucas pictured with her husband gavin , 36 , who told the congregation she would remain in his heart forever and read a poem . he shared with the church tales of their childhood and said christmas festivities at their home were ' magical ' . he said every year she would run into his room to wake him up and as adults she rang at 5am every christmas morning at their former family home just minutes from the church . ' i never looked forward to that early morning call but i know this year it will be very much missed , ' he said . south wales police chief constable peter vaughan told the congregation and dozens who stood outside listening to a tannoy : ' she was a devoted police officer who was fearless in confronting evil . ' she was inspirational and passionate about people and was a terrific person blessed with physical and moral courage , small in stature but huge in character . ' he described her as a ' mother hen ' to her officers at llanishen police station . superintendent alun morgan said : ' her children , grant , olivia and lloyd , have suffered a loss that those so young should never have to endure . louise loved her family and her family loved her . ' the 41-year-old , who had a love for designer lables and lived her life to the full , was a worshipper at christ church where a huge congregation marked her life . vicar trystan hughes said : ' we were privileged in this church to have known her well . she was an enthusiastic and loving member of the congregation here . ' we 're privileged to call her and her family our friends . we know , like you , the joy and love that she brought to others . now many of us are feeling that there 's a hole left in our lives where louise 's smile and louise 's laughter used to brighten up our day . ' today we come with great sadness but also with gratitude for the time we had with louise and the joy she shared with us . it 's fitting that many of you are wearing pink today , as the family asked - louise would have loved that . ' on the way to the crematorium after the service the cortege paused for a brief moment of silence outside the police station in cardiff where she was a popular community officer before continuing on to a private service at thornhill crematorium . speaking at the time of her death , her eldest son grant , a police community support officer who gave a reading at today 's service , said : ' mum was the best there is and was simply amazing . i am absolutely well and truly gutted . ' grant said that he wanted to make his mother ' proud ' and would help to raise olive and lloyd . he added : ' it 's mad how my mum and i became much closer over the last couple of weeks and had it all planned out . on behalf of the family , we would like to thank all friends for their support . ' grief : upset colleagues stand outside the service as they prepare to say goodbye to sgt louise lucas , who was just 41 when she was killed . decorated : police of all ranks were at the service today after the tragic accident , which happened on a busy road in swansea 's city centre . uniform : on the way to the crematorium following the service the cortege paused outside the police station in cardiff where she worked . honour : south wales chief constable peter vaughan told the congregation sgt lucas was a ' devoted police officer who was fearless in confronting evil . she was inspirational and passionate about people and was a terrific person blessed with physical and moral courage ' . tributes : sgt louise lucas ( left and right ) , who most recently served in the llanishen area of cardiff , was well known in the community . 