a remote iron age fort built by the picts as a look out post on top of a 20-foot-high sea stack has been uncovered on the coast of scotland . archaeologists believe the stronghold , which would have been cut off from the land at high tide , may have been one of a number that lined the east coast of scotland . the fort , which was found on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire , appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country . the small fort was discovered on top of dunnicaer sea stack ( shown above ) and would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position , although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard . stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them . dr gordon noble , an archaeologist at aberdeen university who led the excavation , said the site was so remote it could only be accessed by climbing up the cliff face with ropes . the picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the forth and clyde during the late iron age and early medieval period . by the late 200s ad the picts had overrun the northern frontier of the roman empire more than once . mel gibson 's blue face paint in braveheart is a nod to the pictish tradition of body-paint - but the real picts fought stark naked , and there are records of them doing so up until the 5th century . the roman name for the people - picti - means ' painted people ' . it 's not known what they called themselves . the habit of fighting naked , especially in the cold scottish climate , did n't harm the tribe 's reputation for ferocity . picts were one of the reasons even heavily armoured roman legions could not conquer the area . he said it appeared that despite its position , the fort had been lived in for extended periods and so must have been an important building . dr noble said it was possible the fort had been built there to help the pictish tribes living there dominate the sea in the area . he said it was possible the fort , which is thought to date from the 5th to 6th century , could also have been a precursor to dunnottar castle , a medieval fortress built on the rocks of a headland less than quarter of a mile away . dr noble said : ‘ it is possible that there was a series of forts along the coast . ' the picts were known as sea raiders and forts like this may have helped cement that naval power . ‘ it is quite an impressive site . it was pretty hairy climb to get up there and at high tide it is completely cut off . resupplying the fort when it was inhabited would have been a challenge . ’ the picts were a group of tribes that lived in eastern and northern scotland . although best known for the carved stones and jewellery they left behind , it is thought that they were farmers but also engaged in sea raids . the archaeologists discovered the fort on dunnicaer after following up reports that pictish stones had been found there when some local youths climbed up the sea stack . dr noble said : ‘ being youths , they did what youths do and threw them down into the sea . ‘ one of them returned later to collect one of the stones and since then a few others have been found . they had rough designs carved into them . ’ when dr noble and his team from the northern picts project conducted a five day excavation on the top of the site , they uncovered the remains of what appears to be a rampart wall . they also found post holes and the remains of a hearth that appears to have been within a house built inside the fort . they even found charcoal still in the stone fire place . mr noble said there may have been a settlement built on the land behind the fort , although as the picts largely built their homes from wood , it would be hard to find many remains . in order to reach the site , the team had to employ the services of professional rock climber duncan patterson , who climbed up the sea stack and put ropes in place . the archaeologists found the remains of a stone wall that would have formed part of the iron age fort . some of the stones used to build the walls of the fort ( like the one above ) had rough pictish carvings on them . the sea stack is only accessible at low tide and still requires a rock climb up the cliff face to reach the summit . this stone hearth , with the black charcoal dust still evident at the bottom of the picture , was uncovered by the team . it suggests the fort had been inhabited for relatively long periods , according to dr gordon noble . mr noble said that at the time when the fort had been inhabited it may have had a wooden bridge across to the stack from the land otherwise it would have been very hard to access . he said : ‘ the stone is not local , so it was quarried elsewhere and taken to build the fort and carved . ‘ as for access , it is possible an easier route was present on the landward side and has now eroded , but certainly a timber access of some kind is well within their capabilities . ’ the team now hope to examine some of the charcoal and other artifacts they found at the site in the hope of getting a better understanding of who lived there . the dunnicaer sea stack sits just off the east coast of scotland close to stonehaven in aberdeenshire . the researchers also found evidence for post holes ( above ) that were used in the fort ramparts during the dig . archaeologists had to set up ropes to reach the sea stack after a professional climber scaled the rock face . dunnicaer sea stack ( on the far left of the picture above ) is just quarter of a mile from dunnottar castle ( right ) .