it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms – the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies . launching a new poster campaign showing ms sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader , conservative chairman grant shapps said : ‘ the only way that ed miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he’s carried there by the snp . ‘ nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts . it would be a disaster . ’ scroll down for video . new poster : it is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms – the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies . the campaign comes as ms sturgeon uses an article in today’s scottish mail on sunday to claim that she can help ‘ lead the uk’ . the snp leader reveals that her party’s manifesto , to be published tomorrow , will include pledges in policy areas which don’t even directly affect scotland . it will be the first time that the snp has ever set out policies designed for other parts of the uk – even though people in england , wales and northern ireland can not vote for them . her comments are certain to rile many in england , who will be aghast at the prospect of a party for which they can not vote trying to run their country . ms sturgeon also gives an ‘ absolute guarantee’ that she will not use success in this year’s general election as a reason to push for another poll on breaking up britain . ‘ we will be pursuing policies which can change things for the better for people right across the uk , such as in health , where we will oppose any attempts to further privatise england’s nhs , ensuring more public funding for healthcare north and south of the border , ’ she writes . campaign trail : the leader of the scottish national party is applauded by former leader and local candidate alex salmond during campaigning in inverurie , aberdeenshire yesterday . ‘ i can also give an absolute guarantee that this election is not about independence or about delivering another referendum , no matter how many snp mps may be returned to westminster in may . ’ but alistair darling , who led the campaign to save the union last year , today warns voters not to believe her claims . in his first major contribution to this year’s election campaign , the former labour chancellor says an influx of snp mps at westminster would turn scotland into ‘ neverendum land’ . also writing exclusively in today’s scottish mail on sunday , he says : ‘ nicola sturgeon will decide when to hold another referendum and it will be when she thinks she will win it ... [ the snp ] need to spell out what exactly they intend . the vote was clear . what’s more , most scots do not want to live in neverendum land . ‘ we are now told that the general election is not about independence . really ? 'that’s what the snp said in 2011 in the scottish elections . it was all about health and education , they said . not after the result it wasn’t . ’ revelation : it was also claimed this weekend that ms sturgeon has privately vowed to keep voting down an ed miliband budget until he agrees to her party’s policy demands . it was also claimed this weekend that ms sturgeon has privately vowed to keep voting down an ed miliband budget until he agrees to her party’s policy demands . with polling experts saying that labour has only a 1 per cent chance of forming a majority government in its own right , the snp’s support is likely to be vital in passing any budget drawn up by a miliband administration . until now , it had been assumed ms sturgeon’s party could not vote against a budget without triggering a vote of no confidence and another general election . but snp sources told the bbc’s newsnight that since the 2011 fixed-term parliaments act , this is no longer the case .