militants fighting for the islamic state in iraq have savagely executed 10 doctors who refused to treat wounded members of the terrorist organisation . isis jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group 's activities , the men were brutally murdered . scroll down for video . details of the doctors ' brutal murders in the northern iraqi desert were reported by the country 's al-sumaria satellite television network . local official mowaffaq hamid al-azawi described the city of mosul as a big open-air prison , where residents are subjected to barbaric torture at the hands of the isis terrorists . the news comes as the jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq 's anbar province . members of the al-karableh , albu ubaid , albu mahal and albu salman tribes were brutally executed after paranoid isis militants accused them of collaborating with the iraqi security forces . iraqi army soldiers and the iran-backed volunteer shiite militias allied with the iraqi regime have had great success in pushing isis out of key towns and villages recently . just last week the security forces liberated the city of tikrit - the birthplace of saddam hussein and a strategically important area from which the iraqi army will look to recapture mosul and eventually force isis out of the country altogether . militants : isis jihadis ( pictured ) are understood to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . this morning u.s. defense secretary ash carter said the u.s. has made progress against isis in iraq but can not predict how long the fight will take . speaking at a joint news conference with his south korean counterpart , carter said he would not go so far as to say this is the beginning of the end for isis in iraq . isis' onslaught plunged iraq into its worst crisis since the 2011 u.s. troop withdrawal from the country . the militants have also targeted iraq 's indigenous religious minorities , including christians and followers of the ancient yazidi faith , forcing tens of thousands from their homes . since then , isis has carved out a self-styled caliphate in the large area straddling the iraqi-syrian border that it now controls . in early august , the united states launched airstrikes on the militant group in iraq , in an effort to help iraqi forces fight back against the growing threat by the is militants , who still hold the northern iraqi province of ninevah and most of the western province of anbar , in addition to small areas north of baghdad in their hands , along with a large swath of land in neighboring syria . more than 200 yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern iraq after nearly a year in islamic state captivity , kurdish military has said today . the freed prisoners said that they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions . the yazidis , made up of women , children and the elderly , are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect . fear : the 216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of kirkuk . free at last : a mother hugs here young child in celebration at being released . the freed yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care . the 216 prisoners have been held captive in the islamic state since last summer when militants attacked their villages in the area around sinjar in northwestern iraq . general hiwa abdullah , a peshmerga commander in the northern iraqi city of kirkuk , said that about 40 children are among those released , while the rest were elderly , some of whom were too exhausted and disoriented to speak . no reason was given for the release of the prisoners , which took place in himera just southwest of kirkuk , 180 miles north of baghdad . the freed yazidis were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care . one elderly woman said she had been captured by the insurgents last august when they overpowered kurdish forces in the sinjar area and proceeded to purge its yazidi population , killing hundreds and taking thousands captive .