ahead of the 79th edition of the masters , sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national golf club . here are nos 20-11 . mark o'meara celebrates his winning putt in 1998 . 20 mark o'meara , 1998 . aged 41 , mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour . but o'meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples . in the manner of his great friend tiger woods , he drained it . and he was soon handed his green jacket by woods in the butler cabin . click here to watch the video . 19 billy joe patton , 1954 . billy joe patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with sam snead and ben hogan . but for a short while it had appeared that an amateur golfer could topple two of the greatest ever to play the game , thanks to his hole-in-one on the par-three sixth on sunday . sadly , patton 's hopes were ultimately shot down by a double bogey on the 13th attempting to fly rae 's creek and reach the green in two . otherwise his ace would have featured near the very top of this list . billy joe patton hits on the 13th hole ... the scene of the double-bogey which ultimately cost him victory . click here for the second part of our countdown , featuring videos of shots from the likes of jack nicklaus , bubba watson and tiger woods ... 18 seve ballesteros , 1983 . seve 's second masters victory featured what he called ' the best golf of my life ' over the first four holes , and one 205-yard 2-iron on the fourth was utterly spectacular . but nothing quite sums up the genius of the late , great spaniard than the way he clinched his four-shot victory over tom kite and ben crenshaw . an up and down for a bogey would have comfortably sewn up his victory , but showman seve was having none of it and chipped in for a par four . 17 byron nelson , 1937 . byron nelson found himself a somewhat daunting six shots behind ralph guldahl in the final round of the 1937 tournament . but his comeback was complete on the par-five 13th after he found the cup with a chip for eagle from off the green , while his rival could only manage bogey . lord byron came from four strokes down to two ahead in just 25 minutes , and went on to win the first of his five majors by that same margin . byron nelson and club member alfred bourne at the presentation ceremony in 1937 . 16 vijay singh , 2009 . ok , so this is n't actually during the masters itself , but have you ever seen anything like it ? the big fijian won the green jacket in 2000 but may not have hit a finer shot than this one during the annual par-three tournament on the wednesday before the 2009 edition . vijay skimmed his ball across a lake and watched as it rolled onto the green and into the cup for an ace . you 'll need to see it to believe it . 15 nick faldo , 1989 . with dark descending , in dank drizzle and with wind whipping the course , nick faldo became only the second briton ever to win the masters after a play-off with scott hoch . his nerveless approach over the water on the 11th hole was good , but the putt was even better . faldo recalled how his caddie , andy prodger , told him it was too dark to see the line of the shot , but he stroked it pure and right into the heart of the cup . click here to watch the shot . nick faldo celebrates his brilliant putt to win the masters in a play-off in 1989 . 14 charl schwartzel , 2011 . charl schwartzel 's victory three years ago is most famous for his rip-roaring finish - four birdies in the final four holes sealed his first major title - but his start was no less incredible . after missing the first green , the south african somehow chipped in from 100 feet for a remarkable birdie . and then , on the third , he slam-dunked his approach from the fairway for an eagle two . two incredible shots , but the gods truly were smiling on schwartzel that day . click here to watch the video . charl schwartzel ( right ) is presented with his green jacket by phil mickelson in 2011 . 13 phil mickelson , 2004 . phil mickelson had long carried the burden of being known as ' the best player never to have won a major ' - just ask lee westwood how wearisome that feels . lefty had a string of near-misses behind him - six second and third places - when he went toe-to-toe with ernie els over the back nine at augusta that sunday . and it all came down to the final green as phil the thrill sank an 18-footer for birdie under huge pressure to cast off that unwanted reputation once and for all . 12 fuzzy zoeller , 1979 . imagine playing in your very first masters ... and standing over a putt to win , in a sudden-death play-off . it was the first time the masters had been decided in such a way , was played in the gathering gloom and also included ed sneed and the great tom watson . in near darkness , zoeller held his nerve to sink his birdie putt on the 11th hole and make history . 11 louis oosthuizen , 2012 . some might argue that this is the best shot in masters history - but some would also say it was n't even the best shot of the day ( see the countdown from 10-1 ) . whatever , it 's hard to think of a more perfectly envisioned , controlled and executed long iron in the history of the game . oosthuizen catapulted himself into the lead ( and an eventual play-off ) with this 253-yard approach into the par-five second hole that pitched on a sixpence at the front of the green . from then on , it was never going anywhere other than the centre of the cup . louis oosthuizen raises his arms and soaks it all in after holing out for an albatross at augusta in 2012 .    