on paper chelsea’s team sheet looked like an insult , one for the anti-football brigade to get their beaks into after jose mourinho went without an orthodox striker . when reality bites , even his biggest detractors must concede that mourinho’s decision to leave didier drogba on the bench until the start of the second half was another tactical masterclass . chelsea’s manager is staying true to the game — his game — because the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title for this football club . chelsea 's jose mourinho gestures on the sideline after going into the game against arsenal without a striker . oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half to great effect for their boss . at times you are left wondering what eden hazard , willian and oscar make of it all when mourinho starts working on team shape six days before a clash with arsenal . this trio have an element of fantasy about their game , with those delightful touches around the corner and the clever wall passes that they can play at will . the master simply wants results . to start without a striker , to ignore the collective groans around the country by starting willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind hazard and oscar , was a statement of intent . mourinho was forced into it , of sorts , because he has been deprived of diego costa and loic remy in recent weeks , and his warrior drogba could not train all week . even so , you would not put it past mourinho — who pulled a similar stunt by playing andre schurrle as a false nine at manchester united last season — to have done it anyway . when it comes to work-rate , discipline and desire , no-one can accuse these players of cheating . everyone has a job to do in this team . chelsea mastermind mourinho surveys the pitch before kick-off having plotted out his game plans . eden hazard leads a trio with willian and oscar that has fantasy about their play but mourinho wants function . strikers loic remy ( left ) and diego costa are both working their way back to fitness with leg injuries . to watch hazard , the pfa player of the year , oscar and willian sacrifice their a-game for the greater good of the team demonstrates a unique commitment to mourinho’s methods . they have bought in . what happened to the style , the swagger and the pomp about the team who won so handsomely at swansea , putting five past garry monk’s side without reply at the liberty stadium on january 17 ? they traded it for mourinho’s tactics , using the extra time during the week following their champions league elimination against paris saint-germain for match-specific preparation . with only one game a week since chelsea went out on away goals on march 11 , mourinho has used the time on the training field to prepare for premier league matches as a one-off . but didier drogba was available to mourinho and he only used the ivorian when oscar went off injured . there is no question who had the upper hand in the managerial tactical battle , and it was n't wenger . willian was exceptional for his manager , pestering the arsenal midfield when the blues were without the ball . ramires comes close after a ball into the box from willian but is thwarted by arsenal keeper david ospina . against manchester united he deliberately conceded possession , suffocating marouane fellaini and waited to hit louis van gaal’s team on the break . they won 1-0 , even if it was far from pretty . here at the emirates , against a team with eight successive wins in the premier league , he bewildered their defence by allowing his front three to rotate . willian was exceptional as he flitted across arsenal’s back line and pestered santi cazorla and francis coquelin when he wanted to win back the ball . the brazilian forward engineered chelsea’s best chance , a clever angled ball in the first half that found the feet of ramires running into the box . arsenal keeper david ospina saved well . this was perfectly disciplined , if uncomfortable to watch at times as mourinho looked on approvingly from the sidelines . when he was forced into a change at the break because oscar had been ferried to hospital with suspected concussion following his collision with ospina , he turned to the experience of drogba . oscar soars high in pursuit of the ball as ospina comes out quickly to intercept . the pair clashed with ospina considered lucky to be on the pitch after viewing the replays . oscar was substituted at half-time having not recovered from the blow with ospina . at the age of 37 he served his team-mates well in the second half , chasing 60 yards towards his own goal at one point to stop the forward run of nacho monreal down the left . towards the end of the second half , as this game gravitated towards its inevitable conclusion , chelsea relied on their captain john terry’s leadership skills to see it home . a year ago this team was experimental , with various formations on trial as mourinho assembled his next title-winning team . here at the emirates , it has finally taken shape .