a couple have transformed a 600-year-old castle they bought for £65,000 into a luxurious home worth £700,000 . janet and john brennan have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning barholm castle , in dumfries and galloway , from a ruin into a stylish castle home . they bought the 15th century fort , reputed to have been used by leader of the scottish protestant reformation john knox as a hiding place , for just £65,000 . barnholm castle in dumfries and galloway , which has gone on the market for £695,000 after being transformed from old ruins . john and janet brennan ( right ) bought barnholm castle ( left ) for just £65,000 in 1997 and have spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it . but now it is on the market for offers over £695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum . however , despite that , janet , 60 , and john , 64 , insist the project was a ' labour of love ' and they have ' no regrets ' . the brennans first stumbled upon the castle near gatehouse of fleet - once home to a branch of the powerful mcculloch clan - in 1997 when it was just a shell of crumbling stone walls . it took two years to complete the purchase , four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration . the castle 's large living area , pictured , was formerly the great hall in the fortress , which is thought to have once housed scottish minister john knox . barnholm castle 's great vault is now the luxury home 's kitchen , which is big enough for a dining table and all modern appliances . one of the four bedrooms in the £700,000 property . the brennan 's bought the fortress in 1997 and spent four years getting planning permission and two years carrying out the renovation . even though the property is on the market for £695,000 , the couple have spent hundreds of thousands restoring the castle meaning they will actually incur a loss . the grade a-listed building was lovingly transformed into a stunning home while staying true to its historical roots . mrs brennan , the chairwoman of the scottish castles association , admitted : ' the restoration cost more than the asking price but it was a labour of love - we were not doing it for profit . ' we 've no regrets . other people take up golf and they buy boats . we bought a castle . ' the retired university lecturer added : ' it was a massive project . the exterior of the castle during its restoration . mrs brennan said they wanted to make a stunning home while keeping the property true to its historical roots . it took two years to fully restore the castle after planning permission was granted . it also has stunning sea views over wigtown bay . a decorator paints the ceiling during the castle 's restoration . mrs brennan says the newly refurbished property would be a fabulous holiday home . ' we were driving and saw a sign on the road saying castle for sale . ' when we drove up the narrow , winding track and saw it we fell in love with it . it was love at first sight . ' we were always interested in castles and visited them over the years . but it was a spur of the moment decision . ' we saved it . it was described as being in a precarious condition . ' the castle now has rooms over four floors as well as stunning sea views over wigtown bay . the ground floor vaulted chamber has been converted into a kitchen while the great hall has been transformed into a large living space . four bedrooms are found on the upper floors , including one said to have been used to shelter john knox . the crumbling ruins of barholm castle in dumfries and galloway , when it was bought by mr and mrs brennan for £65,000 in 1997 . mrs brennan outside the castle shortly after buying it . she described the restoration project as a labour of love . meanwhile a staircase in the turret leads to upper cap house chamber , with a door to the roof parapet . mrs brennan , who has written a book on the subject of restoring castle , added : ' it 's an enjoyable experience living in the house . ' it 's not that we 're selling because we want to leave it - we want to be closer to family . ' i think it would make a fabulous holiday home for someone with deep pockets . ' or a home for a retired couple who want to live somewhere really special . ' john knox was a scottish clergyman , who was the leader of the protestant reformation in scotland and often considered the founder of the presbyterian denomination . he was a catholic deacon and priest but first joined the movement to reform the scottish church in the early 1500s . he then went on to teach a number of sons of protestants who had been captured in st andrews castle and called on knox to become their minister . it was at this time that he is believed to have used barholm as a place of refuge . in 1547 he was captured by the french , who attacked st andrews castle and was kept as a prisoner for over a year . on his release , he travelled to london , where he continued to attack the roman catholic faith but left the uk again in 1553 when mary i became queen . when he returned to scotland , he realised how much the teaching of the reformers was spreading . he then became one of the most well-known preachers in scotland , with the scottish reformation taking place n 1560 . knox is credited with helping to write the scots confession of faith , one of the first formal documents of the church of scotland . 