the location is excellent - a trendy borough of london , close to local amenities and a stone 's throw from transport into the city . in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young italian women and an english gentleman . the price ? a mere £400 a month . there is just one small catch , however . the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there does n't seem to be any plan to fix it . scroll down for video . in an advert posted on gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom . a generous double room in peckham , south-east london , close to amenities and a stone 's thrown from public transport into the city , has been put up for rent for just £400 a month . the catch ? the roof leaks . in an advert posted on gumtree , ' martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room . he adds : ' every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling , nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price ' . flat hunters hoping for a bargain in this modern flat in between the newly desirable areas of peckham and new cross in south-east london had their expectations thoroughly managed by an honest letting agent . in an advert posted on gumtree , ' martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room . he adds : ' every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling , nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price . ' he makes no mention of plans to fix the leaky ceiling and the flat is in otherwise apparently excellent condition according to a series of pictures accompanying the online advert . in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a smart bathroom , which you would share with two young italian women and an english gentleman . the kitchen also appears to be smart and well appointed . gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made peckham a desirable location for affluent londoners with soaring property prices . he was unavailable for comment when contacted by mailonline . gentrification and a booming property market in the capital have made peckham , famously the stomping ground of dodgy entrepreneur del boy in tv 's much-loved only fools and horses , a desirable location for affluent londoners . over the last year and a half peckham has witnessed a phenomenal uplift with property prices almost doubling in certain areas . for example in november 2012 , one estate agent sold a three bedroom period mid-terraced home in need of moderate renovation for £350,000 . similar properties on that same street are now on the market for nearly double that . 