the seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created . sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way . the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families . how life begins : seven-year-old sophia , the daughter of two moms , made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby . simply put : sophia created some illustrations to help make her point as she addressed the camera . ' if you 're a kid with two moms and you do n't know how to explain it to other kids or people , this is a video of how you can explain it , ' sophia enthusiastically starts her video . ' say you have mom , and she was in love with this other mom , and then they married , and then they 're going to have a baby . but they need a boy ! ' her mother gently guides her as she explains the facts about how ' they call this guy at this place called a sperm donor ' . sophia continues : ' they ask for sperm from him and when he gives it to them and they say thank you , and then he is their invisible – the kid 's invisible father and… and , well , that 's how they get born . the end . ' the video is illustrated by the first-grader , who uses a series of kid-friendly cartoons to depict the process she is describing . motherly bond : the film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families . sperm donor : with just a little bit of help from her mum , she explains the facts . easy conversation : sophia hopes that it may allow other children from same-sex parent families to understand . the clip may give parents ideas about to how to address some of life 's most difficult topics . parents can find it difficult at the best of times , but in the case of same sex couples , the topic can prove to be even more of a challenge . yet , sophia appears to take it all in her stride and despite a few giggles during the video and occasionally struggling to get her words out , she manages to deliver her innocent message . according to the american association for marriage and family therapy , there are approximately 594,000 same-sex partner households . around 27 per cent of those homes have children .