the tulsa county sheriff 's office falsified the training and firearms records of the millionaire reserve deputy who shot dead an unarmed suspect by mistake , claim sources within the department . they allege that at least three of 73-year-old robert bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours - and that he was not fit to police the streets . the allegations of corruption published in the tulsa world come after claims the wealthy ceo ' paid to play cop ' , which ultimately led to the events of april 2 when he fired his handgun instead of his taser , killing 44-year-old eric harris . scroll down for video . allegations of corruption : robert bates , ( right ) , arrives at the tulsa county jail with his attorney , clark brewster on tuesday . the shocking claims come in the same week that bates turned himself to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for harris ' death . charged : robert bates is free on $ 25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of eric harris on april 2 . the sources who spoke to tulsa world claim that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy , despite sheriff stanley glanz saying otherwise . indeed , sheriff glanz and bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an ' advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training . however , when asked to produced proof that bates was certified to use three weapons , including the revolver he fired at harris , the sheriff 's office say they have been unable to find the paperwork . the office claims that the deputy who certified bates has now moved on to work for the secret service . ' we ca n't find the records that she supposedly turned in , ' said glanz according to the tulsa world . ' so we are going to talk to her to find out if for sure he 's been qualified with those weapons . ' the tulsa world have said that they heard ' almost immediately ' after the shooting that bates was allegedly not qualified to be a deputy and that his records had been pushed through the office . the tulsa world claims to have seen a whole list of the courses that bates got credit for , but the names of his supervisors have been redacted - a practice they said they had never seen for a public official in oklahoma . charged : bates , 73 , accidentally grabbed his pistol and shot harris ( left , in a previous mug shot ) dead , according to tulsa police . bates is classified as an advanced deputy . redacted : these are the official records of robert bates ' training - which the tulsa world is claiming have been beefed up . one of the reporters at the paper told cnn that they are demanding the office turn over the names . ' you would think the sheriff 's office , if in fact there has been no pressure applied , no falsification of records , that they would be forthcoming with these documents , ' she told cnn 's ' new day . ' ' we 've asked for them . they 've said they do n't believe they 're public records . ' undersheriff tim albin has vehemently denied that the records that qualify bates are false . ' the training record speaks for itself . i have absolutely no knowledge of what you are talking about , ' albin said to tulsa world . ' there are n't any secrets in law enforcement . zero . those types of issues would have come up . ' bates , who shot dead harris during a botched undercover operation after a brief struggle is currently free on $ 25,000 bail . shooting : this photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in tulsa earlier this month . harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . terrified : the fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies ( pictured ) , says : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man . ' he then adds : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ' . video from the incident reveals that as soon as bates realized he had shot harris he dropped his gun and immediately said , ' oh i shot him ! i 'm sorry . ' bates is classified by the tulsa county sheriff 's office as an ' advanced reserve ' . this means that he went through 480 hours training of the ' field training officer ' or fto . the harris family legal team say they believe these traning records are a lie and do not exist . indeed , already questions have been raised as to the authenticity of bates ' records . the sheriff 's office have previously said that bates joined the force in 2008 , but when he was asked he said he joined in 2007 . in his statement to the tulsa investigators , bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in dallas and also received ' active shooter response training ' with the maricopa county sheriff 's office in arizona . he also claims to have been involved in ' at least 100 other ' assignments . the corruption allegations come as it emerged that bates contributed $ 2,500 to sheriff glanz 's re-election campaign and that he has donated vehicles and video to the office . however , glanz has denied that bates ' paid to play a cop ' . ' no matter how you cut it up , deputy bates met all the criteria on the council on law enforcement education and training to be in the role that he was in , ' he said to cnn .