snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he 's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table - and it 's usually whether he will make it to dinner or not . ' the rocket ' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history , although he has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles . speaking to forever sports magazine , the world no 2 explained how his dedication can be personally tested by slow players , especially if he 's feeling hungry . ronnie o'sullivan relaxes with a cuppa while waitingfor his turn at the 2015 dafabet masters . the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 's going to make his dinner or not . o'sullivan is forever sports ' may cover star . ' in snooker if you 're not at the table , you 're sitting in the chair and there 's nothing you can do . you ca n't get to your ball and talk to your caddy and say : ''he 's playing a bit slow this f*****g idiot here '' , ' he said . ' in snooker you have to sit in your chair and watch some f*****g numpty poncing about . do you know what i mean ? you just think to yourself : come on mate . but there 's nothing i can do ! i can stand up and go : ' look , boom boom boom ' but the ref will say : ''sit down mr o'sullivan , it 's not your shot . just chill out , man . wait until he 's finished . '' i 'm thinking : finished ? i wan na get some dinner in . ' oh s**t mate . they put me on an evening match and i 've got some geezer poncing about , i think : i aint gon na get no dinner . because of him ! and i 'm starving and i 'm thinking : the restaurant shuts at half nine , ten . it 's like quarter to nine now and we aint even at the interval . come on mate . ' and then you think to yourself , come on , well , if you really want it that bad you can have it . pffft ! good luck to you . but , no , i used to do that quite a lot but now i 'm just like , come on , i 'll get through this match and the next match wo n't be so bad . ' while waiting to play his next shot may cause o'sullivan 's mind to wander , the 39-year-old does n't get as worried about making a mistake when he 's at the table hunting a 147 maximum . ' i never worry about f*****g something up , because i know i 'm gon na get a 147 eventually , whether i miss this frame or it 's the next frame or the frame after . so i never think [ makes panicky noise ] . the five time world champion can cut a bored figure while waiting to play his next shot . ' if you 've got one opportunity , and that 's all you 've got , then you 're going to be under pressure ; if you thought : this is my one and only chance to win a world title . but i 've never thought like that . i 've always thought , if i lose this one , i 'm gon na win the next one . ' if i do n't make the maximum here , there 's one round the corner mate , i just know . so i never get under pressure . in fact i thrive on it . i were n't even gon na pot the black on one . i made 140 and thought , you know what : fuck you and your four grand highest break [ prize ] . you can have it . i aint even that bothered . ' do you know what i 'm saying ? although i 'm excited and there is adrenaline pumping through my body , i do n't feel under pressure . i know that they just happen , and they will happen . ' o'sullivan is crowned uk snooker champion for the fifth time in his career in 2014 . the eccentric 39-year-old claims he does n't care if other people think he 's ' bonkers ' or not . o'sullivan also responded to a question regarding excerpts from his autobiography running , in which claimed people thought he was ' bonkers ' . however , o'sullivan interrupted : ' i do n't give a f**k if they think i 'm bonkers mate , because if you listened to everyone who said you were bonkers , you would n't set foot out your f*****g house . so i just say to myself : great , you have your opinion , you do this . but i 'm going down that road mate . ' forever sports goes on sale on wednesday , april 15 .   