unblinking eyes stare from decapitated heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in what looks like a little shop of horrors . but what appears to be the final resting place of childhood toys is , in fact , a hospital where dolls in need of repair are given a new lease of life . the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition . scroll down for video . painstaking : gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works to restore a doll 's leg in the studio in rome , italy , which was set up 60 years ago by her relatives . creepy : hundreds of disembodied dolls and decapitated heads are piled up on the shelves of the shop , where they are given a new lease of life . some of the toys have been left to rot in the rome studio , while others , which have been painstakingly restored , are returned to their owners . the family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics . but soon the dolls began to take over the shop . the mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs . now hundreds of disembodied toys are stacked on the shelves . federico said : ' we started to restore dolls heads because they required the same methods as porcelain - the same colours , and so on . ' unblinking : the family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics . but soon the dolls took over . hard-at-work : squatriti family descendants , federico , ( left ) , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina ( right ) continue the family tradition . treasure trove : the studio in rome is a antique-hunter 's dream . ceramics , children 's toys and mosaics cover every surface of the doll hospital . macabre : what looks like the final resting place of a child 's plaything is really a place where some of the toys are given a new lease of life . ' maybe 40 years ago , the family started working on bodies as well , ' he added . every member of federico 's family has worked in the small shop and the ghoulish toys also have a long history - one dusty doll dates back to 1902 but now remains unclaimed in the treasure trove . there are hundreds of others that have been left to rot in the workshop - which stinks of enamel paint , glue and solvents . handy : the mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs . lifeless : every member of federico 's family has worked in the small shop in rome , italy and the ghoulish toys also have a long history . family history : the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was established by the squatriti family 60 years ago . frederico added : ' the best solution is to work well and work long enough . it 's something you do for your customers , not just for money . ' it 's satisfying for me , at the end of the day , to say to myself : `` i 've worked for 11 hours , the result came out beautifully and i managed to do it for a reasonable price '' . ' the people are happy and i am happy . it 's all beautiful . ' toys in the rome studio range from the traditional through to bizarre clown-like dolls which are covered in a thick layer of dust on the shelves . heads and bodies : ' we started to restore dolls heads because they required the same methods as porcelain - the same colours , and so on ' . frederico said : ' the best solution is to work well and work long enough . it 's something you do for your customers , not just for money ' .