a primary school teaching assistant has been suspended after a colleague discovered white powder in her bag and reported it to the police . it has been reported that lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school in gwent , had been carrying class b amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her . she initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her , but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession . lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school , gwent ( pictured ) , admitted carrying a class b drug on the premises and has now been suspended from teaching . a spokesman for the school told the sun that miss heath had been suspended , adding that she was being dealt with ' through the appropriate internal channels . ' gwent police confirmed its officers were called to the school in ebbw vale on march 19 after receiving reports a controlled substance had been discovered on the premises . a police spokesperson added : ' a 45 year old woman voluntarily attended tredegar police station where she received a caution for possession of a controlled substance ( class b ) . ' blaenau gwent council has confirmed that the school immediately suspended the member of staff following the incident . a spokeswoman for the local authority said : ' we take such incidents extremely seriously and this matter is now being dealt with by the school and its governing body , together with support from the council , through the proper internal procedures . we are unable to comment further . ' the maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is 5 years in prison plus a fine . for supply the penalty is up to 14 years imprisonment and a fine . if the amphetamines are prepared for injection they become class a drugs and increased penalties apply . there is no indication this was the case with ms heath . when a reporter from the paper went to ms heath 's home , a man claiming to be her son emerged and denied that she had been suspended or found with drugs . most amphetamines ( pictured ) , a form of chemical stimulant , are class b drugs , meaning the maximum penalty for possession is five years in jail plus a fine . he also threatened to attack anyone going near the property with a hammer . willowtown has 379 pupils aged between three and 11 years old , with 15 full-time members of staff , supported by four part-time teachers . ebbw vale , the area in which the school is located , is among the most deprived in wales , and a third of the pupils qualify for free school meals , above the welsh average of around 20 per cent .