floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ' the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night . ' he says : ' they told me i was crazy . ' that was when he broke away from bob arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time . manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2 . but mayweather takes special pride in being his own boss as they break the boxing bank . floyd mayweather hits the pads with his uncle roger during a media workout at his las vegas gym . mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against manny pacquiao . mayweather works to the body with co-trainer nate jones in front of a huge crowd at his gym . floyd mayweather snr and mayweather 's daughter iyanna were also at the workout . mayweather boxing camp coordinator dejuan blake helps his cousin do neck exercises as he works out . as the master of his own destiny , the man who calls himself money dictated when this mega-mega-fight between the two best boxers on the planet would happen . ' five years too late , ' cry the critics . ' it 's all in the timing , ' smiles floyd . five years ago they would have split $ 60m at most . five years ago only the boxing fraternity would have been paying attention . five years ago we would have pitched up at his gym when we liked . now mayweather will bank upwards of $ 180m , pacquiao $ 120m . now the whole wide world is waiting their collision with bated breath . on this frantic tuesday , heavy security guarded the mayweather boxing club for his media day . cameras from more than 30 television stations , scores of journalists and his usual crew of friends and admirers await and eventually witness a nominal workout in that overcrowded , overheated room . ironically , given that the human threat to his unbeaten record is from manila , the location is in a mini-chinatown . does floyd eat filipino ? there are chinese , thai , vietnamese cafes ... but no restaurants specialising in philippines food . cutman rafael garcia puts tape over the eyes and mouth of an image of pacquiao on the wall . members of the media and mayweather 's team wait for the arrival of the main attraction at his gym . mayweather 's hands are wrapped before he is put through his paces in front of the watching media . mayweather is flanked by his team as his hands are wrapped before the workout on tuesday . mayweather switches to the bag as he shows off the skills he believes will be enough to beat pacquiao . floyd mayweather suspects manny pacquiao has a neurosis about being the smaller man , which leads him to wear lifts in the heel of his shoes when they stand face to face . asked if he thought pacquiao had been bothered by anything at their fight-launch stare-down , mayweather said : ' he 's been surprised to see me so much bigger and taller . and i know he wears little lifts in his shoes . ' the tale of the tape measures mayweather standing 5ft 8in , pacquiao 5ft 6½ in . mayweather arrived , somewhat on the late side , in his new , state-of-the-art , very expensive mercedes party bus . he was preceded into the parking lot by his latest girlfriend driving an even costlier white rolls bentley coupe . the rest of the super-charged fleet stayed home in the mansion 's garage . floyd was followed to work by an lapd police car . only this time they were not chasing the man who has had his run-ins with the law . they were guarding one of the most important assets of the city of las vegas , which stands to profit by billions in big fight week . all in the timing . ' this thing just grows and grows , ' says mayweather . ' we now have one of the biggest fights ever in boxing history . and its not only about the money . ' one fight wo n't define my legacy . what about the 47 i 've already won ? ' it 's an important fight . it wraps everything together – the money and my boxing . ' but if one fight defined everything this would be the only one i 'd have needed . ' and after this , he says , there will be only one more . because it no longer amuses him like it did . ' i 'm pretty much done with all this , ' he tells a few of us summoned into a pocket in the middle of a crowd of people and cameras huge enough to do justice to a royal wedding . ' it 's not fun like it was back then , ' he explains . ' it 's business now . i do n't really enjoy it any longer . ' he promises to fulfil the sixth and last fight of his mega-millions showtime pay-per-view contract : ' final one at the mgm grand in september . ' bob ware adjusts mayweather 's gloves as he works out at his las vegas gym . mayweather hits a speed bag as he works out in front of a poster of pacquiao with his eyes and mouth taped . mayweather works out with his trainers as the media swarm around the ring to get a glimpse of the superstar . mayweather took time to speak to the media at one of the few such events before fight week in las vegas . mayweather speaks to the media with the giant figure of pacquiao looming in the background . why always the mgm grand garden ? he grins , shakes a right wrist wrapped in a glittering diamond and gold bracelet . it reminds him of the first time tickets for a fight of his there sold out inside six minutes and he happened to mention he had noticed a bejewelled watch in a shop window at one of the mgm hotels . ' they just went and got it as a gift for me , ' he says . ' ran to about $ 400,000 . ' he 's come a long way from the drug-strewn , gangland streets of grand rapids , michigan where he grew up in poverty . but much as those baubles are stamped with the hallmarks of his journey to wealth and fame , mayweather knows it was a human quality which made it possible . ' loyalty , ' he says . ' loyalty is the heartbeat of boxing . whenever i need something the mgm get it for me . when i fight one of the biggest fights of all time , i take it to the mgm grand garden . ' the clamour around him never stops but there have been heavily hyped events like this before which have turned into anti-climax for the public . will this one be worth the money , at $ 10,000 for a ringside seat rising to more than $ 200,000 on the black market , at virtually $ 100 per pay-per-view buy here in america ? it 's all in the timing : ' our names are way bigger than five years ago . you have the two best in the world fighting each other , at the pinnacle of their careers . and our styles should work . it 'll be exciting . ' mayweather warms up by doing sit ups before he works out in front of the media . having arrived late for his own workout , mayweather worked up a sweat with his trainers . mayweather laughs with david hasselhoff , who was among the celebrities to attend the workout . american rapper lil ' kim also stopped by the gym to watch mayweather perform his workout . hayley roberts and hasselhoff arrive at the gym in las vegas to see mayweather put through his paces . not that mayweather is exactly jumping around in frenzied expectation : ' i 'm not excited . this is another fight for me . yeah it 's big but basically it 's no different from all the others . once we get in that ring it 's a level playing field . ' at my age ( 38 ) i 'm over getting nervous about an opponent . i 'm past getting wound up . what i have to do is get in that ring and be myself . be the best floyd mayweather . ' that , he is sure , will be enough to win . the fight sells itself . but he carries a quiet air of confidence . there is much speculation about pacquiao storming his fabled defence but he says : ' we 'll see . i know i can make adjustments to any fighter . whatever he does , i can assess and make changes if i have to . ' i 'm calm , smooth , calculated and thinking five steps ahead of any opponent . but can he adjust ? he 's a reckless fighter . we saw that when he got knocked out by ( juan manuel ) marquez . ' all in the timing ? mayweather is grateful that pacquiao has survived long enough to play his part in what is fast approaching a half-billion dollar extravaganza . ' if i fought as reckless as manny , ' he says . ' i would n't be here today . i 'd be beaten up , worn out . i 've controlled my fights . ' mayweather works the heavy bag with just over two weeks to go before he steps into the ring with pacquiao . mayweather throws a right hook as he continues to show off his skills on the pads with his uncle . mayweather throws an uppercut as dozens of cameras are trained on the superstar from the ring apron . mayweather takes a break from his workout in the heat of his las vegas gym . mayweather wipes away the sweat as he is put through his paces on a warm day in sin city . pacquiao has also fought more often so by that assessment it is fortunate for him , mayweather and their bankers that he is two years the younger . mayweather pauses and adds : ' if i had n't made that decision to be my own boss i would n't be where i will be in the grand garden on may 2 . ' wherever he goes in his adopted home town , be it a booming casino , a heaving night club or his favourite fast food joint fatburger on the vegas strip , mr money brews up a storm . one created by the nature of the desert blows into the marquee in which we are talking . chairs and tables fly . as most of the group run for cover mayweather plays pretend scared , then strolls into his gym . it seems nothing frightens this man who arrived for work this day in a convoy of ludicrously expensive vehicles . not a nevada sand storm . not typhoon pacman blowing in from the philippines .