sean heslop , pictured , has been suspended as executive principal of two schools over allegations that a former pupil is expecting his baby . one of britain’s top headmasters has been arrested after he allegedly began a relationship with a former pupil now said to be pregnant with his child . cambridge-educated sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month . mr heslop , who separated from his wife last year , has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in kent . but a family member claimed he was ‘ the happiest he’s ever been’ as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer . the former pupil , who can not be named for legal reasons , became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a london university . the woman , who is now 18 , described herself as a ‘mummy-to-be’ on one social media page and posted online a picture of the three-month scan of her unborn child . she wrote that she was ‘ in a loving relationship’ and had a lot of support , but said some people were quick to judge her because she was a pregnant teenager . the ex-pupil recounted in a blog how her former headmaster came to visit her at university after she began her degree last september . mr heslop split from his canadian wife celine , 44 , in the autumn after nine years of marriage . he has not been seen at the £850,000 home they shared in battersea , south-west london , for several months . ‘ sean is the happiest he’s ever been because he’s going to be a dad . they are really excited and he is so happy to be a father , ’ an unnamed relative told the sun . mr heslop was educated at queens’ college , cambridge , before completing a teacher-training course at king’s college london . the woman , a former pupil at one of the schools mr heslop was in charge of , has reportedly been boasting online to friends that she is going to be a mother ( pictured , a scan of her child ) . despite the police investigation , mr heslop is ' the happiest he has ever been ' according to sources close to him because he is ' going to be a father ' . he worked as an english teacher at a top grammar school in barnet , north london , before becoming head of english at another leading grammar in orpington , south london . in 2004 , he was appointed head of tiffin boys’ grammar in kingston , south-west london . under his leadership it was one of the first schools in the country to be rated ‘outstanding’ in every category by ofsted . while there he was criticised by some parents for dramatically reducing the amount of homework given to pupils , so they would have more time to develop their own interests . there was also controversy after it emerged the school had spent all of its £800,000 reserves in four years , plunging it into financial crisis . in 2009 , he took over the running of the folkestone academy in kent on a salary estimated at more than £100,000 a year . he was also given responsibility for the marlowe academy in nearby ramsgate at the end of 2013 . the 47-year-old has been questioned by detectives over allegations of abuse of trust and has been released on police bail . mr heslop was appointed as executive principal at the marlowe academy in ramsgate kent , pictured , in 2013 . parents of pupils at the two schools were informed of his suspension in letters last week , but were not told the reason . the governors said in a statement : ‘ the executive principal of the folkestone and marlowe academies has been suspended from his duties . an investigation remains ongoing , the nature of which is confidential . ‘ this has not interfered with and will not inhibit the good work going on in the schools , where the respective head teachers and their senior leadership teams ensure that teaching and other school activities continue as normal and that school routine is unaffected . ’ a kent police spokesman said : ‘ on march 31 police arrested a 47-year-old man on suspicion of abuse of a position of trust . ‘ he was later released on bail until july 30 pending further investigation . ’ sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .