the father of two british jihadis who were killed while fighting in syria has left the uk and travelled to libya in a bid to find his eldest son and bring him home . abubaker deghayes , 46 , has left his home in brighton in an attempt to rescue his son amer , who travelled to the middle east in january last year . the 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al-nusra , a group affiliated with al-qaeda , who are battling the islamic state and syrian forces . abubaker deghayes , whose two sons died while fighting in syria . he has now left his home in brighton to travel to the middle east to bring home his remaining son amer , who is also in syria . mr deghayes eldest son amer , who is fighting for the jabhat al-nusra , a group affiliated with al-qaeda , who are battling the islamic state and syrian forces . he has not been in contact with his father . mr deghayes two younger sons were killed fighting syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year . abdullah , 18 , was killed last april after suffering a bullet wound to his stomach and jaffar , 17 , was reported dead six months later after being shot in the head during a battle in aleppo . and after not hearing from amer , who is also in syria , for nearly four weeks , he says he is on his way to the country to rescue his son . mr deghayes has insisted he has not ' run away ' to join the fight and has informed british authorities of his intentions to rescue his last-remaining son . it is believed he is with his brother omar deghayes , with the pair currently in tripoli , the capital of libya , after travelling via italy and tunisia . omar was previously held by the us as an enemy combatant at the notorious guantanamo bay detention centre between 2002 and 2007 , but was released without charge . speaking from libya , mr deghayes said : ' i am in tripoli at the moment in libya . ' it looks and sounds like i have run away from the authorities but i did n't leave until i informed them , through my lawyers , what i was intending to do . ' i will go and try to bring amer home . i told people that i have been going to syria long before the government started to change its stance on people going out there . ' mr deghayes younger sons abdullah , left , and jaffar , right , who were both killed in separate incidents while fighting in syria . jaffar deghayes was spotted leaving gatwick airport for syria with three other men from the portsmouth area . mr deghayes found out that his first son , abdullah , had died in syria when his eldest son amer called him and told him . it is not the first time he has pleaded with his sons to come home , and he once travelled to turkey and met jaffar and abdullah to try and stop them from entering syria , but failed . his dramatic rescue could also be in vain as in november amer said he would n't come back to the uk until ' all muslim lands are liberated ' and that jihad was ' not for tasters . ' mr deghayes also insisted that he could have easily joined the fighting if he wanted to , but chose not to because he disagrees with war . he added : ' if i wanted to join the fighting , i could have done so easily . but out of personal belief and nature , and not the government , i have n't . i do n't like wars and bloodshed . ' i am fine and all is well . i shall be back in brighton soon . ' mr deghayes is a trustee of a local mosque in east sussex , and is a controversial figure , who once said a suicide attack on tony blair could be morally justified . he was secretly recorded at a mosque in 2006 branding the then prime minister and us president george w bush ‘ legitimate targets’ . he previously insisted that his three sons were not ' terrorists ' but had travelled to syria to defend ' those who are weak ' . amer deghayes ( centre , in grey ) was the first of his family to leave for syria , telling his parents he wanted to be an aid worker . brother abdullah ( front left ) and jaffar ( front right ) followed soon after . the deghayes brothers while they were young . their family insist they went to syria to help the weak . he said his sons had been ' stubborn ' about travelling to syria after seeing videos of the atrocities online . in a film released last year , amer said he had no intention of returning to britain , adding : ‘ my work here is not done . i came here to give victory to the people and make sure that they receive justice , and we still have n't reached the goal yet . ’ he added : ‘ i 'm in the syrian civil war because i believe it 's my duty to fight here ... the muslim nation is like one body . if one part complains , the other parts react , so i do n't see it as a syrian conflict . i see it as an islamic conflict . ’ since amer travelled to syria , he has been in regular contact with his father and mother einas abulsayen via skype . it was during two such phonecalls that be broke the news that his brothers had been killed . the first call came in april . speaking about abdullah 's death at the time , mr deghayes said : ' amer told me abdullah advanced into territory of the syrian army then a sniper shot him in the chest . mr deghayes is believed to have travelled to libya with his brother omar , pictured , who was previously held by the us as an enemy combatant at the notorious guantanamo bay detention centre . ' he fell on the ground and looked at the sky and laughed . you feel he died a good death as a muslim . as a martyr , he goes to paradise . but at the same time you feel sad for the loss . ' meanwhile when jaffar died six months later , he added : ' amer sent me a message via the internet . all i know is that ( jaffar ) was fighting against assad and was killed in battle . ‘ i do n't know much else . i can only hope and pray to god to accept him and have mercy on him . ’ the brighton father 's attempt to rescue his son comes as reports suggested a 17-year-old girl from brighton was stopped at gatwick airport , west sussex , on suspicion of attempting to join jihadis in syria . the teenager is described as a close friend of the deghayes family . sussex police have urged members of the public with concerns or information about anyone planning to travel to syria to contact them . the force said in a statement : ' the government advice continues to be that no one should travel to these war zones and that the most effective way to help the affected population is through humanitarian support . '