this is the shocking dashcam footage which shows a halford 's mechanic taking a customer 's car for a joyride at almost double the speed limit when he took it in for an mot . shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot at halfords autocentre in plymouth last month , costing £255 . but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30 mph zone . scroll down for video . footage taken by a dashcam fitted by shaun ingram to his ford focus st , which showed a mechanic taking a customer 's car for a joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone . shaun ingram , from saltash in cornwall , who discovered the footage , says it shows it was a pre-planned thing , not spur of the moment . mr ingram , 50 , of saltash in cornwall , said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage , which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car . he explained : ' when i saw the footage i was left open-mouthed . the mechanic was abusing my car and my trust . ' as a nationwide company i thought i had nothing to worry about . but i feel very let down . ' from now on i will always wait by the car whilst it is being serviced . ' mr ingram , who is a married father-of three and works as a large goods vehicle assessor for dairy crest , said that the dashboard camera was not switched but was on standby mode on a motion sensor . he said : ' i was not trying to catch anybody out . i bought the camera- ironically - from a halfords store in plymouth last year . the dashcam captured seven hours worth of footage after mr ingram left his car at the plymouth branch of halfords . footage showing the car being taken out on a test drive captured by the dashcam . it also showed included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car . ' i have it in for road safety purposes because of the way some people drive . ' i did not look at the footage on the friday afternoon when i picked the car up . ' i saw it the next day and i almost choked on my pasty . the biggest file on there was the road test where the mechanic was doing nearly twice the speed limit . ' i then decided to look at all the footage . there was one clip of him reversing the car off the mot bay and leaning over to tell a colleague ‘ you wait til i road test this later . ’ ' that shows that it was something that was pre-planned and not a spur of the moment thing when he was driving my car . mr ingram says the dashcam had been switched to standby mode and came on due to its motion sensor . ' there is another clip of him constantly swearing when he can’t find the key sensor . ' i have not been given his name and i don’t need to know unless i get a speeding ticket . ' there is no point getting really angry about it . but it is fair to say i was open-mouthed when i saw the footage . ' i took the laptop in on the monday morning and the manager was very non-plussed when i showed him the footage . ' had he apologised then i would have left it . but i have now spoken with the head office and the regional manager and still not received an apology . at least they have started to take it more seriously though . ' i look after my car - it is my biggest asset and cost me nearly £10,000 and it is disgusting that someone like him treats it like this . ' i would never have known about it if i did not have the camera . i did not know it would pick it up but it has proved to be well worth the money . ' halfords have explained that the mechanic who drove the car was a temporary employee at the branch in plymouth , who has since been removed from this role . the company described his behaviour as “appalling” and offered to refund the cost for the mot and service . the regional manager for halfords autocentres , darren stone , also told mr stone in an email that the mechanic’s behaviour was unacceptable . he said : ' he drove your car in what i can only describe as an appalling manner . ' i do not and will never condone that level of pure neglect which is why the mechanic in question has been removed from working within the halfords autocentre group . ' meanwhile a spokesperson for halfords head office said : ' we were really disappointed to find out that this had happened and that we have let the customer down . ' we are treating this isolated incident as a priority and can confirm that the mechanic no longer works at halfords . ' please rest assured that we take issues like this very seriously ensuring that our 300 halfords autocentres always adhere to all road test procedures . '