the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california . guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat , the sacramento bee reported . ' i 'm overwhelmed , ' weber told the newspaper . ' i 'm getting all kinds of phone calls , emails and all that stuff . ' pilot : the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed ( march 2015 photo ) . active : weber has said he flies ' at least twice a month . ' he also still has his driver 's license ( march 2015 file photo ) . the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence , according to the sacramento bee . the newspaper reported that weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as a korean war flight instructor . all told , guinness world records says on its website that ' peter has been a pilot for 72 years . ' according to guinness , weber was a flight cadet in 1943 . ' peter went on to become a lieutenant colonel in the us air force , ' the website says . ' he retired from the air force in 1970 , and since then has flown for recreational purposes . ' weber pulled off his march 30 flight at the age of 95 years and 143 days , guinness says . weber told the sacramento bee in march ' the reason i did it is because i though maybe i might have the record be - being the fact my age is 95 years , 4 months and 23 days . ' years of experience : weber reportedly was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a lieutenant colonel in 1970 ( march 2015 file photo ) . at the time , he said that guinness recently made a new category for the oldest qualified pilot who still has a license and flies alone while speaking to the newspaper . weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a father to a 70-year-old son , according to reports . the sacramento bee reported weber still has his driver 's license -- and also pointed out that a since-deceased 105-year-old colorado man holds the record for being the oldest pilot ever , according to guinness . cole kugel 's final flight took place in 2007 before he died that june , guinness says .