getting the best price for your unwanted wares online can seem like a fine art , but researchers have found a simple trick that could see your bids soar . economists plotted how much goods listed on ebay sold for and discovered that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers , such as $ 1,000 . in fact , sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices . us researchers claim that exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers than round numbers . this chart shows that when the posted initial price is of a round number ( the red dots ) , like $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number ( the blue circles ) , like $ 1,079 . in terms of the study , the word ' odd ' is used to represent an unusual number , and not the opposite of even . competitive options for buyers and sellers can define a limit beyond which they will not go , but there is still a range of prices that fall within those limits , professor of strategic management at university of toronto , joshua gans , writes for the conversation . within that range , sellers are looking for a higher price while buyers would like a lower one , so each has an incentive to signal to the other their willingness to be a tough negotiator . sometimes , however , sellers may want to send a signal they are willing to be less tough , such as when they are keen to sell an item quickly . one method is to lower their starting price , but this isn’t always desirable . sellers on ebay who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers for their goods that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices , such as this watch example . while ebay is used for auctions , the bulk of its business comes from ' buy it now ' sales , such as this iphone . the study found that prices that end in '00 ' as above are more likely to sell quickly , but may not attract the most lucrative counter offers from sellers . researchers from cornell university , ebay research labs and the university of california , berkeley , have addressed the problem in a new paper . researchers from cornell university , ebay research labs and the university of california looked at pricing strategies within the confines of ebay’s so-called ' negotiation platform ' . most trades on the site are listed for a ‘ buy it now’ price and the seller can give buyers the option of making them an alternative offer . for example , a seller of an iphone may list a price of $ 1,000 ( £660 ) , and someone might come back with a counteroffer of $ 800 ( £530 ) . this could go on for about three rounds , in line with ebay rules , and could last up to a week . the study found that when the initial price is a round number , such as $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number , like $ 1,079 . in fact , the economists said sellers can even end up with a higher counteroffer if they list at $ 997 rather than $ 1,000 . but sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner , and are up to 5 per cent more likely to sell at all . matt backus , thomas blake and steve tadelis looked at this issue within the confines of ebay’s so-called ' negotiation platform ' . while some people associate ebay with auctions rather than straightforward sales , this hasn’t been ebay’s main business for about a decade . instead , most trades are listed for a ‘ buy it now’ price and the seller can give buyers the option of making them an alternative offer . for example , a seller of an iphone may list a price of $ 1,000 ( £660 ) , and someone might come back with a counteroffer of $ 800 ( £530 ) , to which the seller could then accept or make a new offer . this could go on for about three rounds , in line with ebay rules , and could last up to a week . but the study shows that when the initial price is a round number , such as $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number , like $ 1,079 . in fact , the economists said sellers can even end up with a higher counteroffer if they list at $ 997 rather than $ 1,000 . ‘ in other words , you are better off initially asking for a lower price if price was all you cared about , ’ professor gans writes . the researchers believe that what is going on here is ‘ cheap talk’ - an easy-to-make statement that may be true or untrue with no consequences for dishonesty - and not an otherwise reliable signal . there are some sellers who don’t just care about price and , absent any other way of signalling that to buyers , they set their price at a round number . the researchers applied their findings to house sales and discovered that people looking to sell their house quickly should pick a round number , but if they 're willing to wait , an odd one is more likely to get a good price . while the study is new , professor gans said the technique to sell houses ( a stock image is shown ) as quickly as possible , or for as much money as possible , is already used by estate agents . alternatively more patient sellers may be using non-round numbers to signal their toughness . either way , the last two digits of the price is ' cheap talk ' . but sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner , and are up to 5 per cent more likely to sell at all . this is interesting because the last two digits of a price make little difference to the price , professor gans notes . the authors wanted to see if their analysis would work in other markets and whether they could guess what the cheap talk prices would be . they found was that while the effect they observed didn’t happen for all other prices , it did arise for prices that ended in 99 cents . prices ending in 99 cents , or 99 pence , are very common in shops and send out the same type of signal as the ‘00’ prices , they said . the researchers also discovered that people looking to sell their house quickly should pick a round number , but if they are willing to wait , an odd one is more likely to get a good price – a trick estate agents already use .