dental kits which allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns at home are on the rise as patients say they ca n't afford a visit to the dentist . the kits , which can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops , are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns . however , more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as £52 . more and more people suffering from dental problems are turning to diy dentistry kits due to the price of nhs dental treatment ( picture posed by model ) . according to the guardian , one of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is dentek , who sell around 250,000 products a year , although there is no research on how they are used . among the items they sell are a temporary filling material as well as cap and crown cement . and although department for health figures show that more people than ever are receiving dental treatment on the nhs , experts are pointing to anecdotal evidence , which suggests that diy dentistry is on the rise . john wildman , a professor of health economics at newcastle university told the newspaper : ' people at the lower end of the distribution curve - on big housing estates in the north-east , for instance - are effectively completely unreported . one of the dentrek kits that can be bought to provide a temporary filling or repair a cap . ' they do n't take part in surveys and they do n't go to gp surgeries . which is why you have a situation where people in the north-east have gaps in their teeth and are resorting to diy dentistry . ' meanwhile others have pointed to the fact that in certain parts of england registering with an nhs dentist can be difficult due to huge waiting lists . an investigation last year found that some people were being forced to register with surgeries up to 40 miles from their home as nearby practices were refusing to take-on new patients . it also found that some nhs dental surgeries can have waiting lists of up to two years . the rise of the diy kits come as british dental health foundation revealed last year that one in five people admitted they would carry out diy dentistry , including pulling out their own teeth , because they ca n't afford to go to the dentist . their survey found that 17 per cent of people would remove their own tooth and that almost 80 per cent of those asked would leave a problem with their teeth until they could afford a dental appointment . the foundation also warned about ' senseless ' examples of people pulling out the wrong tooth and ending up with infections after resorting to using doorknobs and string to yank out painful and infected teeth . dr nigel carter , chief executive of the british dental health foundation , said : ' diy dentistry is both dangerous and unnecessary . there are too many senseless examples of people either pulling out the wrong tooth or ending up with an infection . ' it is all too easy to make the problem worse , which could result in more invasive and expensive treatment . ' 