neil robertson revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game 's all-time greats after storming into the second round of the betfred world championship . the 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over welshman jamie jones in sheffield . robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport 's major crowns . australia 's neil robertson plays a shot during his match against wales 's jamie jones at the crucible . ' i have put in more hours for this tournament than any other in my whole career , ' the 33-year-old australian said . ' before i played my first-round match i potted 300 balls without missing - that 's the stuff ( stephen ) hendry used to do . hendry used to not miss for six or seven frames , and that 's what you have to do if you want to dominate matches . ' if you were to stop my career and look back , i would definitely have a feeling of ' what if i had practised more ? ' . i think i could do more so i 've left no stone unturned coming into this tournament . ' it would be harsh to say i have under-achieved , but i think i could have won a lot more if i 'd sacrificed a little bit more . ' barry hawkins found himself the reluctant star of another crucible epic after clinging on to beat qualifier matthew selt in a final-frame decider . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory . robertson celebrates winning in his world snooker championship first round match against wales 's jones . but selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9 win . hawkins - who fought off a similar fightback from dominic dale in last year 's quarter-finals , admitted : ' i ca n't keep putting myself through that . ' there 's nothing worse than when someone is coming back at you like that and you can see your lead disappearing . robertson contemplates a shot during his world snooker championship first round match at the crucible . ' you 're telling yourself it 's only one frame but you can see him growing in confidence and potting long balls so it is a horrible place to be . ' ding junhui 's dismal record at the crucible looked set to continue as he lost the first four frames of his first-round match against veteran mark davis . the world number three looked distinctly out of sorts in the early stages , but clawed his way back to reduce the deficit to 3-4 overnight .