a dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in south carolina . april morris of bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news . she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups . morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots in the fur behind her head . the emotional reunion was caught on camera , with nina louise happily greeting morris and her husband . the emaciated pit bull appeared to be in bad shape , with ribs showing and scars on her body , but her family is just happy their pet is alive . sorry state : a dog who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her owners after being rescued from peril during a cockfighting bust in south carolina ( above ) . missing : april morris of bennettsville , thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , ( above ) again after she went astray in december 2013 - months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup 's rescue on the nightly news - she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the canine had just given birth to ten pups . ' it seems so surreal to us . it’s such a miracle to have her back , ' morris told carolinalive.com . nina louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health . her puppies , who have all found adoptive homes , will remain with her until they have stopped nursing . it 's suspected that nina louise was used as a bait dog at the cockfighting venue before having her puppies . along with the pup , 122 birds were also recovered from the compound . twenty-seven people were reportedly arrested on various charges at the bust and they are now awaiting court hearings . in safe hands : nina louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health . brood : her puppies , who have all found adoptive homes , will remain with her until they have stopped nursing .