when most of us get caught in the rain , it 's not a pretty sight . but , as their latest campaign proves , when you 're a victoria 's secret angel , it 's a far more glamorous affair . candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras in the lingerie giant 's new campaign . elsa hosk , candice swanepoel and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign to promote the brand's dream angels range . candice leads the glamour by guiding her fellow supermodels through an energetic routine , all whilst showing off the brand 's new dream angels range of underwear . each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range and will no doubt become the season 's hottest accessory . described as the brand 's most romantic collection yet , the underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic , crisp whites . often embellished with bows and adorned with lace and crystals , the range is both flirty and feminine . candice shows off her incredibly honed physique as she guides her fellow models through an energetic routine using the umbrellas as a prop . victoria 's secret dream angels push up bra . buy here ... visit site . sometimes there 's nothing sexier than a little white lingerie set . but do n't just take our word for it . cast your eyes over the impossibly gorgeous victoria 's secret angels here . candice swanepoel and co. look angelic in their simple white hot pieces in the latest campaign . a fresh white set is confident and chic , so why not update your smalls by clicking right to get candice 's stylish lace-trimmed bra now ? a white bra will be your go-to piece for everyday wear , plus it 'll compliment that summer tan perfectly when it comes to undressing ! we 're also crushing on these styles below from the likes of topshop and dkny . everyday essentials have never been so alluring ! dkny intimates lace bra at zappos . visit site . topshop lace bra . visit site . b.tempt 'd ciao bella bra at zappos . visit site . wacoal bra at bloomingdales . visit site . whilst she oozes confidence in the campaign , the 26-year-old south african model admits that it 's taken her some time to feel comfortable in her skin . described as the brand 's most romantic collection yet , the underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic , crisp whites , as showcased by candice . it 's been a successful week for candice , who recently appeared in max factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe . the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by candice today . candice may radiate confidence these days , but this was n't always the case . in a recent interview with maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . elsa hosk , 26 , also stars in the shoot ; the swedish model has worked for the likes of dior , dolce & gabbana , ungaro , h & m and guess . jasmine tookes , 24 , has walked the runway for the likes of calvin klein , tom ford , prada , miu miu and versace . each of the girls carry the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range and will no doubt become the season 's hottest accessory . she said : ' i look at myself in the third person , because that girl in the pictures isn’t me : it’s a girl i created to cope with the spotlight . i had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job . ' candice , who has been working almost non-stop since was discovered at the age of 15 , said she had to grow up fast . ' in one way i feel much older , because i’ve had to deal with a lot more responsibility and a career and money at an early age , ' she said . ' but at the same time , there’s still a 15-year-old girl in me , one who doesn’t even have a driver 's license . ' candice swanepoel appeared in max factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe .    