friends of murdered indiana university student hannah wilson have said she was last seen at the same bar where lauren spierer partied before she vanished in 2011 . wilson 's body was found in rural brown county , about 10 miles from the campus , on friday morning after a night out . daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . circumstances of her disappearance are ' eerily similar ' to the case of 20-year-old spierer , police told fox59 , and they will be looking into the case again . spierer vanished after a night out at kilroy 's sports bar in bloomington with a group of friends nearly four years ago . her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed . ' eerily similar ' : student hannah wilson , left , was found murdered hours after leaving a bar in bloomington , indiana last week - nearly four years after lauren spierer , right , vanished after leaving the same bar . on monday , wilson 's friends said she had been partying in downtown bloomington and they were also going to go to kilroy 's sports bar , but deemed that she was too drunk to join them there . the group put wilson into a taxi alone around 1am on friday and gave the driver her address . her body was found near lake lemon at around 8.30am . she died from blunt force trauma to the head , according to the county coroner , and preliminary results of an autopsy show she was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an object . her only other injuries were superficial abrasions and bruises that the coroner said were protective , rather than defensive , wounds . ' like trying to prevent her head from being hit , ' he told the herald-times . wilson was found fully clothed and there was no sign of sexual assault , police told sky news . toxicology reports for the woman will not be available for ten to 14 days . police said they traced a cellphone found near wilson 's feet to daniel messel and after they arrested him , investigators found blood in his vehicle , according to a probable cause affidavit . arrested : daniel messel , 49 , has been arrested on suspicion of her murder . a cellphone that police traced back to messel was found at wilson 's feet and investigators allegedly found blood inside his vehicle . last seen : her friends went to this bar in bloomington but , thinking that wilson was too drunk , put her in a taxi to go home . spierer also spent time at the same bar before she vanished in 2011 . messel 's stepfather , gerald messel , told fox59 that the man spoke of meeting a girl called ' hannah ' at bars near the university campus ahead of her death . gerald messel , who lives with his stepson , said he was surprised when the man failed to come home on thursday evening and he failed to go to work the next day . when daniel messel arrived back home , he was arrested by police , he said . troopers have confiscated his computer , phone and vehicle . this is also not messel 's first run in with the police , according the the indiana daily student . he was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and endangering persons in 1995 . a year later , he was sentenced to eight years in prison for battery by means of a deadly weapon and battery resulting in serious bodily injury . the president of the panhellenic association at indiana university has organized a fund will go towards providing one full year of room and board for wilson 's sister ( above wilson pictured with her father ) . wilson , originally from fishers , indiana , was a senior studying psychology at the university . friends held multiple vigils for the beloved student over the weekend . in one of the vigils , around 1,500 students comforted each other as they assembled on saturday evening at the campus ' alumni hall . balloons were released from the building 's solarium by her gamma phi beta sorority sisters . wilson 's mother and sister were present at the memorial and were shielded by family and friends who shared fond memories of her , according to the indy star . indiana university spokesman mark land said ' the entire iu bloomington community mourns the tragic death of hannah wilson . ' ' our deepest sympathies go out to hannah 's family and friends during this unspeakably sad time , ' he said in a statement . ' she was the kind of girl who made everybody feel special , ' maggie hadley , one of wilson 's former indiana elite teammates told the indianapolis star . h . heartbroken : thousands of students assembled on saturday evening at indiana university 's alumni hall for an emotional vigil to remember the beloved 22-year-old student . sadness : students comfort each other at the saturday evening vigil , a day after hannah 's body was found . the president of the panhellenic association at indiana university , margaret hensley , has also organized a you caring fund following the news of wilson 's death . the fund will go towards providing one full year of room and board for wilson 's sister . so far , the fund has collected $ 5,025 in donations . hensley wrote : ' we have suffered a tragic loss within our community this past weekend , with the horrifying death of hannah wilson . hannah was a beloved gamma phi beta , psychology major , and bright personality . ' her younger sister , haley , is planning on attending indiana university next year . we as a community want to welcome her with open arms , and feel that creating this college fund for her would be the best method . '24,000 dollars would pay for one full year of room and board for haley . we hope this could aid the wilson family in this difficult transition and allow haley to feel welcome into our bloomington community . ' 