luke shaw has conceded his debut season at manchester united has been a frustrating one and admits he does n't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club chelsea on saturday . shaw joined united last summer in a £31.5million transfer from southampton after an impressive campaign on the south coast , which resulted in him playing for england at the world cup . however , injuries have plagued the 19-year-old 's start to life at old trafford with the defender picking up his latest fitness setback during united 's 2-1 fa cup sixth-round exit at home to arsenal last month . luke shaw admits he has endured a ' frustrating ' debut season at manchester united giving himself a 'c- ' the 19-year-old 's campaign has been beset by injuries since joining from southampton last summer . shaw ( second left ) is back training with united after missing their last five premier league games . in total , shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions - a figure he admits is less than satisfactory . “it’s been a frustrating one because of the injuries i’ve picked up but i’m loving it , ' he told match of the day magazine in an exclusive interview . ' if i was to write a school report on my first season here i’d give myself a c- . you don’t realise just how big man united is until you’re actually here – it’s frightening ! it is the biggest club around . ' despite an injury-plagued beginning under louis van gaal , when fit shaw describes himself as ' lucky ' to be playing alongside players such as captain wayne rooney and record-signing angel di maria . shaw ( right ) has made only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the red devils at present . shaw last appearance for united came in their 2-1 fa cup sixth round exit at home to arsenal last month . shaw was speaking exclusively to match of the day magazine - on sale between april 14-20 . 'i’m playing with the likes of wayne rooney , [ angel ] di maria , [ radamel ] falcao and it’s weird because my friends always talk about them , saying how good they are and i’m just thinking “ wow , i play with them ! ” i’m probably one of the luckiest 19-year-olds to be alive , ' he added . shaw missed united 's 4-2 demolition of manchester city on sunday as he continues to recover from the injury picked up on fa cup duty against arsenal . united 's no 3 was back in training prior to the manchester derby as the red devils moved four points clear of their rivals in third place in the premier league . van gaal 's men are now looking to record their seventh league win in a row when they travel to table-toppers chelsea on saturday evening . and shaw , who grew up supporting chelsea , is hoping to play a part in that fixture - adding that it is his favourite away ground to play at . ' i used to watch chelsea every week . it was really good when i got to play at stamford bridge , i would say that’s my favourite away stadium to go to . chelsea is one of the first games i look for when the new fixtures come out . ' i haven’t scored yet so i don’t know . if my first goal was to come against chelsea i’m not sure what i’d do . ' shaw is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday evening . you can read the full interview with manchester united left-back luke shaw in this week 's match of the day magazine , on sale between april 14-20 .