people looking for low-maintenance animal companions have found their perfect match it seems . russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders . indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo . a product description states that the 5.5in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ' movable . ' photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig . scroll down for video . bizarre trend : russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls ( above ) and says she ca n't keep up with orders . although yamkovskaia specializes in owls , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection . captivated by the russian wildlife near her home in tambov , yamkovskaia started creating the pet dolls in 2014 . in a bid to get all of the features spot on , she went about collecting close-up photographs of her favorite animals . to make her dolls she often uses real furs - such as mink and fox - which she recycles from old hats , collars or coats . multi-talented : although yamkovskaia ( pictured ) specializes in owls , piglets , cats , pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection . fresh off the production line : it takes her around two days to produce just one doll . she then carefully sticks the pelts to rigid skeletons . to finish , eyelashes and glass eyes are added . claws are also applied to the owl and cat models . it takes her around two days to produce just one doll . along with hand stitching , she also uses a sewing machine to speed up the process . after a picture of her owl dolls went viral on social media last year , yamkovskaia found herself inundated with hundreds of requests . she has since received orders from all over the world . caught on camera : after a picture of her owl dolls went viral on social media last year , yamkovskaia found herself inundated with hundreds of requests . on the shopping website etsy , yamkovskaia states in her profile section : ' i sew my toys with love and soul . i think they all are alive . 'i’ll be happy if you find a little friend for yourself among them . finding your teddy , you get a lot of positivity , love and tenderness . ' the teddy bear maker she 's surprised how popular her creations have been . she also finds it amusing when people mistake them for real creatures . to keep fans up-to-date with her work , she frequently posts photographs to facebook and instagram . in response to one of her latest posts , one follower wrote : ' you 're art is sooo beautiful and i 'm in love . '