the chant was loud and it was pronounced . ‘ bees up , fulham down’ rang out of the not-so neutral end at craven cottage on a day for brentford’s 6,000 travelling fans to savour . a day they again stamped their serious play-off credentials down on the championship , humiliating their once superior neighbours . as stuart dallas thundered in his second of the afternoon , boos descended down on kit symons , who slunk back into his dugout . but this wasn’t about fulham and their mounting deficiencies . there were hairy moments for mark warburton’s side - particularly after ross mccormack’s 67th minute penalty halved the deficit - but they continue to chip away at those above them with a fearless way of playing the game , excitement in abundance . brentford celebrate taking the lead against fulham at craven cottage thanks to stuart dallas ( second left ) . dallas runs away to celebrate his second goal of the game just before the hour mark at craven cottage . fulham ( 4-4-2 ) : bettinelli 6 ; grimmer 5 ( hoogland 46 , 5 ) , bodurov 5 , turner 5 , husband 6 ; fofana 5 , guthrie 5 , tunnicliffe 5 ; kacaniklic 6 ( kavanagh 78 ) , woodrow 5 ( smith 62 , 6.5 ) , mccormack 5.5 . subs not used : kiraly , stafylidis , rodallega , burn . goals : mccormack ( pen ) 67 . brentford ( 4-2-3-1 ) : button 6 ; odubajo 6.5 , dean 6.5 , tarkowski 6 , bidwell 7 ; diagouraga 6.5 , douglas ; jota 7 , pritchard 8 ( judge 60 , 7 ) , dallas 8.5 ( smith 82 ) ; gray 6 ( long 73 , 6 ) . subs not used : craig , mccormack , bonham , toral . goals : dallas 24 , 58 , judge 90 , jota 90 . booked : odubajo , judge . referee : simon hooper ( wiltshire ) . attendance 23,271 . here was a first league double over fulham in 23 years and still the potential for a play-off campaign , although the manager might be looking for more . ‘ if a team puts a run together they’ll go clear with 90-odd points , ’ he reasoned . ‘ if they do that , with the nature of the fixtures , teams will drop points . ‘ the average for the play-offs has been 72 for the last five years . i think you’ll need 75 minimum . if that’s the case we need two more wins . ’ every single resident of the tiny area of west london would have snatched and bitten fingers off for that if offered in august . the celebrations after alan judge’s stunning late free-kick were almost muted , such was the shock at what they’d just seen , and delirium as jota smashed in a fourth . the guard has been changed around these parts and , when symons looks back on the video today , he’ll have serious misgivings as to how the little upstarts five miles down the road were allowed to humble fulham in their own back yard . ‘ people will look at the scoreline and think it’s a hammering but it isn’t , ’ he said . sadly , symons was wrong . what he could not legislate for was the oceans gifted to alex pritchard in the build-up to dallas’ opener . the excellent pritchard , on loan from tottenham , is a midfielder with the brightest of futures , someone adept at orchestrating the bees . so when he picked up possession inside his own half , looked up and just saw vacant grass ahead of him , the alarm bells should have been ringing in the hosts’ defence . but they did not . pritchard went on for 30 yards , recycled possession just outside the home box and - later in the move - dallas manouvered enough space for himself to put his laces through a daisy-cutter across marcus bettinelli into the goalkeeper’s bottom left-hand post . the first phase of that attack gives an indication why the cottagers have struggled so badly this term and still aren’t safe from relegation . that , and a failure to take their chances when on top . cauley woodrow saw two presentable opportunities go begging before seko fofana - all alone at the back post - could only skew an effort wide with goal gaping . alexander kacaniklic earlier jinked away from two defenders but saw a shot smartly saved by david button . mccormack , the multi-million pound signing from leeds last summer , became increasingly on the periphery ; starting as one of two strikers , the scot felt the need to constantly drop off into midfield , such was fulham’s lack of creativity . all that meant was woodrow had to fend for himself against the two aggressive central defenders harlee dean and james tarkowski . ross mccormack scored from the penalty spot with 23 minutes remaining to drag fulham back into the game . in short , fulham need a plan for next season - and quickly . even though it looks as if they will remain in the division , their supporters will not accept another campaign of stagnation . compare that to buoyant brentford , who are on a crest of a wave and unsure where the next six weeks will take them for all the right reasons . they grew into this , comfortable in retaining the ball after half-time and looked every bit the play-off side . dallas’ second of the afternoon was something to behold , a wondrous strike in the same direction as his first but into the roof of bettinelli’s net from 30 yards out . up went the inflatables , over went the arms in hugging celebration . brentford’s supporters can’t quite believe what they are witnessing . to say their brand of football does not deserve these accolades would be to decry warburton’s hard work over the course of 18 months . it is just a shame he will not see that through beyond may . fulham 's ryan tunnicliffe is tackled by brentford 's james tarkowski and jake bidwell . brentford goalkeeper david button saves shot from alexander kacaniklic of fulham . it ought to have been three when andre gray blazed over from six yards but , just as the visitors looked to be cruising to the points , referee simon hooper gifted fulham a way back into the game . toumani diagouraga was harshly adjudged to have hauled down debutant james husband , with mccormack doing the rest from 12 yards . lanky matt smith was a menace when introduced , almost catching button out with a cheeky lob as fulham pressed hard for an equaliser . tarkowski needed to stretch every inch of his giant frame to keep out kacaniklic too . they’ll need a bit more of that if this adventure is to finish at wembley , although the quality of judge’s late free-kick might just be even more important . was this warburton’s best individual result as a manager ? ‘ no , and i don’t mean that in a derogatory way , ’ he said . ‘it’s a big local derby and the atmosphere was electric . brentford 's moses odubajo challenges fulham midfielder danny guthrie for the ball . ‘we’ve had momentum from day one , not in an arrogant way but we have . it’s self belief . the players deserve to be where they are . ’ they weren’t finished there , jota hammering home in stoppage-time to cap off a stunning move . the key for warburton is brentford possess both class and guts in spades . nottingham forest better watch out on monday .