welcome to the exoplanet hd 189733b , where temperatures reach 3,000°c ( 5,400°f ) and winds are in excess of 620mph ( 1,000km/h ) . this world might be 63 light-years away - and we can’t even get a direct image of it - but scientists have incredibly been able to measure its atmosphere , just by measuring its sodium emission . the findings - made with a relatively small telescope - suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system in unprecedented detail . swiss researchers measured the temperature of ' hot jupiter ' hd 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°c in the atmosphere ( shown in diagram ) . and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . the research was carried out by scientists from the universities of geneva and bern in switzerland . hd 189733b is a gas-giant slightly larger than jupiter located 370 trillion miles ( 600 trillion km ) from earth - or 63 light-years . it is located in the constellation vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ‘ little fox’ . the scientists found that the temperature on the planet increases dramatically with altitude – up to 3,000°c ( 5,400°f ) in the upper atmosphere , hot enough to melt lead . type : ' hot jupiter ' gas giant . distance from earth : 63 light years . temperature : up to 3,000°c ( 5,400°f ) wind speed : 620mph ( 1,000km/h ) conditions : glass particles in the atmosphere give it its dazzling blue colour . coupled with the extremely high wind speed of 620 mph ( 1,000km/h ) , it reveals the planet has an extremely turbulent atmosphere - and is almost certainly inhospitable to life . the planet was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that mercury is to our sun , completing an orbit in just 2.2 days . but the results are exciting , because it highlights just how much information we can glean from a distant world with limited technologies . speaking to mailonline , subproject leader dr kevin heng said it could be possible to measure the conditions on an earth-like world using this technique – although the process was difficult . ‘ it remains to be seen if the astronomical community is able to do these measurements for earth analogues , ’ he said . the difficulty arises because an earth-sized world blocks out much less of the light of its parent star compared to a jupiter-sized world like hd 189733 b . ‘ it would help if we can find an earth-like exoplanet orbiting a really bright star , ’ dr heng added . and he said the research was important because they used a ' dinky four-metre telescope from the ground to do measurements of the quality as the hubble space telescope . ' hd 189733b ( right ) is a gas-giant slightly larger than jupiter ( left ) located 600 trillion kilometres from earth - or 63 light-years . it is located in the constellation vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ‘ little fox’ . the scientists found that the temperature on the planet ( illustrated ) increases dramatically with altitude – up to 3,000c in the upper atmosphere , hot enough to melt lead . the technique works by measuring the ‘ sodium signal’ from distant worlds . when a planet passes in front of its star , the intensity of this signal varies . depending on how weak or strong the signal is , it is possible to work out how hot the planet is . and because the signals come from different altitudes , the scientists can measure the temperature difference across the atmosphere . lower down on the planet , temperatures are believed to drop to a still-scorching 1,700°c ( 3,100°f ) . to measure the wind , the team measured how the sodium lines were ‘blueshifted’ - meaning its light was stretched in such a way to indicate it was coming towards us . the planet ( shown ) was already known to orbit 13 times closer to its star that mercury is to our sun , completing an orbit in just 2.2 days . but the results are exciting , because it highlights just how much information we can glean from a distant world with limited technologies . and this blueshift suggests winds are coming from a circulation process on the planet – or , in other words , superfast winds . comparable measurements of this planet have been made before , using large ground-based telescope ( with mirrors up to 10 metres in size ) and the hubble space telescope . but this research used a comparatively small telescope , just 3.6 metres wide , at the european southern observatory ( eso ) in la silla , chile . the research opens up the opportunity of studying atmospheres of distant exoplanets without having to resort to giant observatories or space telescopes .