a sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to chain their bikes to railings in cambridge has been branded ' elitist ' . the notice has been fixed outside a university building in portugal place - but the message contains grammatical errors , according to one expert . it warns that bikes will be ' removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church . warning : a sign written in ancient greek and latin telling cyclists not to leave their bikes chained to railings has been erected outside a university building in cambridge . the sign , put up behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church , has been branded ' elitist ' . selwyn college classics lecturer dr rupert thompson said there were inaccuracies in the greek warning with one word having the opposite meaning to that intended . he said : ' it 's definitely trying to be ancient greek but it 's not quite . the second word , `` ληφθεντεσ '' , actually means `` taken '' not `` left '' . ' he added : ' i do n't know what to make of it really , but it 's very amusing and it 's absolutely great to see this in the city . ' classicist professor mary beard , from newnham college , translated the latin part of the sign as meaning ' two wheels [ cycles ] left/abandoned here will be removed ' . classicist professor mary beard ( pictured ) , from newnham college , translated the latin part of the sign as meaning ' two wheels [ cycles ] left/abandoned here will be removed ' . but both lecturers agreed it was the correct way to describe bicycles as the noun was not invented until the early 19th century . one twitter user called the sign ' elitist ' and another wrote : ' i feel tempted to add some anglo-saxon graffiti . ' others suggested the sign had not done much good - because a picture on social media showed a bike chained to the rails in defiance of the notice . according to the daily telegraph , nobody from cambridge university knew when the sign had been erected or who had put it there .