the lovers who got the most complaints in new york city for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works . the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn . the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex . most complained : the building maintenance worker ( left ) and his girlfriend ( right ) , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block , official records show . say it loud : this is the apartment block with six calls made to 311 - new york city 's non-emergency number - because of complaints of loud sex . blue : the woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today . she later left , saying : ' i 'm doing what i 'm doing in my own apartment . i 'm not hurting anyone . ' the woman whose moans during sex sparked the highest number of complaints in new york said today : ' i 'm not hurting anyone ' . the woman , who declined to give her name , walked out of the apartment block wearing striped maxi dres , a white jacket and sunglasses . she looked upset and said she was hurt by all the attention - and revealed she was pregnant . she said : ' i 'm four months pregnant . ' i 'm doing what i 'm doing in my own apartment . i 'm not hurting anyone . my neighbors calling the city are going about it the wrong way ' . the league table , compiled by dnainfo , showed that there were six complaints at the bay ridge block , which has 59 separate apartments . the outcome of the complaints was not recorded . speaking to daily mail online the boyfriend said that he did n't see what the problem was - and would n't mind if other people were as noisy as him . he outed himself after daily mail online asked him and the building manager who had been making the complaints . the boyfriend said : ' i do n't believe it because i 'm the one who stays there . i pop in there a lot . ' i do n't think it 's true . i do n't understand why - other people make louder noises . other people do the same . ' everyone has their own way . people above and below us are noisy too . i sometimes stamp my feet to get them to quieter down . ' i would n't mind if the people next door were doing the same ! ' when daily mail online knocked on the apartment door a dog barked loudly and after a pause a woman said : ' hello ? ' asked for comment she said : ' i 'm unavailable at the moment ' . neighbour siddharth shah , 29 , a long island university student , said that sometimes the lovers fight and make a racket - but mostly they make love . he said : ' it happens three or four times a week though i 'm at school in the day so it could be more . ' they usually go at it for 10 to 15 minutes and i hear them all over the apartment . ' sometimes it 's the bedroom and sometimes it 's in the lobby by the front door . ' another neighbor said : ' it 's really loud . ' i have to put on music because you can hear everything . ' the building owner madelene behefte , 73 , said she had no idea about the complaints . she said : ' people should call the landlord before calling the city to complain ' . on the job : the building handyman complained about over noisy sex was at work today - at the apartment block where his girlfriend lives . house of noise : the apartment building is in bay ridge , close to new york harbor in brooklyn . no idea : the building 's owner madelene behefte told daily mail online she had no idea about the complaints . no respite : the front door of the apartment at the center of six complaints for noisy sex . it failed to stop neighbors from overhearing the couple 's antics .  dnainfo reported that new york 's 311 helpline , for non-emergency complaints to city authorities , recorded a total of 133 complaints about loud sex between january 1 2014 and february 12 2015 . brooklyn , the borough now associated with trendy hipsters and home to would-be president hillary clinton 's campaign , had the highest number of complaints , at 42 . brooklyn is the most populous of the city 's five boroughs . queens was next with 37 , the bronx and 31 and manhattan had 23 . staten island recorded none . the website reported that on november 14 last year , a 311 operator logged : ' neighbors are having very loud sex with the windows open that can be heard throughout the whole bldg . ' the complainant told the website the woman was ' moaning and screaming `` oh yeah , oh , do it to me '' . ' it was followed by another woman shouting at the couple : ' shut your f***ing windows you wh**e . ' complaints to 311 are passed to police to investigate if they are available , but officers found no noise disturbance when they attended the bay ridge block .  