marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday . the long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer , it 's the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit . but what trainers should you go for ? running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you do n't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment . but trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas boost shoes that have gone on sale for £130 . femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out £130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi 's budget £19.99 pair ahead of the london marathon next week . in contrast , supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow ( thursday ) with trainers available for the budget price of £19.99 , while stocks last . the shoes you run in are important to prevent injuries and ensure you have a comfortable and enjoyable experience - so can you really get the same results from a cheap supermarket pair over the costly version from a major sports brand ? femail asked lucy waterlow , a marathoner with a personal best time of 3.06 and co-writer of nell mcandrew 's guide to running , to take them for a test run ... the trainers . adidas ultra boost , £130 : adidas promise to deliver ' your greatest run ever ' with their new trainer which features their much-hyped ' boost ' technology . this is a type of cushioning that the sports brand have developed that looks like polystyrene and offers support and comfort to the wearer . adidas say the boost cushioning also gives ' energy return ' so the wearer can run more effortlessly . the adidas boost technology is a type of cushioning that they say will deliver ' your greatest run ever ' while the primeknit fabric is said to ' allow the natural expansion of any foot shape ' . at £130 , the shoes only offer value for money if you intend to run in them often but the bumpy undersole does n't seem to be that durable . it certainly seems to have worked for the numerous elite athletes , including jessica ennis , who have worn boost trainers thanks to sponsorship deals . wilson kipsang wore the adidas adizero adios version when he ran what was then a world record time of 2:03:23 in berlin in 2013 . speaking of the ultra boost version , which have been on sale since february at a rrp of £130 , adidas executive eric liedtke said : ' ultra boost represents the culmination of years of work and meticulous research striving to create the greatest running shoe ever . ' all of the very best in adidas technology has been combined to create a shoe that provides industry leading energy return , alongside unprecedented adaptability and comfort . ' aldi premium running shoes , £19.99 : the premium running shoes are part of the aldi 's latest ' specialbuys ' running range under the label ' crane ' , which will be in stores from 16th april and available while stocks last . it 's not the first time aldi have sold running trainers as a non ' premium ' version went on sale for £14.99 in 2013 . aldi 's £19.99 premium running shoes for women comes in a turquoise and pink shade . the men 's version is royal blue and will only be available in stores while stocks last . aldi say their running range is ' high spec ' despite the low prices , as they keep their costs down by stocking their own products over big brands , having minimalist store interiors to reduce overheads and charging for plastic bags . the supermarket chain are n't in the business of sponsoring elite athletes so ca n't lay claim to helping olympians to medals or world records with their shoes . lucy 's verdict : appearance . adidas : the trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women and are made using adidas primeknit fabric which is said to ' allow the natural expansion of any foot shape . ' the dark colour makes a refreshing change for women - who are often only offered running shoes in pink and pastel shades - while the primeknit fabric does look stylish and professional . the boost cushioning encompasses the shoe a bit like a hovercraft so they do n't make your feet look small and dainty . but while friends i met for a run did observe my feet looked big in the trainers , they also admired the fashionable appearance of the shoe . aldi : the supermarket 's trainers look the part and come in a bright turquoise and pink shade for women and royal blue for men . the appearance is reminiscent of brooks popular adrenaline running shoes so friends did n't guess they were made by aldi until i told them . the aldi trainers feature reflective material - which is great for being seen when running at night - but the rest of the fabric used does look cheap . the outsole looks bulky and plastic so it does n't look like it will have much give when running . lucy 's verdict : fit and running feel . adidas : the shoes have a tongue at the back of the heel so they can be pulled on easily and the primeknit fabric makes it feel you 're putting your foot into a comfortable sock . the laces are sleek and elastic so can be easily tied for a snug fit . adidas shoes can often come up small , so it 's advisable to buy a pair half a size larger than your usual shoe size . in doing so , i found my pair to be a perfect fit . my toes had plenty of space at the front so they did n't pinch when my foot pushed forward when i was running , and they were n't too lose at the heel so they did n't rub . often after trying new running shoes blisters can form but this was n't the case , even after a nine mile run in the shoes . the boost cushioning gives a comfortable and springy feel and despite its bulky appearance , the shoes do not feel too heavy on the foot while running . lucy found the boost trainers , left , fitted well and felt comfortable on a long run , while the aldi trainers , right , were adequate but felt bulkier and were n't as snug a fit . aldi : the shoes are not available in half sizes so i opted for my usual shoe size , despite this they still felt too big . i ran in the same running socks i had worn when running in the adidas trainers but felt i could have used a thicker pair in order for the shoes to fit better . the trainers were not a snug fit so i felt i had too much room around my forefoot and tightening the laces further did not help alleviate the roomy feel . wearing thicker socks did help but i still felt my feet were sliding around a bit too much . however , they did n't rub so i again did n't suffer from any blisters but they did feel less comfortable and were n't as well fitted as the adidas pair . the trainers also felt heavier on my feet than the boost . overall , they felt more sturdy then the adidas pair and i did n't feel like they adapted to my feet in the same way - running in them for a short run was fine but i would n't feel comfortable wearing them for a long run or when doing speed work . lucy 's overall verdict . to my surprise , the aldi shoes on the whole looked and felt the part - although the fit was n't ideal . i 'd recommend these to runners on a budget who are just starting out , who may just be running two or three times a week and are n't sure yet if they 'll stick with it . at £19.99 , if you do n't carry on running if your motivation wanes , you wo n't be too much out of pocket . the supportiveness of the shoes also means they would be suitable to wear at the gym or for walking . however , if you intend to carry on running , i 'd recommend going to a specialist running shop to be fitted for a shoe exactly to your foot type . they can analyse your running style to see if you need any extra support . the adidas shoes felt comfortable and i was happy running in them for miles . although they feel a little too bulky for speedwork , they 're great for steady runs and i would run a marathon in them . i 'm not convinced this ultra boost model is worth the £130 price tag though - unless you can run in them often to get value for money . i 'm also not convinced that the unusual bumpy undersole they have will be that durable - after just a few runs the rubber has shown signs of wear . what i convinced by was the cushioning provided by the boost technology . but in the future i would be more likely to buy the adizero adios version for speedwork and racing as they are lighter in weight and not as expensive as their ultra counterparts .