mila kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken . the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video , claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser kristina karo , because of injuries suffered while being forced to watch her music video . on wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $ 5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend , who said she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old kunis stole her pet foul . fight fire with fire : mila kunis has responded to kristina karo 's accusations she stole her chicken as a child , with a video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching karo 's music video . but within hours kutcher had posted a video - obtained by tmz - pointing out some of the holes in karo 's story . ' let 's just get this clear : you stole a chicken from a one-month-old child who spoke to you in an entire conversation , ' the 37-year-old declares in the self-shot vid . ' it 's just shocking to me . not only did she have a conversation at one-month old in ukraine , she was speaking english ! this is the smartest girl i 've ever heard of ! ' kunis herself appears on the clip pointing out that it must be ' just coincidental ' he accuser has a new music video out , and is trying to launch a singing career here in la . foul play : the reason for karo 's lawsuit 25 years after the ' theft ' is that moving to la , which is where kunis also lives , has brought back memories of losing ' doggie ' for karo and forced her back into therapy . ' i was devastated . i was weeping . i was dumbfounded . i was like `` which chicken did i steal ? '' because i was obviosly in the village when i stole these chickens . so i apologise to this woman who was maybe or maybe not a month old , ' she said . the jupiter ascending star admits that she has yet to be physically served the documents , and then reveals she is preparing her own counter-suit . ' but emotionally i feel served . i would like to launch a counter $ 5,000 lawsuit for making me sit there and watch you music video , shamelessly . my body hurts . my eyes hurt , they 're burning . that requires money . ' ' no green card for you , ' kutcher admonishes into the camera , in response to her song title plea give me green card , which currently has almost 170k views on youtube . the couple then turn semi-serious to address the charges . ' i feel like i will be a chicken fighter for a very long time . i will be an advocate . i would never steal someone else 's chicken . i would n't , i would n't , ' kunis insists . ' listen folks , i believe this woman , i know her pretty well , i believe that shes an ethical person that would n't steal a chicken , ' kutcher adds . ' so you have it right from the horse 's ... the chicken 's mouth . ' not a bad egg : mila kunis , seen here with partner ashton kutcher in los angeles , had being accused of chicken theft despite growing up more than 100miles from karo . kutcher pointed out in their response video that their accuser was also one-month old at the time and apparently fluent in english and ukranian . pollo loco : in her suit , karo alleges that when ' doggie ' disappeared , kunis confessed to the crime and told her ' kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' ( stock image ) . karo had alleged that she was a classmate of kunis , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ' inseparable ' growing up . the wannabe singer , now living in los angeles , claimed a seven-year-old kunis had been ' envious ' of her pet hen , and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her . in her lawsuit , karo states that ms kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west ukraine where she lived , and play with the hen , called ' doggie ' , tmz reported . she alleges that when ' doggie ' disappeared , ms kunis confessed to the crime and told her ' kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' , the website states . karo , who has moved to los angeles in the hopes of launching a career as a singer , says the theft of her pet chicken traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist . she claims that being in close proximity to ms kunis , who lives in hollywood with partner ashton kutcher and daughter wyatt , has ' brought back all the bad memories ' and she now needs therapy again . she also claims the theft of ' doggie ' 25 years ago has ' prevented her from pursuing the american dream ' , according to tmz . interestingly enough , karo 's self-penned online bio describes her as being ' born and raised in the small village berezhnytsia ' , which is a three hour drive - and more than 100miles away -from chernivtsi , where mila kunis lived before moving to the u.s. aged seven . wannabe : kunis deduces it must be ' just coincidence ' karo is trying to launch a music career just as she threatens with the lawsuit .