a nondescript tobacco shop in a tokyo neighbourhood has become an unlikely tourist attraction thanks to a four-legged shopkeeper who has become an online sensation . with millions of video views on the internet shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the shimada cigarette shop from afar . he may be the most adorable salesman ever , but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter . shiba the dog uses his nose and his paw to open a sliding glass window at a shop on the outskirts of tokyo . visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack , pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him . when a customer rings the bell for service , he leaps to his feet and opens the window for his owner , hisako suzuki , who runs the shop in a west tokyo neighbourhood , near musashi-koganei metro station . the intelligent shiba inu dog is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up just to see him or buy cigarettes , snacks or magazines . when groups arrive , they queue to pose for photos with the internet star . one youtube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views . shiba 's owner has trained him to open the sliding glass window when customers ring a bell for service . one of the videos featuring shiba 's customer service skills has more than two million views on youtube . shiba can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a display case under the counter . suzuki said business has picked up since the videos went viral , and tourists are invited to sign and leave comments in a guestbook . some visitors have travelled from as far away as england and taiwan to say hello to the seven-year-old dog . british tourist carrie furlong told reuters : ‘ i 've always wanted to come to japan . ' i would’ve sat on that plane for 20 hours if i had to , i would have come here just to see the culture and everything , but i wanted to see him specifically as well while we were here . ’