a manhattan judge has delivered a blistering sentencing speech to a banana mogul who ignored a woman 's seizures after feeding her cocaine at an all-night three-way sex romp and then tried to cover up her death , while putting the ' selfish ' and 'self-pitying ' millionaire away for 12 and a half years . thomas hoey jr. , 43 , who was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court , showed ' callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ' integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties ' of hoey , who ran a lucrative banana importing business on long island he inherited from his father and grandfather . ' he was n't going to take a chance that his cocaine-based lifestyle was going to be exposed , ' castel told the court , nbc new york reported . self-absorbed : thomas hoey jr. , 43 ( left ) was sentenced to 12.5 years prison wednesday after refusing to help , kimberly calo , 41 , who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol , during a sex party at midtown hotel the kitano in january 2009 . hoey , who finally plead guilty to the charges in august after long denying them , stopped the other woman in the hotel room , nicole zobkiw , from 911 , and also prevented hotel security coming into the room as calo - a mother of two - foamed at the mouth , bled from the nose , turned blue and died . he even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following calo 's gruesome death as he helped hamper authorities ' efforts to bring him to justice through 2010 . hoey coerced zobkiw to lie about what happened to a grand jury . castel said hoey had used his supplies of cocaine to ' social and sexual favors ' between 2005 and 2010 . ' in truth , thomas hoey jr. is a self-absorbed , self-pitying , selfish man who is a danger to the community , ' castel said , the new york daily news . hoey apologized for what he did , but still managed to compliment himself , bringing up his life achievements and how he was made class president in the sixth grade . he also said he will forever regret that his arrest destroyed his banana business after all the years and work his family had put into building the empire . ' we were thinking time together in a safe classy hotel between consenting adults can be ok , ' hoey said . ' i hope it provides comfort to ( calo 's family ) knowing i 'm in hell , literally . ' threesome : hoey pressured the other participant in the sex romp , nicole zobkiw ( pictured ) , his then-girlfriend , to lie in court . she was later found guilty of lying to a grand jury . luxurious : the millionaire banana mogul received over 12 years prison for conspiracy to distribute cocaine , conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice relating to the incident at manhattan 's ritzy kitano hotel ( pictured ) . hoey 's guilty pleas last year were the culmination of years of speculation and accusations regarding the importer 's hard-partying and callous ways . calo collapsed and began ' frothing at the mouth ' that night after consuming the high-quality cocaine the $ 700-a-night suite at the kitano hotel on park avenue . hoey allegedly was n't alarmed by calo 's condition and said ' he 'd seen this before ' and that she ' was going to be fine . ' the banana mogul had sex with zobkiw and then set his attention towards calo , a personal trainer , retired nypd detective edward boyle , who investigated calo 's 2009 death , said on the stand last year . calo had first snorted the coke laying on a coffee table and when she went back for more , she began overdosing and ' her head dropped to the table with a thud , ' boyle told jurors at manhattan federal court , where zobkiw was on trial for making false statements and perjury . zobkiw was later found guilty of lying to a grand jury about the fatal party . happier times : thomas hoey , pictured here not long after the incident in 2009 , will spend the next 12 years behind bars due to his cocaine-fueled party lifestyle , which lead to the death of a woman . the court was told zobkiw attempted to get hoey to call the emergency services but he refused , allegedly telling her that calo would be fine . zobkiw is seen in a security video going to the hotel reception three times to try and get help , boyle revealed . boyle told the court that hoey assured zobkiw that a ' doctor friend ' was on the way . zobkiw 's lawyer leonard lato admitted his client had to tried to hide what happened on the night . but she was intimidated two days before her grand jury testimony in 2011 by a ' corrupt lawyer ' allegedly linked to hoey , lato said . zobkiw has not yet faced sentencing . under his new plea deal , hoey faces 11 to 13 years in prison on federal charges . for the state charges he tampered with evidence by trying to clean up calo 's blood , hoey faces four years . he 's due for sentencing on the state charges next week . on the federal charges , hoey will be sentenced dec. 15 .