sir nick faldo will now know for sure whether rory mcilroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world no 1 a squeeze during monday 's practice round at augusta national . after mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine and admitted he was ' obsessed with the gym ' , faldo , a three-time masters winner , voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights . faldo last week told the daily telegraph : ' throwing 200lb and 300lb weights around is not going to be good for your golf swing . the heaviest weight i would ever lift was my body weight . you can play some pretty good golf when you have just got some decent shoulders on you and a strong neck and a strong pair of hands . ' sir nick faldo puts a hand on rory mcilroy 's shoulder during monday 's practice round ahead of the masters . mcilroy and three-time masters champion faldo greeted each other with a handshake at augusta national . mcilroy 's fitness programme does n't seem to be doing him too much harm . he goes into the year 's first major as the bookies ' favourite and looking to become just the sixth player in history to complete the career grand slam . he shook faldo 's hand on monday and the englishman , wearing a green jacket mcilroy would love to have in his collection , gave him a squeeze on the shoulder . as expected , mcilroy drew a huge crowd as patrons piled in to the famous georgia course and scottish amateur bradley neil had a taste of things to come as he practised with him . the patrons were also keen to get close to mcilroy as masters week began with the monday practice . mcilroy , preparing to tee off on the fourth , is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam . world no 1 mcilroy made sure he put in a bit of work in the huge bunkers at the georgia venue . meanwhile , just 27 per cent of mcilroy 's fellow professionals think he will complete the career grand slam by winning the masters this week . but the good news for the 25-year-old is that he is far more popular than defending champion bubba watson , who can not rely on too much support if he gets into a fight at augusta national . those were among the results gleaned by an espn.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - who anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics . asked if mcilroy would be wearing a green jacket on sunday , 28 players said yes , 72 said no and three abstained . mcilroy will have caddie jp fitzgerald on the bag to help him plot his way round the stunning course . the northern irishman had scottish amateur bradley neil for company during monday 's practice . and mcilroy congratulated neil after he chipped in at the second ... save them for thursday bradley . asked which player they would not help in a fight in the car park , watson got double the number of responses ( 22.6 per cent ) of second-place finisher patrick reed ( 11 per cent ) . rory sabbatini was third and robert allenby fourth . other topics covered in the survey included slow play and recreational drugs - kevin na was judged in need of the first one-shot penalty in 20 years on the pga tour , narrowly ahead of ben crane , while 40 players felt the tour should stop testing for marijuana . and on the subject of tiger woods , only seven per cent thought he would not win another major before the start of the season . however , after woods missed the cut in phoenix and withdrew from his next event after 11 holes , the numbers became 50/50 . mcilroy walks with scottish amateur neil on the 12th fairway during a practice round for the masters . mcilroy putts on the 12th green as he puts the final touches on his preparations for the upcoming masters . 