there is still no relief for hopeful house-hunters in sydney as the capital city records yet another record boom in property prices after a ' strong ' quarter . dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the harbour city , a record growth and the strongest increase since april in 2009 , according to the latest figures from rp data . it comes after the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent in february , leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market . scroll down for video . sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $ 690,000 . it 's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $ 1 million mark like this ryde residence in sydney’s north west which sold for $ 1.8 million on the weekend . set on 565 sqm , the four bedroom property features a deluxe spa bath , two terraces , three bathrooms and a fireplace . ' although household income growth is minimal , sydney 's housing market continues to reach new record highs , with values increasing over the past 35 months , ' tim lawless , the head of research at corelogic rp data , said . ' it does pose the question of how much longer the growth can persist . ' sydney 's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent , despite brisbane , adelaide and perth suffering significant declines over the quarter . ' although value growth has started 2015 on a strong note , the annual rate of growth has moderated back to 7.4 per cent , which is the slowest annual growth rate since september 2013 , ' mr lawless said . this five-bedroom home at 39 holmes street , maroubra in sydney’s eastern suburbs sold for $ 2 million on saturday . across two levels it features open plan living areas , a chic kitchen with stone benches and three bathrooms with a stand-alone bath . sydney 's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent , despite brisbane , adelaide and perth suffering significant declines over the quarter . ' despite the headwinds of softer labour markets , very low rental yields , increased oversight on lending conditions and heightened economic uncertainty , historically low mortgage rates appear to be adding further stimulus to the housing market , albeit that stimulus is largely being felt in sydney . ' the median house price across the combined capital cities is now $ 530,000 , with sydney being the only city to surpass the figure with a median of $ 690,000 . canberra surprisingly performed second best to sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values leading to a $ 530,000 median house price , followed by melbourne at 3.5 per cent and $ 518,000 . the remaining capital cities were all under 1 per cent with hobart at 0.9 per cent and darwin at 0.4 per cent . perth took out the last place at -2.7 per cent despite beating hobart and darwin over the year . this five-bedroom home at 95 chelmsford street , newtown in sydney’s inner west , sold for $ 2.3 million on saturday . it has four levels on 290sqm with high ceilings , three bathrooms , courtyard gardens and a self-contained studio . the median house price across the combined capital cities is now $ 530,000 , with sydney being the only city to surpass the figure with a median of $ 690,000 . canberra surprisingly performed second best to sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values leading to a $ 530,000 median house price . hobart has maintained its position as the most affordable position by a longshot , with a median dwelling price of just $ 310,000 . mr lawless offered a word of caution to investors with their eye on sydney however , suggesting the market could soon begin to ' lose momentum ' . ' there is some risk that recent investors could be left holding a very expensive but low yielding asset with a lower than expected rate of capital gain over the coming years , ' he said . ' from there it will be interesting to see if they bide their time in the housing market or exit to other asset classes with a stronger return profile . ' this home at 260 holden street , ashbury in south-western sydney , sold for $ 1,781,000 over the weekend . it too features five bedrooms , three bathrooms , a self-contained studio , a huge outdoor entertaining area and established gardens . rp data 's tim lawless offered a word of caution to investors with their eye on sydney , suggesting the market could soon begin to ' lose momentum ' .