a video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain . youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ‘ the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’ while the instance is extremely rare , it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon . scroll down for video . egg-traordinary : us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg ( shown on the left ) that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ‘ the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ’ in the video , elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white . he then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside . ‘that’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg…an egg inside of an egg… crazy man , ’ he said , before noting that the yolks look rich . egg-citing : in the video , ‘elman511’ cracks the egg ( pictured ) , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white . the unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . this is when a second oocyte ( yolk ) is released by the hen 's ovary before the first egg has completely traveled through the oviduct and been laid . when the second oocyte’s released , the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct , were the shell is made . it’s thought that a shock , or stress causes a contraction , forcing first egg to reverse its course . this means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte , which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell , creating a giant egg around the first one . the unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction . a hen releases an oocyte from her left ovary into her oviduct every 18 to 26 hours , back yard poultry mag explained . usually , the oocyte travels down the oviduct , adding layers of the egg until it’s laid through the hen’s vent . but in a counter-peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey . when the second oocyte’s released , the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct , were the shell is made . it’s thought that a shock , or stress causes a contraction , forcing first egg to reverse its course . this means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte , which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell , creating a giant egg around the first one . the phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 ad by the dominican friar and polymath albertus magnus in his book de animalibus . ask the egg-spert : in a counter-peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey . this results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks ( pictured ) .