a coast guard cutter arrived in san diego on thursday with more than 14 tons of cocaine , part of what authorities has described as a surge of seizures near central and south america . the cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $ 424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 . a crewman from the coast guard cutter boutwell guards some of more than 28,000 pounds of cocaine , seized at sea and offloaded at naval base san diego on thursday . the cocaine was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . the u.s. navy and coast guard and royal canadian navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $ 848 million in the eastern pacific region near central and south america in the last six months , resulting in 101 arrests . that 's more than the 12-month period that ended in september , and u.s. authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures in the area since 2009 . suspicious vessels in international waters were tracked by military or law enforcement aircraft or vessels . coast guard personnel operating from coast guard cutters and royal canadian navy vessels boarded the ships to seize the drugs . thursday 's arrival marked the second time that the cutter boutwell has returned home with a huge load of drugs . in october , its crew turned over more than 14 tons of cocaine to the u.s. drug enforcement administration . suspicious vessels in international waters were tracked by military or law enforcement aircraft or vessels . coast guard personnel operating from coast guard cutters and royal canadian navy vessels boarded the ships to seize the drugs . thursday 's arrival marked the second time that the cutter boutwell returned home with a huge load of drugs . in october , its crew turned over more than 14 tons of cocaine to the u.s. drug enforcement administration . u.s. navy and coast guard and royal canadian navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $ 848 million in the last six months .