more than a thousand twitchers travelled to somerset this weekend after a rare bird was spotted for only the third time in the uk . they descended on the west country when a hudsonian godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america . it is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska - was last seen in the uk in 1988 . the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers . more than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird . the wader - with a long beak and spindly legs - is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts , the black tailed godwit at the shapwick heath , in somerset . the commotion started when a birdwatcher identified one of the rare birds on the somerset levels and word got around . over the weekend , more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge . the wader is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts , the black tailed godwit . photographers line the water 's shore to take the perfect shot of the rare bird , only in the uk for the third time . each spring the hudsonian godwit heads from south america to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska . in good weather , many birds make the trip south without stopping . a small number migrate in the wrong direction . these birds forage by probing in shallow water . they mainly eat insects and crustaceans . both parents look after the young birds , who find their own food and are able to fly within a month of hatching . their numbers were reduced by hunting at the end of the 19th century . one birdwatcher michael trew , 70 , said word spread about the bird via an online forum at 7.30am yesterday . the retired quantity surveyor said : ' by the time i got there at about 9.30am there was the best part of 200 people there , but about 1,000 had turned up by the time i left . ' i think the last time anyone saw one of these it was about 30 years ago . ' it 's not a migrating bird - it 's not supposed to be here at all - and we can only assume it is one that has got lost . ' we only think that it has got mixed up in a flock of migrating birds and made its way here . it is quite a strange affair . we do n't know how long it has even been here . ' it was spotted by someone who thought ' that one looks a bit different ' but these things have to be verified before you get people driving from all over the place to see it . ' someone came and checked and the word went out about 7.30am . ' i have only been bird watching for five years so it is quite good to have seen one - some people will have waited 30 years . ' they have just built a new car park down there which is just as well because it was filled and then double parked . ' it was a really nice day with everyone down there . ' 