a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river . fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole , which is a type of goanna , at the mary river near pine creek in northern territory . after feasting on its ' meal , the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water . ' it was a real shock , ' ms gleeson told daily mail australia . ' there was only a little bit of the tail hanging out of his mouth , then he saw me a went under . ' ms gleeson has been living by the mary river station for more than 15 years where she runs the mary river australian safaris . with several years of fishing and hunting , ms gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location . ' it was amazing - you do n't see that very often if ever , ' she said . 'i’ve seen a saltwater fella eating a leg of a deer . ' a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river this week . the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at a river in northern territory . fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the lizard whole . the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community , nt news reported . the parks and wildlife crocodile management team trapped the creature near nauiyu and successfully removed him . senior ranger tom nichols said the animal had been in the area for ‘ a couple of weeks’ . ‘ it was taking dogs from the community and posing a threat to kids in the area , ’ he told nt news . ‘ a trap was set about a week before the croc was caught . ’ the parks and wildlife crocodile management load the 4.38m crocodile onto a trailer . it took three members of the croc management team and local police to get the half-ton saltie out of the trap . ‘ we gave it some drugs , pulled it out of the trap and loaded it up on our skid trailer , ’ mr nichols said . ‘ some crocs are worse than others but he wasn’t too bad . ' ‘ we stopped in adelaide river to wet him down and that gave the local kids , and adults too , a chance to see the croc and ask questions . ’ this was the 58th crocodile removed from top end waters this year . it was later taken to the darwin crocodile farm at noonamah . the huge crocodile 's jaws are taped shut before it is pulled from the trap up to the trailer .