this is the moment when al-qaeda linked islamist fighters enter a town in syria , narrated by a british jihadist fighter . the video , which shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern syrian town of jisr al-shughour emerged yesterday , shortly after their victory . just hours after the eight-minute video was filmed , syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour , killing some 20 fighters . scroll down for video . victory laps : two islamist fighters on a motorbike hold a black jihadist flag often associated with islamic state , as other fighters hug and cheer in the street of jisr al-shughour . the city in the northwestern idlib province was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-qaeda affiliates al-nusra , who released the video , and other groups of islamist militants . the video was released yesterday , and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria . the man speaks with a british accent as he narrates the video from a car driving into the city . ' this is all new territory , by the mujaheddin , this is all new territory , liberated by the muslimeen , ' he says from behind the camera . ' this region has been freed and the oppression has been lifted , ' whilst repeatedly calling out allahu akhbar [ god is great ] ' behind the frontline : the eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a british fighter and shows the al-qaeda linked group 's entry into the syrian city they have captured . jisr al-shughour , a city in the northwestern idlib province , was captured by a terrorist alliance , comprising al-qaeda affiliates al-nusra , who released the video , and other groups of islamist militants . despite the man behind the camera claiming that the islamist have ' liberated ' the city , the inhabitants of jisr al-shughour can be seen fleeing on foot and in whatever vehicles available . the man preaches as a ' saviour ' claiming the al-nusra front has ' saved these oppressed people ' , despite filming the inhabitants of the city as they pack their belongings and flee in long convoys on foot and in cars . the man , whose face is not shown in the video , claims that the locals are fleeing their homes because of the syrian government , and that al-nusra has come to ' free ' them . the day after the town was captured by the islamist alliance , which did not include fighters from islamic state , the syrian government responded in force , a monitoring group said . the syrian observatory for human rights said at least 20 air strikes hit the city , which had been one of the regime 's last remaining strongholds in idlib province . there was no immediate word on any casualties from the latest raids , but the observatory said the death toll from several dozen air strikes on the city on saturday had risen to 27 . ' at least two civilians and 20 fighters were killed in the saturday air strikes along with five others whose identities are not yet known , ' observatory director rami abdulrahman said . ' the toll is expected to rise after the bombing continued overnight and into sunday . ' fighting between rebel forces and regime troops continued south of the city on sunday , he added , and opposition fighters had captured at least 40 government forces . ' ten members of the ( pro-regime ) national defence force were captured yesterday by fighters , and today a group of 30 soldiers were found hiding in a building near the southern entrance of the city , ' mr abdulrahman said . ' the army launched a failed raid to rescue them . ' calm before the storm : just hours after the video was filmed , syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour , killing some 20 fighters . attacks : smoke rises from opposition-controlled jobar district of damascus after a syrian army fighter jet attacked in a separate airstrike earlier sunday . syrian state television said the military had ambushed some militants close to jisr al-shughour , which was captured on saturday for the first time in the four-year conflict by a hardline islamist alliance including al-qaeda . syrian television also reported that the insurgents had slaughtered civilians , but the observatory said only government supporters had been detained and no one killed . ' terrorist groups committed a horrific massacre of civilians after entering jisr al-shughour , ' state television quoted a military source as saying . it said at least 30 civilians had been killed in the town close to the turkish border . but observatory said combatants had detained government backers and that there was no confirmation so far they had killed anyone . ' if we knew people were killed by them we would report it , ' mr abdulrahman added . ' no women and children were captured . ' the capture of the town of 50,000 people in idlib province was the latest setback for government forces in the south and north of syria . insurgents have been trying to push the army out of the few remaining government areas in the province , bringing them closer to latakia , a coastal province of vital importance to president bashar al-assad . state news agency sana also said the military had carried out night raids around jisr al-shughour and inflicted heavy losses on its enemies . last month the hardline sunni islamist rebels seized idlib city , the provincial capital , after forming an alliance that includes al-nusra , the ahrar al-sham movement and jund al-aqsa , but not the rival isis group which controls large tracts of syria and iraq . the islamist alliance calls itself the army of fatah , a reference to the conquests that spread islam across the middle east from the 7th century .