talk about gobby ! this little fellow has been born with five mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf . the strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother 's udders . but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths . he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born , in narnaul , northern india . scroll down for video . on everyone 's lips : this calf in northern india has five mouths and is attracting a stream of human visitors . normal body : from the neck down the baby , who has been called nandi , looks like any other calf . dinner time : nandi sucks from his mother 's udders with one of his mouths . she feeds him three times a day . shocked locals have called the calf nandi - a nickname for lord krishna . it can also mean ' one who pleases others ' . in india 's hindu culture , cows are revered as a symbol of life . nandi is attracting a constant stream of visitors wanting to celebrate him . many of them kneel before him to pray and touch his hooves . local vet sukhbir singh said that despite nandi 's appearance , he is healthy and thriving . but the calf 's two eyes are positioned in such a way on his distorted head that he can only see to his sides and ca n't look in front of him . one eye is blue and the other black . other strange-looking bovine have been recorded in recent years , including a buffalo with three mouths and three eyes that was in in 2009 , also in northern india , in 2009 . last month a bull with two faces - one on top the other - was sold to an abattoir in queensland , australia . the 440kg animal fetched around £300 in the auction at mareeba livestock yard . celebrating him : local schoolchildren kneel and pray at nandi 's feet . cows are revered in the hindu faith . garlanded : wreaths such as those around the calf 's neck are traditionally used in india during worship . baby teeth : one of nandi 's mouths is clearly bigger than the others , which hang around his face . two years ago , an american farm revealed it had a calf with two heads but only one brain . vets said the little heifer , in whiting , vermont , was meant to be a twin but the egg did not separate properly in the womb . each head mimicked the other , meaning when she was feeding with one of her mouths , her other mouth was sucking too . two-faced : this 440kg bull , which has faces on top of each other , was sold to an abattoir last month . double-headed : the female calf born that was born in whiting , vermont , two years ago . tired out : both her mouths sucked at the same time because they were operated by a single brain . 