blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop , this is the moment three afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless taliban fighters . in disturbing images taken at the execution site , the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen , as a huge crowd - including children - gathered to witness the public killings . flanked by gun-wielding fighters , the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape , where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs . scroll down for video . disturbing : blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop , this is the moment three afghan prisoners waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless taliban fighters . chilling : the three men are seen sitting with their backs turned away from the gunmen , before being shot in the head at point-blank range by the insurgents . left for dead : the killers then left the prisoners ' lifeless bodies languishing among the crowd on the execution site . watching on : a member of the taliban stands at the site of the execution , which took place earlier today . using ak-47s , the insurgents then loomed over the three men , before firing successive shots into the back of the prisoners ' heads at point-blank range . as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground , plumes of dust shot into the air . the gunmen then left the prisoners ' corpses languishing among the crowd . hundreds of locals had gathered in the rural province in eastern afghanistan to witness today 's events . men , women and children were seen huddled together on the fringe of the execution site , while other spectators were seen crawling onto nearby rooftops to get the best vantage point . some were even seen recording the harrowing scene on their mobile phones . the chilling scene took place in the eastern province of ghanzi , where the men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery . the taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an islamic court . dozens of taliban gunmen , some of whom were in vehicles , kept guard around the site during the execution . spectators : the chilling scene took place in the eastern province of ghanzi , where the men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery . viewing : taliban members huddled together as the gunmen prepared to carry out the horrific killings . guarded : dozens of taliban gunmen , some of whom were in vehicles , also kept guard around the site during the execution . meanwhile , at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad . the blast happened outside a bank where government staff and military personnel were collecting their salaries . a spokesman for a group claiming to represent islamic state in afghanistan said it carried out the attack . children are said to be among the victims . preparation : a member of the taliban is seen pushing one of the three men onto the barren execution site . a gunmen stands guard , in front of hundreds of local families who had come to watch the event unfold . members of the terror group gather near to the execution site . the taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an islamic court . the killings took place earlier today . it came as at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad .