pitted against a russian grandmaster in the tournament , 12-year-old chess prodigy jonah willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters . so it came as a surprise when , after two hours of play , alexander cherniaev , 45 , shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw . ‘ the grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through , ’ said jonah’s proud father simon scott . scroll down for video . talented : jonah willow aged 12 , who drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age . ‘ we were all completely amazed . we couldn’t really believe it . you expect grandmasters to destroy people . ‘ but jonah did very well . cherniaev was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of jonah’s opening moves while he worked out what to do next . ’ jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress to face cherniaev , who went on to win the title . jonah was third overall , qualifying for the british chess championships this august in warwick . it was the fourth time jonah , from nottingham , had competed in an open tournament against far older and more experienced players , but the first time he had played a grandmaster . the title , the game’s highest apart from world champion , is conferred by world governing body fide . jonah started playing chess when he was five after seeing his sister hambel , then eight , playing for fun against their father . jonah , 12 , played chess grandmaster alexander cherniaev for hours before the russian suggested a draw . proud dad simon scott said the chess champion was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son 's moves . both children are home-schooled by their parents mr scott , 45 , a designer , and his partner carolyne willow , 49 , a children’s rights campaigner and writer . jonah said of his david versus goliath encounter on sunday with cherniaev : ‘ it feels amazing . it was such a shock result . ‘ but i was n't nervous . i knew if i lost that it did n't matter because he is a grandmaster and i was just excited to be playing against him . i’d like to be a grandmaster myself one day . ’ home-schooled jonah spend up to two hours a day studying chess moves in books and analysing games . jonah winning chess tournaments at the age of seven , left and eight , right . he has already represented england at junior events . jonah was one of 20 players in the open section of the tournament , but was not the youngest – an 11-year-old also qualified . mr scott said : ‘ cherniaev said jonah played well and chose a good opening . they spent time together analysing the game . ’ jonah spends one to two hours a day studying chess moves from books and analysing past games . he belongs to a chess club , enjoys badminton and plays the piano . mr scott said : ‘ i play chess but jonah regularly beats me . he just loves the game . '