a self-confessed neo-nazi who allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor was forcibly removed from court on thursday after swearing at the judge and flipping over a table . the outburst unfolded as kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida . he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south . he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday . at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss . scroll down for video . kicked out : kenneth stancil is removed from a wayne county courtroom in goldsboro , north carolina on thursday after he swore at the judge and claimed he shot dead a man for trying to molest his brother . when the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder , stancil burst into expletives , wncn reported . ' yes i know that , ' stancil snapped back . ' but when i knew what i had to do and i knew i got caught , i knew in my mind that i could get life or i could get the death penalty . i knew that . ' he then repeated his previous claims that he targeted lane for making sexual advances towards stancil 's 16-year-old brother . he has said lane did not touch the boy but intended to . ' you defile my top eight , i will kill you , ' stancil told the court on thursday . ' know what i 'm saying ? if you 're a f***ing child molester , a f***ing rapist . ' when judge ronald o. jones told him to stop using that language , he answered : ' i do n't give a f*** what you want ' . jones ordered him to be removed from the courtroom but stancil was able to flip over a table before deputies pounced on him and hauled him away . when he returned about 30 minutes later , his demeanor was very different , wncn noted . he told the judge he would like an attorney and one will be appointed to him on friday . in court : stancil , who has multiple neo-nazi tattoos , made his first appearance in the north carolina courtroom on thursday after he was transferred from florida , where he was arrested on tuesday . hauled out : deputies carried the suspect out and he was much calmer when he returned 30 minutes later . back home : stancil is seen emerging from a state bureau of investigation plane in north carolina after being extradited from florida on thursday . stancil is pictured arriving at the wayne county courthouse ahead of his violent outburst on thursday . he was flown by authorities from florida to north carolina on thursday after denying an extradition hearing . stancil allegedly shot lane , who worked in the college 's print shop , at 8am on monday before fleeing on a motorcycle . when the bike later broke down , he hitchhiked to daytona beach where he was picked up for sleeping on the beach , which is in violation of the beach ordinance . in a telephone interview on wednesday from a daytona beach , florida , jail , stancil claimed lane tried to take advantage of his brother , whom he found on facebook . ' he ai n't physically touched him , but he was in the proposal to try to and i was n't going to let that happen , ' he told wral . he added that he has no regrets about the shooting . ' i did what i did , and i 've got to live with it , ' he said . ' if i get life , i just get life . i 'm a murderer , you know , what the hell do i got to care ? i do n't give a damn if i go back to society . ' stancil , who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols , said he is a neo-nazi who is looking out for his fellow white people . gunned down : stancil , pictured left in his mug shot , allegedly shot his former supervisor , 44-year-old ron lane , pictured right , on monday morning . he said part of the reason was because lane was gay . mourning : students gather at a memorial at wayne community college for ron lane on tuesday . ' i do n't believe in race mixing , ' he said . he added that he hated gay people ' with a passion ' - but said that was only one of the reasons he killed lane , who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before stancil was fired for absenteeism . stancil 's mother has previously said that lane did not molest the teenage boy because they had never met . lane 's cousin , steven smith , told wral that lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone he worked with . there were no criminal complaints filed by stancil family members with either the wayne county sheriff or goldsboro police , wayne county investigations clerk ellen grice said . there were also no workplace complaints filed against lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , wayne community college human resources director ina rawlinson said . police have said officers are investigating the possibility that the incident was a hate crime . 