a man has narrowly avoided jail time for impersonating a police officer to ' deviously ' track down his wife and child at a women’s refuge . on friday , ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence , according to the nt news . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions . ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . costa was unable to contact his wife but , assuming she had left in a taxi , lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse . the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . prosecutor marilyn lester told the darwin magistrates court that costa told the taxi operator that he was searching for a woman who had abducted a young boy . the taxi company put a call out to all staff and subsequently located costa’s wife and son at women’s shelter . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions ( stock pic ) . when costa received this information he confronted his wife at the shelter , resulting in an argument . according to costa’s defence lawyer peter orr , costa has been denied access to his son since the altercation . orr insisted that costa’s actions were due to serious worry and concern . magistrate cavanagh told the darwin magistrates court that costa’s actions were ‘ devious and dishonest’ , according to the nt news . however , he was spared a prison sentence due to his ‘ remorse , work ethic and high standing in the community . prosecutor marilyn lester told the darwin magistrates court that costa told the taxi operator that he was searching for a woman who had abducted a young boy .