judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ' scarred psychologically ' by the sexual assault but freed josh sweet after serving just two months on remand . a burglar who broke into a young teacher 's home and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed has been freed by a judge who handed him a community sentence . the decision 's been slammed by a victim support charity worker , who said that ' victims deserve justice ' , after the 24-year-old teacher was left traumatised by the ordeal . judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ' scarred psychologically ' during the case at birmingham crown court , which has left her ' petrified ' and afraid to go out . but joshua sweet , 20 , from birmingham , was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance . madhu rai , prosecuting , said sweet broke into the victim 's home and took items including car keys and a mobile phone before making his way upstairs , where the victim was asleep . in the dead of night , she awoke to find the intruder ' standing beside her bed ' and screamed , which is when the terrifying assault began . sweet then rolled down her duvet and touched the defendant sexually , saying ' you 're not going to make any noise are you ? ' miss rai said the woman was extremely frightened and tried to divert the defendant . sweet touched the woman’s bottom and upper thigh but as he took hold of the waistband of her pyjama bottoms , her house-mate , the owner of the property , came into the room and he fled . the police were called and sweet was arrested nearby , but the victim 's ordeal continued . in a statement she said she had been ' petrified ' at finding a stranger in her bedroom and that the incident , which had caused her to take time off work , had left her feeling vulnerable and unsafe . she said she had put a bolt on her bedroom door and had been reluctant to come out . sentencing guidelines for sexual assaults range up to eight years for the most serious cases . and although the nature of this case falls in the lower end of the scale , the sentence angered a victim support charity that said offenders ' must be given a punishment that fits their crime ' . joshua sweet , 20 , admitted burglary and sexual assault and was given a three-year community order , ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and must register as a sex offender for five years . carolyn hodrien , victim services director for victim support , said : ' from supporting thousands of victims of sexual assault , we know what a devastating impact it can have on people 's lives . ' victims deserve justice and for this to happen offenders must be given a punishment that fits their crime . community orders can be a really effective way to manage some offenders , but should never be issued for a serious offence or as a quick-fix . ' sweet , 20 , of alwold road , weoley castle , birmingham , who admitted burglary and sexual assault , was also ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and register as a sex offender for five years . the judge also made a restraining order banning the defendant from going to the victim 's road or having any contact with her . mohammed hafeez , defending , said sweet was a young man with many difficulties and had been the victim of serious offences himself which had had a ' significant ' effect on his mental health . he said the death of a daughter had caused him to drink to excess and that he had little recollection of what he had done .  