the u.s surgeon general has enlisted elmo to urge american children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization . a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children ( and parents ) why it is so important . in what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot . scroll down for video . campaign : surgeon general vivek murthy and elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy . as dr murthy visits sesame street , elmo tells him he is ' worried about getting a shot , ' asking the surgeon general : ' why does everyone need a vaccination , anyway ? ' in response dr murthy compares getting vaccinated to using an umbrella when it rains and wearing a helmet on a bike . this calms elmo who gets the shot he needs , and after realising how quick and painless it is to get a shot , he asks dr murthy whey everybody does n't get a vaccination ? ' that 's a good question , elmo , ' murthy says , looking at the camera . ' that 's a good question . ' the video , produced by the daily dot , is accompanied by a shorter 30-second video of elmo and the surgeon general released by the department of health and human services . important message : dr murthy explains that the best way elmo can help him to do his job and keeping americans healthy , is by getting ' all his sesame street friends ' vaccinated too . it sees dr murthy explains that the best way elmo can help him to do his job and keeping americans healthy , is by getting ' all his sesame street friends ' vaccinated too . the campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at disneyland in december , sickened 147 people in the u.s. , which has seen the debate over vaccination flare up . officials at the california department of public health said no new infections have been reported for the past 42 days — or two incubation periods — meaning the outbreak is over in the u.s . many who fell ill in the disneyland episode were not immunized against measles . some cited personal reasons for refusing shots , and others were too young to get the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine . in california , where 131 of the 147 measles cases could be found , a vaccination bill has generated intense debates pitting personal rights against public health . the campaign videos have been released amidst debate across the united states over whether vaccines should be compulsory in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at disneyland in december . the measure would bar parents from seeking vaccine exemptions for their children because of religious or personal beliefs , joining california with mississippi and west virginia in such strict requirements . medical waivers would only be available for children with health problems , forcing unvaccinated children to be homeschooled . california lawmakers were set to vote on the bill last week , but this was postponed by supporters postponed so authors could work on revisions to address concerns raised in the senate education committee . the proposal 's lead author , sen. richard pan , a democratic pediatrician from sacramento , said he is confident he can clarify his bill so lawmakers are comfortable in supporting his bill . ' every child deserves an opportunity at education , ' pan said , ' and every child deserves an opportunity to be safe at school . ' 