wayne rooney has revealed how he is developing his own style of captaincy to lead manchester united this season . rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career , but admits that he has had to learn to be his own man after louis van gaal handed him the armband last summer . it appears to have paid off with rooney playing a key role in united’s resurgence under the dutchman . last weekend’s emphatic derby win over manchester city was their sixth premier league victory in a row as van gaal’s side head towards a top-four finish . captain wayne rooney celebrates marouane fellaini 's goal as manchester united beat rivals city on sunday . the united skipper has revealed he is captaining the team ' his own way ' and has to be his own person . rooney and paddy mcnair were inspired to go for a game of golf on wednesday following the masters . ‘ you have to do it your own way , ’ said rooney . ‘ you can obviously look how people have done it before you but i have to be my own person and do what i feel is the best way for me to captain the team . ‘ giggsy wasn’t captain here full-time in my time at united , but the things he’s done have been a big help and still now . there were also leaders like roy keane , gary neville and david beckham . ‘ there was steven gerrard and john terry who were fantastic captains . but you can’t say i want to be like him or i want to be like someone else . ’ rooney was catained by midfielder roy keane ( right ) during his early years at old trafford . the england skipper has also played alongside leaders steven gerrard and john terry for the national side . rooney doesn’t hesitate to tell his team-mates what he thinks , even though his dressing-room speeches tend to be off the cuff . he added : ‘ i didn’t even write anything down for my wedding ! ‘ the team spirit in the dressing-room is fantastic , but there are though obviously times when you have to speak up . rooney insists the team spirit at man united is fantastic but there are times when he needs to speak up . rooney was handed the captain 's armband by manchester united manager louis van gaal last summer . ‘ i did that before the tottenham game because i felt i had to . we had a bad defeat in the fa cup against arsenal and i just wanted to reiterate to the players what our targets were for the remaining games of the season . ‘ the players responded to that and we have had some good results . ’ on wednesday , united confirmed their plans for another summer tour of america where they will again take part in the international champions cup . the other teams include chelsea , barcelona , paris saint-germain and gerrard’s new club la galaxy .