you could be forgiven for thinking it was a perfectly sensible message about personal safety . but a police poster advising women to stick together on a night out provoked anger yesterday , as campaigners claimed it suggested victims were responsible for sex attacks . sussex police was accused of ‘victim-blaming’ in its campaign , which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers . women’s rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims . anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in this sussex police poster arguing it implies that victims are to blame for getting raped . but the poster won praise from supporters who said it was ‘ blindingly obvious’ that it was not blaming women , and that it simply offered ‘ sensible advice’ . it features a picture of two smiling young women posing for a selfie , with the text : ‘ which one of your mates is most vulnerable on a night out ? the one you leave behind . ’ it goes on : ‘ many sexual assaults could be prevented . stick together and don’t let your friend leave with a stranger or go off on their own . ’ but anti-rape campaigners said police should target potential attackers instead , and that the poster sent a message that women needed a constant chaperone . sarah green , acting director of the end violence against women coalition , said she found the advice ‘infuriating’ . she added : ‘ we need to get beyond police campaigns giving instructions to women on how to behave to be safe . we need to talk to those who may perpetrate rape and deter them . ’ campaign : the posters are due to be put up in pub and club toilets as well as bus stops in brighton ( pictured ) as well as other areas of sussex . a pair of police officers watch on as university students gather on the street outside a bar in brighton . fabia bates , of the survivors’ network , said : ‘ sussex police has made great strides to encourage people to report sexual violence and there is the possibility this could damage people’s confidence . ‘ we are here to support anyone who has been the victim and will not judge anyone – it is never the victim’s fault . ’ chief inspector katy woolford said the police had a responsibility to advise potential victims on how to minimise risks . but david davies , a former special constable who is running for re-election as tory mp for monmouth , said he thought the poster offered ‘ common sense advice’ , adding : ‘ i don’t think it’s blaming victims ... it’s like telling people to lock car doors . i would say the same to young men , not to leave their mates behind in what could be a dangerous area because they could get robbed or sexually assaulted . ‘it’s disappointing that some groups don’t realise police are trying to help prevent problems . ‘ no one’s suggesting the attacker doesn’t bear responsibility , the police are simply trying to make sure people are aware of danger and try to avoid it . it’s blindingly obvious . ’ clarence mitchell , who is standing as the tory candidate in brighton pavilion , agreed . ‘i’m quite sure that sussex police in no way intended to imply that women are somehow responsible for any attack , ’ he said . ‘ this is an entirely sensible campaign . ’ sussex police said the posters would be put up at bus stops and in pub and nightclub toilets . chief inspector katy woolford said : ‘ rape is never a victim’s fault , but as with all crimes we can reduce the number of victims in several ways . ‘ it is vital to be aware of vulnerability so that steps can be taken to guard against it . ’ in 2012 west mercia police were forced to apologise for posters for its safe night out initiative suggesting rape victims were to blame if they were drunk . manchester police were praised by anti-rape groups for their 2014 christmas anti-rape campaign which carried the strapline : ' drinking is not a crime . rape is ' . .  