if there 's someone who is n't scared to show her colourful side in these times of taupe and elephant breathe , it is celebrated interior designer abigail ahern . now the best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible , aptly named colour . ' the ability of colour to transfrom surroundings , to excite , inspire , tantalise and calm , is second to none ! ' enthuses ahern , who says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ' squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday . abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ' the most beautiful and complex i’ve ever seen ' . ahern says of this miami home : ' inspired by a natural palette – silvery greys , driftwood taupes , watery greens and storm cloud greys – it’s what you might call glammed-up neutrals . i adore ! ' the designer says : ' i assure you white hallways would n't have the same effect ! ' so her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige , stop procrastinating and be bold with colour . the inspirational photographs in the book , which ahern describes as displaying a ' virtuosic talent of colour ' , come from homes across the world . but if recreating these stylish spaces seems an overwhelming task , in an extract from her new book , here are the designer 's top ten tips to colour confidence . ' you don’t have to overdose on colour to take your pad to the next level . layer on texture instead , ' says ahern of this look . ' the soft gold kitchen cabinets in jean-louis deniot’s parisian pad ( opposite ) left me speechless . to master the metallic look , bear in mind that there is a fine line between adding pieces that instantly brighten a room and going overboard so that your space begins to feel like a nightclub , ' says ahern . 1 . start by picking a colour for your biggest room – say your living room or kitchen . choose a hue that feels beautiful and inspiring , and true to what you love . build on this to create a limited palette of colours for your entire home , using different combinations of those colours in each room . 2 . use an existing feature in your pad to inspire the basis of your colour scheme . this could be a view from the window , a work of art or any favourite item you own . 3 . think about what you want from your home to communicate to the outside world . no one will be talking about your beige-on-beige home , so go a little crazy . be reckless , i say ! the more your confidence grows , the more you’ll feel like experimenting with colour . 4 . be brave ! to start with , decorating with colour can seem like a daunting task . colour behaves differently according to where you put it . the effect changes again once you add lighting , pattern , texture and greenery into the mix . i think this is why people favour whites over any other colour group , as they distort less when other elements are thrown into the mix . however , to me , this is a bit like decorating by numbers . too easy ! bold hues , on the other hand , make everything on display feel grander , cooler , more intense , with beautiful undertones subtly changing in the daylight . you’ll never look back ! left : ' subvert expectations with a fresh take on a classic combo , ' says ahern of this black and white corner . ahern advises , ' painting a room out in a dark hue automatically makes it feel cosy , den-like and snug ' . 5 . remember , there are no no-nos . well almost none . pastels are one grouping i never want to work with . but then plop me in miami and i’m sure i’d be instantly seduced ! 6 . use colour in unexpected places . behind closed doors , inside kitchen cupboards , bedroom wardrobes , the loo – all those tucked away places that surprise the minute you enter . 7 . remember the small stuff . introduce colour through cushions , vases , bowls , fruit , greenery – you name it . there should be splashes everywhere for your eye to alight on ! an inky palette with a shot of warm yellow is a marriage made in heaven . the yellow warms up the darker hue , ahern says . ' to avoid your scheme looking and feeling dull , adding oodles of texture and the odd pop of colour ' . 8 . all colour schemes are improved by accents : the final touches of colour that add an element of surprise , and bring rooms to life . there are no fixed rules when it comes to choosing these ; just take care with the amount of colour you use and where you use it . as fab as that bright orange might look on a pillow , it may not feel quite so amazing on four walls because the impact will be so much stronger . 9 . patterns provide necessary punctuation ; don’t neglect them . they anchor a space like nothing else i know . 10 . create the illusion of space by blurring the boundaries between walls and ceilings . paint them all out the same colour and suddenly you’ve made your space a zillion times bigger . promise ! ' clever finishing touches , like this whimsical wallpaper , revitalise rooms , ' she says . the interior designer abigail ahern ( left ) has written a new book about colourful style ethos ( right ) . colour by abigail ahern ( quadrille , £20 ) .