the bbc has refused to hand over the emails of a deceased woman to her grieving husband , who believes they will prove she was ‘bullied’ by the corporation’s management towards the end of her life . mother-of-two marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked for seven years at the bbc’s financial centre in cardiff as a contracts manager , but according to her husband paul , she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000 . whistleblower : marie csaszar died after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour . her widower has had a request for her work emails , which he believes will show she was being bullied by bosses , refused by the bbc . legal experts described the case as ‘ highly unusual’ , but predicted that it could be followed by similar claims as digital documents such as emails and social media posts play an increasingly important part in people’s lives . facebook users in the us have the chance to designate a ‘ legacy contact’ who can take over parts of their account after their death . mr csaszar says he believes the bbc failed in its duty of care to his late wife , and the treatment she received from management affected her health . he asked the bbc under the data protection act for copies of his wife’s emails , in the hope they will provide evidence of her ‘appalling’ treatment by the corporation , which he has spent months pursuing . however , he was told last month by the bbc that under the act , personal data is defined as only ‘ data which relates to a living individual’ . despite mr csaszar being his wife’s legal next of kin , an email from the bbc – seen by the mail on sunday – read : ‘ unfortunately as your wife has sadly passed away it is not possible for you to exercise the right to access her personal data under the data protection act . ’ mr csaszar said his wife gave evidence to the bbc’s 2013 respect at work review that was set up to look into sexism and bullying following the jimmy savile scandal . he said it was her evidence which led the chairwoman , dinah rose qc , to conclude some senior corporation staff were viewed as ‘untouchable’ . details of the individuals who were the subject of mr csaszar’s complaint can not be published for legal reasons but they involve at least one senior manager on a six-figure salary . last night , self-employed businessman mr csaszar , 48 , said : ‘ marie was being hammered from one side to the other towards the end of her life . nobody stood up and objected . locked out : the bbc has refused to hand over the work emails of marie csaszar to her widower paul . ‘ the treatment which marie experienced at the hands of the bbc affected her recovery . she was constantly upset and left in tears , saying , “ i don’t know what i’ve done to deserve being treated like this . ” ‘ they didn’t want marie on the staff because she knew too much about what had gone on . ‘ she would refuse to sign off certain contracts because they didn’t show value for money , but they were signed off anyway . this caused her a great deal of stress . ’ mrs csaszar underwent intensive treatment for her cancer over several years , which left her suffering with epilepsy . however , she continued to work in her £50,000-a-year post , and raised serious concerns that could have saved licence-fee payers’ money , her husband claims . in a formal grievance procedure with the bbc in 2013 , mrs csaszar raised a complaint about the closure of a cash office run by an outside contractor . she was advised by the bbc’s legal department that the corporation was not liable under its contract to pay any money towards redundancy for staff employed by the contractors . but she told her husband that about £35,000 was paid out anyway . mr csaszar says he is desperate to see emails referring to his wife and how she was treated following her whistleblowing . he contacted the information commissioner’s office , only to be told that the release of the documents was ‘ at the discretion’ of the bbc . mr csaszar has raised his request with the bbc trust , the corporation’s watchdog , and is considering legal action . a bbc spokesman said : ‘ we were very sorry to hear of ms csaszar’s death . a thorough investigation was carried out into her complaint and the outcome was provided to her in july 2013 . we have provided this response to her husband . ms csaszar then attended work from october 2013 to may 2014 and did not raise a further appeal to her complaint . ’ 