everything they say about the maldives is true . the sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as soft as flour . the air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension . the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty . and then , just as we start our descent to the little resort of niyama , in the dhaalu atoll , a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé , two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef . sand as soft as flour and cerulean sea : penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives . at the jetty , smiling staff give us cool towels and whisk us to our new home for a week - a superlative beachfront studio where a huge , modern sitting room looks out on to an infinity pool , a strip of brilliant white sand and that ridiculously blue sea . look the other way and stepping stones lead through green foliage to a table and chairs while to one side is an outside shower surrounded by banana plants . frankly , the place is bigger than my flat . it 's hardly surprising the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years . you could easily spend much of your time getting all hot , bothered and arduous in the splendour of your well-appointed villa . but there is much more to do than gaze at sumptuousness . obviously , with miles of sea to play in , you can swim , snorkel , canoe , scuba dive and sail . there is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf , shooting , tennis or whatever . essentially , though , you 're here to relax . the days unwind quietly for penny , with snorkelling , visits to the spa and walks around the island . we take a boat about a third of a mile offshore to the sensational music venue subsix , which is six metres ( 20ft ) under the sea . as the sun sets , we have cocktails at edge , the restaurant above . light spills on to the man-made coral reef . stars dapple the night sky . a slight breeze ruffles the balmy air . ' it 's like the set of a bond film , ' says my rapt companion . ' we need someone stroking a white cat to say , `` here 's your mojito , mr bond . i expect you to die . of happiness . '' ' edge 's executive chef ( an aussie named geoff clark ) serves up exquisite food . i 've never had an amuse bouche which amused the bouche so thoroughly . basil mousse , coconut caviar and a salmon square . i could have eaten the plate . eleven hours later , it 's off along the sandy paths to breakfast . wow . the selection is amazing , from miso soup and curry to steamed vegetables , rice pudding and fruit . a sailing trip on a dhoni , an old maldivian boat ( left ) is the icing on the cake . even the fruit bats are happy ( right ) . actually , i 'm not going to mention the food any more . suffice to say that not only will you not starve or suffer from lack of variety , you will eat some of the most gorgeous food you 've ever tasted . meanwhile , some of us need a massage . you 'd be hard pushed to find a more beautiful spa than the lime spa . there 's driftwood and teakwood , white stepping stones and crystal clear water with floating glass globes , surrounded by lush foliage . fruit bats hang upside down in the trees , cuckoos gently coo and a sweet reef shark bimbles along in the shallows as the sea tickles the shore . in the evening , we walk along the beach to the rooftop fahrenheit bar and have a green coconut . below , tiny lights sparkle in the pool while above is a canopy of stars . bimble away : a reef shark is one of the many creatures penny encounters during her stay in the maldives . clusters of paper lanterns light our way home . the days unwind quietly . we go snorkelling with judith hannak , the resident marine biologist . there are myriad coloured fish and also groupers and black tipped reef sharks . but the revelation is the beauty of the giant clams - bright blue , red , green and yellow ones . stunning . ' the different colours are down to the salts and the algae , ' she tells us . at dinner that night in tribal , we sit with our feet in the sand , our way lit by candles and sconces . there 's a full moon and the water gently thripples the shore . can it get much better ? yes , it can . yoosuf , our butler , comes to tell us that we can go out for a sail with captain shihan on a dhoni , an old maldivian boat with a spacious bedroom , which is beautifully appointed with dark wood and a thatched roof . we lounge on a giant orange beanbag at the front and watch dolphins frolic and flying fish fly as the sun sets and the champagne bottle goes down . the next morning , it 's all over . we fly back to malé and westward home . why do holidays have to end ? itc luxury travel ( 01244 355 527 ) offers seven nights ' half board at niyama from £2,385pp based on two adults sharing a beach studio , including return flights and transfers . valid for travel completed between april 13 and september 19 , 2015 .