pictures of the australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in china have emerged . the man , ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 . sherrif has already been sentenced to death , according to the abc . australian man ibrahim jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in china . they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice . it is believed sherrif’s sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison . jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence . the young man arrived in australia from sierra leone with his mother , three sisters and brother eight years ago . australian citizen bengali sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death after he and queensland man ibrahim jalloh were arrested at guangzhou airport ( pictured ) in june 2014 . daily mail australia contacted the department of foreign affairs and trade , but it did not comment on the alleged case . ' a number of australians are currently facing narcotics-related charges in china , ' a spokeswoman said . ' all are either under investigation or awaiting trial or verdicts . for privacy reasons , we will not disclose details of individual cases . ' the arrests were mentioned in a melbourne court last week where three men face trial , accused of being embroiled in a drug ring importing drugs to australia from china . queensland men sam komba , 20 , and foday kamara , 29 , both face one charge of conspiring to import a controlled substance , according to abc . the two australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice ( stock picture ) . melbourne man wedi bembo is charged with the same offence . he also faces an additional charge over an alleged heroin importation in 2013 . jalloh’s brother chiwto told the court that the accused had travelled to china in the belief he was picking up passports allegedly under the orders of sam bembo , according to abc . chiwto reportedly said their mother was devastated when she received a call to say ibrahim had instead been arrested for drug trafficking . komba , kamar and bembo’s trials will be held in october . komba , kamar and bembo’s trials will be held in october . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .