manchester united have fought all season to try to secure a return to the champions league , but six players shown the exit door at old trafford are in the competition 's final four . last season's disastrous campaign under david moyes saw united miss out on europe 's premier competition for the first time in 19 years , with patrice evra and javier hernandez members of the failing squad . but those two - plus cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique - have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition . javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico . he is on loan from manchester united . patrice evra was part of david moyes ' failing side last season but he now plays for italian side juventus . hernandez and ronaldo combined for real madrid 's winner against atletico madrid on wednesday night , with the former only on loan and deemed surplus to requirements by louis van gaal who has instead relied on misfiring radamel falcao . meanwhile , tevez was leading the line for juventus , with evra at left back , in their 0-0 draw against monaco that won a place in the last four . pogba is out with a thigh injury but could return in the time for the semi-finals next month . finally , pique is enjoying one of the best seasons of his career at centre back for barcelona and helped keep out paris saint-germain 's fearsome attack that featured zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani on tuesday night . cristiano ronaldo has gone from strength to strength since leaving united and is in the last four once again . carlos tevez went to manchester city between his stints with united and juventus , who beat monaco . whatever happens in the semi-finals , there will be at least one former old trafford representative at the champions league final in berlin 's olympic stadium on may 6 . united are on course for a return to europe 's top table next season , with their position inside the barclays premier league 's top four looking fairly safe ahead of liverpool who sit eight points behind . but for now , the champions league semi-finals are the home of their former players , rather than their current ones . gerard pique spent time at united between two spells with barcelona , and he is in the semi-finals with them . paul pogba was released by the old trafford club after spending his youth there and plays for juve now .