waiting times to be seen in a & e have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years , official figures revealed this morning . in the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day . over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 – the worst on record since 2004 . over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . the figures also show that 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a & e , and 983 over 12 hours . it is now 89 weeks since hospital a & es met their waiting targets . nhs england figures show that 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending march 29 . this was down on the previous week when 93.2 per cent were seen within the time limit . it comes after the department of health last week confirmed the nhs has failed to meet its target every week of the winter , meaning the average for the whole year has not been met . labour 's shadow health secretary andy burnham said the government was the blame for the nhs 's failure . david cameron has overseen a record hump in waiting times to be seen in a & e , official figures revealed this morning . labour leader ed miliband , arriving at an election campaign event in bristol this morning , has promised to bin the government 's nhs reforms . health secretary jeremy hunt has promised to give nhs chiefs ' whatever they need ' after the election . mr hunt claimed a conservative government would find whatever money the health service said it needed to cope with the growing pressure on hospitals and gp surgeries . the nhs 's chief executive simon stevens has said the health service needs an extra £8billion a year by 2020 just to keep standards as they are . mr hunt today vowed to find the cash – but went further by claiming that the government would find even more cash if they health service needed it . he told bbc radio 4 's the world at one : ' we will back the nhs 's own plan in full , so we agree with the £30 billion gap , and we agree with the nhs when they say that if they can make £22 billion of efficiency savings the nhs would need £8 billion . ' but they also said in that plan very clearly that they might need less than £8 billion if they can make more efficiency savings , or they might need more than £8 billion if they ca n't make those efficiency savings . ' he added : ' we will give whatever they need , it might be more than £8 billion , it might be less , but the point is you can only have this discussion if you have a strong and growing economy . ' ' over the course of this parliament , on the back of a strong and growing economy , we have actually increased funding for the nhs by £5 billion in real terms every year . ' he said : ' after five years of david cameron , a & e waits are at their worst level for a decade and patients are finding it harder and harder to see a gp . ' there 's only one person to blame for the a & e crisis and that 's david cameron . he has made it harder to get a gp appointment , cut council social care budgets and wasted £3billion on a reorganisation that nobody wanted and nobody voted for . ' labour leader ed miliband , campaigning in bristol this morning , said one of the reasons behind the problems in a & e was that the coalition policy has led to 600 fewer gp surgeries staying open at evenings and weekends . he said : ' we 've just seen figures today published for waiting times in england 's a & e departments which show that the first three months of this year was the worst period since the four-hour a & e target was introduced over a decade ago . ' one of the reasons for that is it 's got a lot harder to see a gp . across england there are some 600 fewer gp surgeries open in the evenings and at weekends than there were at the last general election . one in four people ca n't get a gp appointment within a week . ' the nhs can not go forward if queues to see your gp are stretching backwards and i believe that britain can do a lot better than people waiting day after day for basic healthcare . that 's what our plan will do . ' but a conservative spokesperson said nhs a & es were struggling because more and more patients were turning up at hospital to be treated . he said : ' a & e units across the uk faced unprecedented demand this winter , but english a & es see 3,000 more patients a day within four hours than in 2009 , and perform better than scotland , northern ireland and labour-run wales , so it is completely wrong for labour to try to turn this into a political football . ' thanks to a strong and growing economy we are investing £2 billion in the frontline next year to transform care in the community and take the pressure off hospitals . ' labour has been accused of ‘hypocrisy’ and using out-of-date figures after claiming the coalition has made it harder to get a gp appointment . ed miliband said there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries staying open at evenings and weekends than before the next election . he said this was a direct contributor to problems in england’s a & e departments , which has seen the nhs breach the target to see 95 per cent of within four hours of arrival for the 26th week in a row . the labour party has put the nhs at the centre of its campaign for re-election , releasing a poster today dubbed ' the doctor ca n't see you now ' , as labour claim almost 600 fewer gp surgeries are offering extended opening hours to patients . but the tories pointed out that the gp figures dated from 2013/14 – and did not include improvements in gp access since david cameron pumped more money into the nhs last year . jeremy hunt , the health secretary , pointed out that tony blair’s botched gp contract of 2004 has allowed gps to opt out of responsibility for their patients out of hours . and liberal democrat leader nick clegg said it was a ‘ bit rich’ of labour to complain of funding cuts when they wasted so much nhs money in power . a string of medical leaders came out to say labour’s claims on gp surgeries were simply wrong . labour’s health spokesman andy burnham wants to re-introduce a target to ensure everyone can see their gp within 48 hours of trying to get an appointment . but in an embarrassment for the party , the labour-run welsh government said it had no plans to introduce such a target in the principality . it came after the party launched a poster declaring the ‘ tories have made it harder to see a gp’ . the poster reworks the conservatives’ 1979 ‘ labour is n't working’ image by depicting a huge queue outside a waiting room with the title : ‘ the doctor ca n't see you now . ’ but mr hunt said the claim there are 590 fewer surgeries was ‘wrong’ , saying that the figures quoted only go up to 2013/14 . he said the prime minister 's challenge fund – announced last year – covered 1,100 practices and helped 7.5 million patients see gps in the evenings and at weekends .