ed balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the tories ' election pledge to increase nhs spending by £8billion a year . the shadow chancellor said he would not make ' unfunded and uncosted commitments ' after promising to cut the deficit every year . it comes after david cameron pledged to give the nhs whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find the money . scroll down for video . ed balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the tories ' election pledge to increase nhs spending by £8billion a year . speaking on the bbc this morning , ahead of labour 's manifesto launch in manchester , mr balls insisted the party could be trusted to give the health service what it needed . but asked if he would give the nhs the £8billion a year budget boost demanded by its chief executive simon stevens , mr balls said : ' i wo n't promise £8billion of spending . ' he said : ' we 're not going to make unfunded and uncosted commitments . the tories said at the weekend they 'll find the £8billion . ' george osborne was asked 18 times by andrew marr where money is coming from and he could n't answer the question . that is what corrodes trust in politics . ' mr balls added : ' i 'll save the nhs but i 'm not going to make promises until we can show where the money will come from – that 's the irresponsible approach . it 's actually become the george osborne approach . ' we 'll cut the deficit every year and the only promises we can make are promises where we can show where the money is going to come from . ' and clearly we need to make the economy stronger ; we need the revenues to come in . i want , consistent with getting the deficit down , to do more for the nhs . ' but if i roll up and say '£8billion , i 'm not going to tell you where the money is going to come from , ' that would be irresponsible and that is what the tories did this weekend . '  david cameron has pledged to increase spending by £8billion a year by 2020 - which labour has refused to match . pressed if labour would deny the nhs the cash it needs , mr balls said : ' i said last year that we will do what it takes . ' mr balls ' remarks come as the labour leader ed miiband prepares to unveil the party 's manifesto in manchester this morning . mr miliband will say he wants to be prime minister to build a ' fairer , more equal , more just country ... that works for working people once again ' . the manifesto will outline everything which a labour government would do , from schools and hospitals , to crime , pensions , benefits and the environment . it includes a promise to cap energy prices , cut class sizes , offer more free childcare , increase the minimum wage , ban most zero-hours contracts , build more homes and find an extra £2.5billion for the nhs . it will rule out a rise in vat , national insurance or the basic rate of income tax . but it will also promise to cut spending of every government department apart from health and education , scrapping winter fuel payments for wealthy pensioners , capping rises in child benefit , a mansion tax on £2million homes , a levy on tobacco firms and an increase the top rate of tax to 50p . explaining the party 's commitments this morning , mr balls said : ' by the end of parliament we want to get the budget back into surplus or earlier if we can . '