they have a reputation as rather brutish creatures who chomped their way through huge hunks of meat , but it seems neanderthals may actually have been the first masterchefs . new research is suggesting that these extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food . scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain . neanderthals ( represented in the drawing above ) may have been the world 's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet , according to a new scientific paper . at first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory . dr sabrina krief , a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris , and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable . neanderthals may have cooked stews in the skins of animals , according to some anthropologists . animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks . this suggests that fat and meat had instead been cooked off the bones . a study of tooth plaque from the teeth of fossilised neanderthal remains also suggest that they may have heated grains of barley . however , there is no evidence that neanderthals had any pots or pans to cook with . instead professor john speth , an archaeologist at the university of michigan , believes that they used animal paunches and folded bark to make bags that they could boil their good in . a study of plaque found on neanderthal teeth like the one above suggests they ate grains like barley . they have found that wild chimpanzees in uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught . they say neanderthals could also used herbs to improve their culinary creations in the same way . there is already evidence that they cooked their food and may even have created stews in the skins of animals . writing in the journal antiquity , dr krief and her colleagues said : ' data on neanderthal behaviour suggest that their subsistence and technological strategies were complex . ' neanderthals have long been portrayed as a rather primitive form of human that died out as they were unable to compete with the more sophisticated modern humans that arrived in europe and asia from africa . however , recent discoveries have shown that they may actually have had a complex culture - capable of making stone tools and even jewellery . three years ago researchers at the university of barcelona examined ten teeth from the remains of five neanderthals found in el sidron , northern spain . in the dental plaque of one young adult they discovered three compounds that occur naturally in yarrow and camomile . dr karen hardy and her team , who conducted that work , suggested that these plants had been used to help ward off illness or treat a diease . yarrow for example has been used in the past to treat fever and to stem bleeding . however it was also a popular vegetable in the 17th century , while the leaves can also be dried and used as a herb . it is said to produce a pungent odour while having a slightly sweet and peppery taste that has been described as similar to spinach . camomile was also a popular treatment for inflammation , hayfever and stomach problems , but is still used to today to flavour foods in top restaurants . neither of the plants have much nutritional value but both convey strong flavours . dr krief and her team found that separate groups of chimpanzees at budongo forest reserve and kibale national park ate plants while chewing meat . new archaeological discoveries are expanding our knowledge of how neanderthals lived in ways that could not have been imagined when their fossilised remains , like the skeleton above , were first found by archaeologists . celebrity chef gordon ramsay has become well known for his subtle use of flavours that contrasts with his rather brutish approach in the kitchen , but it seems he could also have learned some tips from neanderthals . neanderthals , like the one shown above , may well have been the world 's first gourmet chefs , findings suggest . they reason that if this was for medicinal purposes , different animals would eat different plants depending on their ailments . however , the animals in each group all tended to eat the same plants with their meat , suggesting they were eating them for flavour instead . dr krief said that previous work has dismissed the idea that neanderthals were eating herbs to flavour food based on the assumption that their tastes were very basic . however , she says that if chimpanzees use plants to flavour their food , then it is entirely possible that neanderthals also used herbs and spices . writing in antiquity , the researchers said : ' the strong , bitter taste of the leaves may modify the flavour of the viscera , muscles , organs or water . ' in a french cookbook , a recipe proposes cooking a blanquette of veal with camomile . ' the bitter taste of the cooked plant does not necessarily disappear completely ; camomile , for example , remains bitter when infused . ' the presence of cooked carbohydrates , esters , phenols , pyrene and florathene in calculus samples from el sidron supports the hypothesis that neanderthals were cooking plant food and perhaps smoking food , confirming that they were able to practice different food-processing techniques . ' it is suggested that , among other cooking methods , roasting , heating or even potentially boiling to make soup , stew or stock might have been used by neanderthals . ' such a variety of practices , combined with the fact that the samples from el sidr´on reveal the presence of smoke-related compounds , show that neanderthals were using food processing at least as complex as flavouring food with plant material . ' other recent discoveries are starting to reveal what culinary creatures the neanderthals were . camomile is well known as a herb that can produce some interesting flavours for dishes and was eaten by neanderthals according to recent research on dental plaque that had hardened onto fossiled teeth . yarrow is a hardy plant but its leaves can be used as a herb known for its sweet flavour and bitter aftertaste . research presented at the paleoanthropology society annual meeting this week suggests they tended to eat horses , deer and bovids rather than larger game like mammoths . according to new scientist , geoff smith , from the monrepos archaeological research centre in germany , said they also seemed to have sucked out the fatty marrow from bones . there is also some evidence from neanderthal sites in gibralter that suggests they also liked nuts and wild olives . analysis of fossilised neanderthal faeces has also revealed that while they ate meat , they also had a ' significant intake of plants ' . dr simon underdown , an anthropologist at oxford brookes university , said : ' this paper reminds us that the neanderthals were complicated and sophisticated humans . ' while the data from dental calculus might be evidence for medicinal plants this new research highlights a number of alternative explanations ; the most intriguing of which is the use of food flavourings . ' the comparison with chimps must be used carefully as they are a very different animal but the complex array of behaviours seen in world chimps gives us even more to marvel at when we think about what the neanderthals were capable of . ' neanderthals first emerged around 280,000 years ago , spreading to inhabit much of europe and parts of asia , but they eventually died out 40,000 years ago . the reason for their demise was often put down to being a more primative species of human that was unable to compete against the more sophisticated homo sapiens . they were depicted as thuggish cavemen that scraped an existence on the cold lands of ice age europe . however , a series of discoveries are now putting neanderthals into a new light . stone tools discovered at sites they inhabited suggest they were skilled tool makers with adept hand eye coordination . a 60,000-year-old multi-purpose bone tool unearthed in france also suggests neanderthals understood how to use bones to make useful devices . a recent discovery by researchers at the muséum national d'histories naturelle in paris suggests that neanderthals may have built homes using the materials they found around them . they discovered a 26 feet wide building created 44,000 years ago from mammoth bones . many of the bones had also been decorated carvings and ochre pigments . cross-hatched engravings found inside gorham 's cave in gibraltar are also thought to be the first known examples of neanderthal rock art . dna analysis has also shown that neanderthals carried the same genes that are thought to have enabled modern humans to speak . eight talons found at a 130,000 year old neanderthal site in krapina in croatia are also thought to be the world 's first jewellery , and may have been worn as a necklace . the traditional image of neanderthals as primitive creatures like above is no longer holding up to evidence .