a lack of iron , especially in women , is known to trigger hair loss , possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle , but should you take iron pills to treat it ? ‘ this is a bit of a moot point , ’ says dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss . ‘ there is published evidence for and against it . all i can say is that in my practice i see lots of girls with low ferritin levels [ stored iron rather than iron in your blood ] , who shed hair and stop shedding once you correct the ferritin level . ’ meal : eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , as hair consists of protein , experts say . sally-ann tarver , a former president of the trichological society now based at the cotswold trichology centre , recommends florisene pills ( £15.95 , lambertshealthcare.co.uk ) , which contain iron , because these don’t seem to cause the digestive irritation linked to standard pills . but professor andrew messenger , a consultant dermatologist at the royal hallamshire hospital in sheffield , says that while there are many supplements claiming to help promote hair growth , very few have strong evidence to support them . two years ago , a clinical trial looked into the efficacy of the supplement viviscal ( £29.99 , boots ) . the study involved 63 women : 33 took the supplement , 30 a placebo . after six months , the hairs in those taking the supplement had increased in width by an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group , which were unchanged . however , professor messenger remains unconvinced . ‘ as far as i am aware , this study has not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal and did not appear to look at other parameters , such as hair density , ’ he says . ‘ whether a 7 per cent increase in hair diameter can be reliably measured is doubtful , as is whether it is clinically significant . ’ research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements . it might be worth checking your protein intake . as philip kingsley , a trichologist , explains : ‘ hair consists of protein , so eating sufficient protein is vital to strong , healthy hair . ’ he suggests having protein at every meal . a good diet including protein is certainly important , says dr jolliffe . she points to the fact that those with anorexia or a very low bmi suffer from hair loss . ‘ however , i am not sure i can justify saying you need to eat protein at every meal , ’ she says . there is some evidence that an amino acid ( or protein building block ) called l-lysine may play a role in hair loss . a review published in the journal of clinical and experimental dermatology found that women with increased hair-shedding responded well to l-lysine and iron supplements ( l-lysine is thought to help the body to absorb iron ) . l-lysine is found in particularly large concentrations in poultry and fish , but it is also in smaller amounts in soy and eggs . however , supplements or dietary changes won’t pay dividends overnight . ‘ it usually takes more than two months for the hair follicles to begin to benefit from dietary changes and as hair only grows half an inch a month , it may take as long as six months before you begin to notice any changes , ’ says philip kingsley . ‘ but stick with it because perseverance pays off . ’ the caffeine in alpecin caffeine liquid hair energiser ( £7.49 for 200ml , from chemists ) is said to stimulate weakened hair roots . but does it work ? professor andrew messenger says that a study published last year shows caffeine can stimulate human hair growth in vitro , ie in a test tube . there have also been studies showing caffeine is absorbed quickly through hair follicles , suggesting it could be active when used in a shampoo formulation . what is lacking is good clinical trial data showing an effect in vivo , ie in people , he says . ‘ interestingly , minoxidil , which does prevent hair loss in men , has no effect on hairs growing in a test tube , but does in vivo . ’