the most popular cities in the world are often instantly recognisable thanks to their world-famous landmarks . but what would these cities look like if they did not have their prized attractions ? that 's what one studio asked its designers , and the images it received back were certainly illuminating . scroll down for video . without the 324m-high eiffel tower in paris , the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark , which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night . the iconic tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital . the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 , and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-élysées . the imposing monument celebrates france 's military glories and also its military heroes - tourists can climb up tot the roof for beautiful views of paris . virtual studio designcrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before . nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high eiffel tower in their creations . the startling absence of the giant tower left the landscape feeling bare and flat , although it did allow for views from the trocadéro gardens , through to the champ de mars . more missing features in paris included the impressive arc de triomphe . instead of leading to the famous centrepiece , the multiple surrounding roads meet at a bare , round circle . without the statue of liberty to draw boats of tourists , liberty island looks forlorn and barren . all that remains of the island is the paved stone where the iconic colossal neoclassical sculpture stood . the statue of liberty draws boats of tourists every day , but without the iconic lady , liberty island looks nothing special . siena cathedral is a medieval church in siena , italy that has been around since 1215 . its spires and towers peek over the city . the river thames looks just like any other river with the elegant tower bridge stretching across the waterway . the iconic tower bridge is featured in nearly every london tourist shop and often mistakenly referred to by visitors as london bridge . designers imaged what london would look like without its most photographed clocktower and westminster palace . the palace of westminster is more commonly known as the houses of parliament , with both the house of commons and house of lords based in the gothic-style waterfront building . london 's attractions draw millions of tourists every year , but there would be a lot less photographs taken in the city if big ben was not a feature on the skyline . it is said to be the most photographed clock in the world , and would not be easy to remove , sitting at over 13 tons . the sunset skyline looks empty without the impressive architecture of the palace of westminster . the banks of river yamuna , in agra , look desolate with the majestic presence of the taj mahal . the taj mahal is a striking white marble mausoleum in agra , and brings millions of tourists to the surrounding area . a certain holy presence is missing from the skyline of rio de janeiro , making the normally instantly-recognisable city a little more mysterious . christ the redeemer overlooks all the goings on in rio , and makes the city instantly recognisable . the sydney harbour stands out due to its uniquely designed opera house , which resembles the sails of a ship , without it the skyline looks like any other cluster of skyscrapers . the beautiful monastery carved out of red rock in petra , jordan , was originally part of a nabataean . the rose-red petra is jordan 's most prized tourist attraction , and hopefully , being a unesco world heritage site , will never disappear . machu picchu was only rediscovered by western travellers in 1911 , leading to the site being excavated and becoming a tourist attraction . the ruins at the inca settlement of machu picchu in peru have made the area a bucket list favourite . niagara falls without the falls is a dry , barren hole , and would not attract the 12 million annual visitors it does today . on the border of the us and canada , niagara falls is actually made up of three separate waterfalls . the designs also featured landmarks outside of typical city backdrops . without the tumbling 51-metre-high niagara falls , the area left behind would not pull the 12 million annual visitors that it sees every year . while the andes are an incredible sight by themselves , iconic pictures with the ruins at the incan settlement of machu picchu , have made the area a bucket list favourite . standing at 68m , the obelisk of buenos aires would be missed from the urban landscape behind if it were removed . the four face sculptures of late presidents on mount rushmore have vanished , leaving behind just another normal rockface . mount rushmore would be unrecognisable without the presidential presence which has been in place since the carvings were completed between 1934 and 1939 . 