it is not just humans who are concerned about the privacy implications of drones . an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show . watch the video here . look out ! an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . ' on the morning of friday , april 10 , 2015 , the chimpanzees of royal burgers ' zoo once again proved how intelligent they are , ' a spokesman for the zoo said . the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo . programme makers had hoped to use the drone to capture the enclosure from above . ' today , for the second season of the national television program burgers ' zoo natuurlijk , film takes were planned with a drone , with which spectacular images of the animals and their habitats could be made from above . ' the drone was able to fly around the zoo - before arriving at the chimp enclosure . ' once the drone arrived at the chimpanzee quarters the intelligent primates immediately discovered the spying little plane and right away armed themselves with long sticks against this inquisitive electronic intruder , ' the zaoo revealed . one of the chimpanzees was high up in a tree with a long branch . ' apparently very calm and satisfied , half asleep in the morning sun , the primate let the drone make its curious images . ' until ... .. the drone got just a bit too close . once grounded , the chimp investigates its prey , taking a selfie in the process - before eventually wandering off . ' like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body . with a direct hit the animal knocked the drone to the ground , where the group of primates quickly overpowered the ' prey ' . ' with much enjoyment they very efficiently dismantled the play thing . ' during the entire moment of action the camera kept rolling , so despite the completely destroyed drone this still provided some very special images ! ' the zoo did not confirm if it was able to salvage the drone .  