the bbc faced angry criticism for giving an election platform to ‘ mini russell brand’ gareth shoulder ( above ) who mocked david cameron over his disabled son . the bbc faced angry criticism last night for giving an election platform to a ‘ mini russell brand’ who has mocked david cameron over his disabled son . self-styled ‘ angry leftie revolutionary and magician’ gareth shoulder , from liverpool , has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its ‘ generation 2015 election youth panel’ . shoulder , 24 , who is a big fan of brand and regularly messages the comedian on social media , used his ‘ @ bbcgen2015’ twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy . after mr cameron spoke movingly in the first leaders tv election debate about the nhs care given to ivan , shoulder sneered : ‘ a new record for cameron… 34 minutes before he pulls out the ivan card and pretends he cares about our nhs . ’ shoulder also said that , in the debate , the prime minister had ‘ really annoyed’ him and made him want to tear politicians ‘ a new one’ – a shorthand reference to an extremely offensive phrase . following thursday’s tv election debate , shoulder then imagined the three female party leaders taking part – snp’s nicola sturgeon , plaid cymru’s leanne woods and the green party’s natalie bennett – to be the subjects of a lewd parlour game , tweeting : ‘ bennett , sturgeon , woods . **** , marry , avoid . ’ he also called chancellor osborne a ‘ briefcase w****r’ . the bbc says it ‘hand-picked’ its 200-strong generation 2015 youth panel to ‘ address fundamental questions about the relationship between uk young adults and democracy’ . the 24-year-old used his ‘ @ bbcgen2015’ twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy . mr cameron is pictured with his wife samantha and children , ivan , nancy and elwen , near his oxfordshire home in 2009 . last night tory mp andrew bridgen said : ‘ it is disgraceful that the bbc should give a platform to someone to spew such left-wing bile . ’ mr shoulder said : ‘ speak to the bbc , ’ and refused to comment further . a bbc spokesman said that mr shoulder was speaking in his own capacity , not as a representative of the bbc .