a woman has been jailed for using her stiletto heel to inflict permanent injuries on a stranger during an unprovoked attack in a nightclub toilet . shannon carter , 21 , repeatedly struck 20-year-old amelia gledhill with the shoe after a row broke out between their friends on a night out in bradford . ms gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight . shannon carter , 21 ( pictured ) has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking amelia gledhill , 20 , ( pictured right ) with a stiletto during a night out . ms gledhill still has a scar above her right eye . she has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone . during the case at bradford crown court , the court was told how there had been a confrontation between one of carter 's friends and a friend of victim in a bar in bradford city centre earlier in the evening . the court heard how miss gledhill and her friend then saw carter in nv night club . despite miss gledhill having nothing to do with the argument , carter then followed the victim into the toilets , where she carried out the ' unprovoked ' attack . as well as sustaining an injury just above her right eye , ms gledhill also suffered a deep wound to her arm , the court heard . the victim was given stitches at bradford royal infirmary . she also had to return to the hospital on a number of occasions for further treatment , the court heard . she was also left with bruises , a permanent scar and with blurred vision in her right eye . the attack took place in nv nightclub ( pictured ) during a night out in bradford city centre . there had been an earlier confrontation between one of carter 's friends and a friend of the victim . the court heard she also had to take time off work and became too afraid to go out , without being accompanied by her boyfriend . carter , from east bowling , bradford , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . for the defence , simon hustler said carter had nursed her grandmother , looked after her grandfather and was also a carer for her mother . he added that the attack was an isolated incident and that she had committed no further offences . he also told the court that there was evidence of a mental disorder . sentencing her to three-and-a-half years in jail , judge david hatton qc said carter had caused the victim permanent scarring and other psychological consequences . the judge said : ' this is a tragic case , revealing the frequent danger and consequence of excessive drinking ; tragic , not least because i am satisfied that it was out of character . ' but he added that it was a serious offence which could only be dealt with by an immediate custodial sentence . judge hatton said : ' i judge your risk of reoffending not to be high . i take account of the fact that any sentence of imprisonment will be in itself a considerable punishment . ' he added : ' i derive no pleasure whatever from imposing a sentence of imprisonment on a young woman in your position but i would be failing in my public duty if i did not do so . ' after the case , detective constable glen doran , of bradford district cid , said : ' this was a particularly nasty and unprovoked assault which left the victim with permanent injuries . ' such incidents will not be tolerated in bradford district , and i hope the sentence handed down today will serve as a warning to others . '