successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling leicester city 's premier league survival bid and manager nigel pearson said his side 's fate is back in their own hands . late goals from robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against west bromwich albion on saturday , a week after andy king 's late goal secured a 2-1 win against west ham united . the foxes had look buried two weeks ago , seven points adrift of the relative safety of 17th place , but are now just three points behind hull city , the side immediately above the relegation trapdoor . jamie vardy scored an late winner against west brom on saturday to improve leicester 's chances of survival . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the game at the hawthorns . robert huth nodded home with 10 minutes left on the clock to help his side launch an emphatic comeback . foxes boss nigel pearson ( left ) believes premier league survival is still firmly placed in his side 's hands . crucially leicester , who have discovered an attacking potency with eight goals in three games , have a game in hand over their survival rivals and play five of their final seven fixtures at home . ' one thing we 've spoken about recently is we want to keep ( our fate ) in our own hands for as long as possible , ' pearson told the bbc . ' while it 's in our own hands you know that the responsibility is solely with ourselves . in many ways that 's the driving force for us but we 've still got an awful lot to do . ' it 's more congested ( at the bottom of the table ) but because of the gap there has been for such a long time we do n't have any chances of getting away with a disappointing result . leicester 's esteban cambiasso opened the scoring against west ham with a spectacular effort last saturday . however the foxes were instantly punished when west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate netted immediately . but andy king ( left ) was the hero as the premier league strugglers struck late on at the king power stadium . ' we 've got to try and force the issue between now and the end of the season . ' leicester have been rooted to the foot of the table since november but are slowly building much-needed momentum as the battle to avoid the drop intensifies . ' i hope ( we 've got momentum ) . back-to-back wins are difficult to achieve , especially for a side like ourselves who have been struggling for vast parts of the season in terms of results , ' he said . ' it 's going to be tough but we 'll give it a good shot . ' leicester have a relatively manageable run-in and play host to swansea city in their next game on saturday . 