brendan rodgers has come out fighting after suffering wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead liverpool next season . another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to aston villa but rodgers said : ' i do n't think there is anyone better . that is the reality of how i see it . three months ago i was a tactical genius . now i have lost a game and it is not so good . ' i have got a strong relationship with the owners and they understand that this was going to be the process . i have n't taken over a machine that was for 10 years used to winning trophies . ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . steven gerrard ( left ) trains alongside jordan henderson , who signed a new liverpool contract on thursday . adam lallana ( left ) was back in training for liverpool as they prepare to take on west brom . henderson ( left ) shakes hands with captain gerrard on the day he signed a new liverpool contract . liverpool have been putting in the hard yards on the melwood training pitch in a bid to ensure they hit back from their fa cup nightmare when they take on west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . rodgers leads his side to the hawthorns after watching them wilt on the big stage against aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley last weekend , crashing out of the cup with a 2-1 defeat and a toothless display . the reds welcome adam lallana back to the fold for the game against tony pulis ' team while jordan henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club . he shook hands with steven gerrard at training on thursday as the changing of the guard at liverpool draws closer . henderson is expected to take gerrard 's captain 's armband on a permanent basis when the iconic no 8 departs for los angeles galaxy when his contract expires at the end of the season . liverpool are fifth in the premier league table , seven points behind manchester city in fourth but with a game in hand on last year 's champions . jordon ibe ( left ) and joe allen compete for the ball during liverpool 's training session on thursday . philippe coutinho ( right ) tries to keep the ball away from gerrard as they prepare for west brom . raheem sterling puts in a shift as liverpool aim to hit back from fa cup defeat by aston villa . striker mario balotelli is one of a number of players whose future at liverpool is in doubt past this season . champions league qualification remains unlikely and rodgers is expected to conduct an overhaul of his squad in the summer , with question marks over the futures of players such as mario balotelli , kolo toure , fabio borini and rickie lambert . liverpool 's recruitment policy has fallen under intense scrutiny following the semi-final defeat to by villa but rodgers ' position as manager at the club is understood to be secure .