mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities , according to a report in nation 's restaurant news . but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand . new venture : mexican restaurant chipotle has decided to tap into the $ 70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers ' doors . chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given postmates the green light , new york daily news reports . the app hires independent contractors who drive their own cars in a similar model to uber taxis . chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants . republican contender marco rubio is a regular in the outlets and recently told mailonline that he always tips staff . cashing on delivery market : the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . and just one day into her presidential campaign , hillary clinton was seen in a chipotle in maumee , ohio where she ordered a chicken dish with guacamole , a chicken salad and fruit juice . chipotle is not the only franchise hoping to cash in on the lucrative delivery market . starbucks , which will deliver cups of coffee in parts of seattle and new york by the end of the year , has also partnered with postmates . taco bell recently announced plans to test a delivery service this year , mcdonald 's ' mcdelivery ' program is in the planning process and burger king has launched a pilot program in select markets , including parts of new york city , through bkdelivers.com . celebrity customers : hillary clinton was spotted ordering a meal at chipotle in ohio earlier this month - one day into her presidential campaign . another candidate : security camera footage obtained by conservative news publication ij review released online this month shows florida senator marco rubio visiting a washington , d.c. chipotle .