dramatic bodycam footage of an officer shooting dead a man with a history of mental illness after he pointed a gun at him earlier this month as been released . the video shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett on april 11 . barnett , 25. then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does.warning : graphic content . bodycam footage released this week shows a police officer in sand springs , oklahoma , fatally shooting a man . the bodycam footage shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett , 25 . the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost . it was recovered but the audio was not . deputy chief of police mike carter played the video at a news conference on tuesday , tulsa world reported . the camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost . it was forensically recovered , but the audio from the bodycam was not , fox 23 reported . carter said : ' we are faced with making decisions that other people normally are not faced with making . ' this officer had to make one of those decisions that day . ' by this video , i think it very clearly shows he made a good decision . ' he made the decision he had to make . ' do n't ever confuse that with a decision that we want to make . ' he said he believes the shooting was justified . barnett shot four times . officers in sand springs have been wearing bodycams for the past seven years and the early april incident was the first officer-involved shooting in 17 years in the town . allen , a vietnam veteran , was shooting a gun in his backyard when police were called , according to news on 6 . his wife told police he was a paranoid schizophrenic and had been off his medication for a year . deputy chief carter added : ' mr allen is a victim . ' he 's a victim of mental illness , he 's a victim of the system . ' this was a tragic incident . ' it 's something we hope we are never placed in the position of happening again . ' all the recordings have been turned over to the tulsa county district attorney 's office . barnett remains on administrative leave pending an investigation by the tulsa county da . deputy chief mike carter said : ' it 's something we hope we are never placed in the position of happening again ' . 