the ethnic minority population in britain will more than double by the middle of this century , meaning one in four britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051 , research shows . the huge rise will be due to a baby boom among pakistani , bangladeshi , and african immigrants who usually come to this country during their young , child bearing years . campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs , and worsen the quality of life in britain as a whole . a baby boom among ethnic minorities in the uk will see numbers rocket by the middle of the century , according to new data , with a quarter of britons coming from a minority background by 2051 . the research , carried out by leeds university and reported in the times , shows that overall , between 2011 and 2051 , the uk 's population will rise from 63.4 million to 77.4 million . while the number of white britons will increase over that time , by almost three million , the minority population will increase more than three times faster , by 10 million . by the midpoint of the 21st century , minority ethnic communities will make up 24.3 per cent of the total population , compared with 12.8 per cent during the 2011 census . in contrast the proportion of whites will drop from 87.2 per cent in 2011 to 75.7 per cent in 2015 . the sudden rise in the ethnic minority population marks an increase on predictions from the same university just five years ago . in an almost identical study , published in july 2010 , professors at leeds university predicted that ethnic minorities would make up around a fifth of the total population by 2051 . in the same study they also predicted that british society would become much more integrated , with those from ethnic minorities moving into more affluent areas . professor philip rees , who led the project , said : ' the ethnic makeup of uk 's population is evolving significantly . ' groups outside the white british majority are increasing in size and share , not just in the areas of initial migration , but throughout the country and our projections suggest that this trend is set to continue through to 2051 . while the white british population will increase between now and 2051 , the minority population will increase nearly three times as fast , meaning they will make up a greater share of the population . ' at a regional level , ethnic minorities will shift out of deprived inner city areas to more affluent areas , which echoes the way white groups have migrated in the past . ' in particular black and asian populations in the least deprived local authorities will increase significantly . ' the new research is likely to cause anxiety for those pushing for greater control of british borders , including an in-out referendum on the eu , or a renegotiation of the open borders treaty . while the conservatives pledged at the last election to cut net migration from ' the hundreds of thousands to tens of thousands ' , it now stands at just under 300,000 per year . while cameron has promised a renegotiation of eu laws if reelected , followed by a referendum , the tory manifesto only contains an ' ambition ' to cut current migration . while ed miliband has admitted that tony blair 's labour government made mistakes on immigration , he has also failed to commit to targets , though he has insisted that all new migrants should be able to speak english . education secretary nicky morgan also announced yesterday that her department is conducting a review into the pressures that migrants put on schools . that echoes the concerns of researchers such as david coleman , professor of demography at oxford university , who said : ' money of the consequences of large-scale migration are damaging . ' we do not need up to 13 million more people by the mid century . almost all that increase will be immigrants and their children . it will not make the uk a happier or richer place . ' crowding and congestion will have entirely negative effects , increasing pressure on schools , hospitals and particularly housing . '