a prolific gang of thieves who carried out early morning raids on multi-million pound mansions to steal cash , jewellery and luxury cars have been jailed for a total of 17 years . mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ' like a job , a profession , ' raiding houses in affluent west london , herfordshire and surrey . over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash worth £1million , often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking . sayed juied , 32 , and sadek miah , 31 , were jailed for six years each after admitting to raiding 21 muti-million pound homes in west london , hertfordshire and surrey . the gang were undeterred by security systems , officers said , instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding . if they found that valuables were locked in a safe inside , they would simply cut the safe out , before cracking it open later . officers first began hunting the group in july last year after a raid on a £2.6million house in somerset road , wimbledon , next door to the lawn tennis association . mohammed alam , 26 , was give five years . police said the gang treated robbery as ' a profession ' , surveying properties before they struck . the raiders smashed in a back window before ransacking the property , taking keys to a £30,000 porsche cayenne and a £20,000 mini cooper , along with £13,000 of jewellery and electrical items . the house was so badly damaged the owners also had to foot a £13,000 repair bill . a week later the gang struck two neighbouring homesin putney , including one £4.6million house , taking jewellery worth £38,700 , and a porsche cayenne worth £75,000 . continuing their all-night burglary spree , they hit another putney home where they stole a personalised ferrari worth £280,000 , a matching cayenne worth £130,000 , and a painting worth nearly £50,000 . jewellery worth £8,600 was taken along with £1,400 in foreign notes was taken from a house in kingston hill during another raid in july . in another burglary in kingston hill last july , the back patio doors were forced open while the homeowners were away and the alarm system was smashed . jewellery worth £8,600 was taken along with £1,400 in foreign currency . three homes in arthur road , wimbledon , were targeted between december 2013 and july last year , with damage caused to front doors and property worth £500 taken during one raid . police tracked the trio after staff at the all england club , home to the wimbledon tennis championships , caught their car on cctv . they passed the details to the metropolitan police , who found that the car had been rented by alam , 26 , from unxbridge , who had used his real name . that in turn led them to juied , 32 , and miah , 31 , both from maida vale , west london . when police arrested the trio they found multiple google searches on their computers on how to disable alarm systems and cctv , and how to crack open safes . the gang took cars , cash , jewellery , electricals and paintings worth a total of £1million over the course of 11 months . among their haul were two porche cayennes ( pictured ) worth a total of £205,000 . during one raid at a £2.6million opposite the all england lawn tennis association in wimbledon , the raiders made off with a £20,000 mini cooper ( pictured ) along with a porsche , cash and jewels . the gang admitted conspiring to commit the burglaries , and were jailed for a total of 17 years at kingston crown court on wednesday . alam was given five years behind bars , while juied and miah were both given six-year prison terms . detective sergeant dan mitchell , from merton burglary team , said : ' they would conduct reconnaissance on big detached houses in really affluent neighbourhoods and then break in . ' they were quite an unusual team , they were not deterred at all by cctv and alarm systems , that 's how they thought somewhere was a worthwhile target . ' they would smash the alarm box as soon as they got in . they would go straight for the safe and try and take the whole safe out , the main thing they wanted was cash . ' they were treating it as a job , a profession . they 're the most professional team i have worked on . '