residents living near the new setting for benefits street have been left outraged by housing bosses who they say have given it a makeover to impress new visitors . kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in birmingham 's james turner street . the programme follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion with many accusing producers of promoting ' poverty tourism ' . workmen have been seen on kingston road in stockton , the setting for the newest series of benefits street . angry neighbours claim housing bosses have ordered the makeover in anticipation of the show 's release . filming has finished in stockton , with the new series set to air in the coming weeks . but local people claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area , by giving it a makeover before the programme is aired . residents have slammed the face lift saying the estate - owned by local housing group thirteen group - will look ' completely different ' to anyone who visits after watching the show . 'it’s normally quite a grotty street . the front gardens were filled with all sorts of rubbish . one house had a balcony with a sofa on it . ' there were bikes just lying in the street left there by children , ' said mike swift , who lives nearby . the housing association said the works had been planned well in advance and were nothing to do with the programme . a young resident is filmed by channel 4 as part of the show . viewers were split in opinion last series , with many accusing producers of promoting ' poverty tourism ' . another of the residents in kingston road . local people said the street was normally ' quite grotty ' . a local councillor said the council had tried to thwart the programme from filming in stockton . among the residents taking part in the new series is dorothy ' doris ' taylor who has n't worked for 20 years . ' when it comes on tv next month the actual street will look completely different . it’s almost as if they know they’re going to get people coming and looking . ' they were annoyed when it came out channel 4 were filming there , worried it was portrayed as a bad area . ' stockton-on-tees council and thirteen group have denied the works were planned with the release of benefits street in mind . a spokesman for the local authority said it had been scheduled in advance , adding the council had done ' everything ' to thwart the controversial series being filmed in stockton . ' we did everything in our power to persuade the producers of benefits street to turn their attentions elsewhere . sadly , you can’t win them all . ' lots of people agreed with us that this is not a good thing for the borough . ' a spokesperson for thirteen group who own the houses and are in charge of the developments said : ' the ongoing investment in our properties is planned well in advance and any inference that the filming of any tv programme could influence this is completely untrue . ' among the residents who took part last year was white dee . upon the launch of channel 4 's benefits street , the nation was split in two . many considered the programme an insightful glimpse into some of life 's struggles and encompassing of some of britain 's biggest problems . others criticised producers for , they said , making objects of their subjects . among them was deidre kelly , better known as white dee . the mother-of-two was the standout star of the first series and one of the central figures in james turner street . since finding stardom on the show dee has appeared in a string of others including celebrity big brother . she was also invited to speak on a fringe panel at the conservative party conference last year . but while dee found fame and fortune in taking part ( she no longer claims from the state , a spokesman has insisted ) , others were disheartened by channel 4 's portrayal of their lives . some claimed they were told the programme would focus on multiculturalism claiming they only learned of its angle after agreeing to take part . among critics of the show is john hening , 64 , a retired chartered engineer who has lived on kingston road for 40 years . he accused channel 4 of not caring about residents ' needs , putting them behind ratings . 