whilst overseas backpackers visiting sydney beaches are often told to go back to where they came from , sutherland council is instead exploring the idea of allowing them to camp right on the beach . according to the sydney morning herald , the council have voted to explore the possibility of allowing campervans to park at allocated locations with ' high tourist appeal , ' in order to deter travellers from bypassing our most beautiful beaches . among these locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach , both in southern sydney , as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation , many tourists were neglecting these areas altogether . the sutherland shire council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area . many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . this motion was proposed by councillor steve simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area . on average , seasoned travellers spend $ 700 on eating out and shopping during a stay . many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . although most are well-behaved , their bad reputation stems from those who act in a disorderly manner during their stay . ' we want people to come to our country , we want them to visit us , but in many cases it is as long as you do n't come in my street and do n't come in my area , ' he said . this motion was proposed by councillor steve simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring . some locals believe it can not be done without rezoning open park areas due to rising land values in cronulla . ' i want them to spend money and go to restaurants . ' according to mr simpson , a short-stay camping site close to the beach would encourage seasoned travellers , retirees and various campervan users to the areas . he believes this would also solve the current issue of younger visitors parking their vans illegally on the streets . ' if you put people in areas that are well-maintained , and they can go there at a reasonable cost , it takes away that problem of being harassed in streets , and people knocking on their windows , ' he said . sutherland mayor kent johns is keen to attract more tourists but keep away those who act in an unwelcome manner . this proposal aims to solve the current issue of younger visitors parking their vans illegally on the streets . mayor kent johns is keen to attract more tourists but keep away those who act in an unwelcome manner . president of the cronulla chamber of commerce , mark aprilovic , disagrees with mr simpson 's vision . ' where can you put them and how can do you do this without offending the local people ? ' said mr aprilovic . others believe that this feat can not be done due to rising land values in cronulla . ' there is only one hope near cronulla and that is to rezone open park areas in front of the green hills land estate , ' the owner of cronulla beach youth hostel michael keogh said . mr keogh is often asked by young backpackers if they can sleep in their vans and still use his facilities and he always declines .  