the baby who died in poldark 's emotional season finale last night is a true survivor in real-life , having beaten the odds to live after she was born prematurely . little matilda fitt - who played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama - was born to 34-year-old hannah fitt nine weeks early in their home town of barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz . matilda , now 21 months old , won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital , where she was treated for pneumonia . scroll down for video . little matilda fitt ( left ) - who played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama ( right ) - was born nine weeks early in barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz . matilda was chosen to play to julie , who in the tv show died from putrid throat , because of her small size . now mrs fitt has revealed how watching the scene brought tears to her eyes . ' it was very emotional seeing it because of what we’ve been through , ' she said . ' matilda was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests since birth . she had a lot of breathing difficulties and pneumonia . ' but last september she was finally discharged from hospital consultant care and a few weeks later she won the part of julia . ' mrs fitt took matilda for the filming in cornwall last year to meet stars aiden turner and eleanor tomlison . matilda was chosen to play to julie , who in the tv show died from putrid throat , because of her small size . matilda , now 21 months old , lives with her mother hannah , 34 , ( left ) and dad matthew , 33 , ( right ) . ' the cast were all great with her and aiden turner is as lovely as everyone says , ' she said . ' all the cast were - especially eleanor . she’s a very special person , extremely down to earth and just lovely - she was great with matilda . ' some scenes were tricky to nail because baby julia is supposed to be really poorly and we knew matilda did have to die on camera . ' as you can imagine , getting a 15-month-old to play dead was no easy feat but she coped really well . ' in one scene she is lying on a bed fully made-up and the doctor is mopping her brow . but i was there with sweets to make sure she was happy . ' matilda was on set for five days and even had her own trailer . ' as you can imagine , getting a 15-month-old to play dead was no easy feat but she coped really well , ' said mrs fitt , pictured on set with matilda . millions tuned in to watch the series finale yesterday evening , and were shocked by the death of ross and demalza’s baby daughter . julia caught putrid throat from her mother , who contracted it after the disease broke out among the people of trenwith . matilda , who lives with her mum and dad matthew fitt , 33 , was cast as the older of two young children who played julia . matilda , pictured , won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital , where she was treated for pneumonia . matilda was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests for months after her birth , and her mother said watching the poldark death scene brought tears to her eyes . ' we want everyone to know that in real life julie - or matilda - is very well and doing fine , ' her mother said , describing her daughter as ' a little star ' . mrs fitt , who works for the safe foundation helping disadvantaged people , said : ' it was only a few weeks after she was released from hospital care that my sister-in-law saw the casting call for a baby girl . ' we decided to put her forward . soon after that she was accepted and we were told only minimal information . all i knew is that it was filming for a bbc production . ' we spent five days filming . matilda was a bit of a diva occasionally but she always came around with some bribery of toys and books . ' she even had her own trailer and a rider of green grapes . but we want everyone to know that in real life julie - or matilda - is very well and doing fine . she is a little star . '