jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ' white 'college-boy ... khaki-pants types ' who were ' easy to intimidate ' . a disgraced ex-police officer testifying against his drug squad colleagues acknowledged on tuesday that he stole drug money , planted evidence and lied on police paperwork too many times to count . jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ' white college-boy , ... khaki-pants types ' who were ' easy to intimidate ' . that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial . the witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $ 80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence . walker , 46 , said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good . squad leader thomas liciardello , the lead defendant , ' produced big jobs , a lot of arrests , ' he said . ' they liked that , as far as the bosses and supervisors were concerned . it made them look good . it was nothing but a dog and pony show . that 's all it is , ' walker said . liciardello , he said , always got a cut of the money stolen or skimmed from drug suspects , while the others split the ' jobs ' they worked , walker said . he said he first stole money as a uniformed patrolman when he chased a dealer into a house and spotted a large bag of cash on top of the refrigerator . ' i never saw that much money . i was a young kid , ' walker told jurors . ' i took some money , put it in my jacket pocket . ' defense lawyers have attacked walker 's credibility and will no doubt point out on cross-examination the times he admits acting alone , even before he joined the elite undercover drug unit . he also said he developed a drinking problem and became forgetful . walker joined the department at about 20 and had nearly 24 years in when he was arrested in an fbi sting last year . before then , he had refused to cooperate when the fbi asked him to speak to them about the unit . but he changed course after being caught in the sting , accused of stealing $ 15,000 and planting drugs in someone 's car . he has been in custody for nearly a year and hopes to avoid a life sentence through his testimony . walker said he once worked out of the same undercover squad car with liciardello and brian reynolds but was turned out by those work friends as he went through a divorce , weight loss surgery and other personal problems . more than 160 drug convictions have been overturned since walker pleaded guilty , and scores of civil-rights lawsuits are pending against walker and the defendants . defendant , philadelphia police department drug squad leader thomas liciardello ( pictured ) always got a cut of the money stolen or skimmed from drug suspects , walker told jurors on tuesday .