a russian biker gang , which vladimir putin describes as his ' friends ' , has camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride . polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves , with leaders calling their plans to ride through poland en route to commemorations of world war ii a ' provocation ' . the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland . scroll down for video . stopped : a belarussian border guard checks the passport of a member of russia 's pro-putin night wolves motorcycle club at a border crossing with poland near brest . links : vladimir putin rides a harley davidson trike next to night wolves leader alexander zaldostanov in the black sea port of novorossiysk , in 2011 . ' friends ' : vladimir putin , centre , poses for a picture with members of the night wolves gang in 2011 . they were allowed to go on by belarusian guards but they were then held in a hangar by polish officials . poland is extremely critical of russian actions in ukraine , and is disturbed that the night wolves has rallied against the ukrainian government and celebrated russia 's annexation of crimea . border guard spokesman dariusz sienicki said : ' these people will not cross into poland . each of them will individually receive a decision denying them entry into poland 's territory ' . some russian bikers had been seen entering poland earlier but they appeared to belong to another organisation whose members are allowed to enter . stubborn : a belarus ' border guard stands in front of members of the russian night wolves motorcycle club at a border crossing with poland near brest yesterday . bond : polish bikers welcome a russian biker who just crossed into poland at the border crossing with belarus . some russian bikers who are not members of the night wolves have been allowed to enter . many poles view the night wolves with suspicion because the pro-putin bikers have rallied against the ukrainian government and celebrated russia 's annexation of crimea . members of the night wolves rode down en masse to ukraine 's crimea peninsula just after it was annexed by russia in march 2014 , and members have also fought with pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine . the german government has also expressed unease at the bikers and said they would not be welcome . ' this is not a normal bike club . they are tools in the hand of vladimir putin to make propaganda , ' said tomasz czuwara , spokesman for the open dialog foundation , a polish group that supports ukraine . president : the night wolves leader alexander zaldostanov , known as the surgeon , leads a procession of bikers out of moscow as they started the memorial run on saturday . a flag bearing the image of stalin is seen as night wolves bikers gather in moscow ahead of the memorial run . many poles view the night wolves with suspicion because the pro-putin bikers have rallied against the ukrainian government and celebrated russia 's annexation of crimea . not all poles are against them , however . the head of a polish bikers ' group , wiktor wegrzyn , called the polish opposition to the bikers 'anti-russia hysteria ' . he and dozens of other polish bikers gathered on the polish side of the border monday to greet and escort the night wolves in case they should make it through . the night wolves want to travel across eastern europe to honour the red army soldiers who died in the allied defeat of hitler 's germany , visiting their graves and other war sites . their aim was to arrive in berlin for ceremonies marking the 70th anniversary of the end of world war ii on may 8 . they left moscow on saturday with tattooed leader alexander zaldostanov leading a column of bikers waving red flags with portraits of stalin and the wartime slogan ' for the motherland ! for stalin ! ' out of the gang 's clubhouse . russia 's foreign ministry said it was ' indignant about the refusal of polish authorities ' , and accused warsaw of lying about the real reasons it was barring the bikers . members of the night wolves motorcycle club lay flowers to the mount of glory memorial complex in the village of sloboda , some 25 kilometers east of minsk , to honour soviet soldiers of wwii . a night wolves biker gives a st. georges ribbon to a belarussian military academy cadet at mount of glory monument on the outskirts of minsk , belarus yesterday . the night wolves are closely linked to president vladimir putin , who has joined the bikers several times at rallies , riding a harley-davidson trike , and called them his ' friends . ' the gang 's leader , zaldostanov , 52 , nicknamed ' the surgeon ' due to his former profession , told journalists on saturday : ' we wo n't change our plans or our route . ' ' if they do n't let us all come in together , then we will enter one by one , using numerous different entry points , ' he added . ' if we give up on this rally , then we would have to give up on everything else : may 9 ( victory day holiday in russia ) … our history and all our values , ' he said . but many of the bikers said they had been unable to get visas for europe 's schengen zone . zaldostanov said his passport is still at an embassy in moscow , not specifying which one , and that he did not yet know if he would get the necessary visa for the trip . the bikers intend to visit war graves and war memorials in the countries they pass through . they also plan to stop at the former auschwitz-birkenau death camp , built by the nazis in occupied poland and liberated by soviet forces . night wolves bikers arrive at mount of glory monument on the outskirts of minsk , belarus , yesterday . ' i do n't know what they 're afraid of . we are not harming anyone , we are just honouring the memory of those who fell to destroy fascism , ' said alexei magister , the president of a biker club linked to the night wolves . ' we 're not afraid of the welcome we 'll get in berlin . our grandfathers were n't afraid ! ' said alexei vereshchyagin , a biker who was taking a break from fighting ukrainian forces in the pro-russian separatist hub of lugansk . the night wolves biker group was founded in 1989 , just before the fall of the ussr , and has around 5,000 members across the former soviet union .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .