police have dramatically arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving . the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the bermagui to tathra road in the bega valley , on the far south coast of nsw , just after 8.30pm on wednesday . but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him . scroll down for video . a police officer grabs the man who had been on the run over night after a woman 's body had been found in his car . ' show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man . the man meekly does as he is told before being taken away by police . ' show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man . the man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle . he was then taken away in a police van . detective superintendent peter o’brien said he could not yet release the name of the victim . however , it has been confirmed police are investigating whether the body is that of missing canberra woman daniella d’addario , 35 . ms d’addario was reported missing by concerned family members on monday after disappearing along with her boyfriend josaia ( joey ) vosikata , 27 . daniella d’addario ( right ) was reported missing on monday along with her boyfriend josaia ( joey ) vosikata ( left ) . the couple were believed to have been staying in the bermagui area after last being seen on sunday . detective acting sergeant jason taylor previously described her car saying : ‘ they may have been travelling in daniella’s car which was a silver or light blue hyundai getz . ’ her vehicle’s act registration is yef19m . ms d’addario was a teacher at canberra high school in 2009 and her former students have begun commenting about her disappearance on facebook . one wrote : ' this is too sad . ' another added : ' i saw her at kmart not long ago . ' police have not yet identified the woman 's body but are investigating whether it could missing canberra woman daniella d’addario . on thursday morning nsw police confirmed : ‘ a crime scene has been established at the car , and a perimeter has been set up as police search for the man . ‘ investigations into the incident are continuing . initial investigations suggest the man and woman were known to each other . ’ police said they are hoping to speak with a man who may be able to assist with inquiries . he is described as being of pacific islander/maori appearance , in his late 20s , with an athletic build . he was last seen wearing dark clothing . ‘ police advise members of the public who see the man or know his whereabouts not to approach him , but to contact triple 0 immediately , ’ a statement said . 