the son of gerry anderson , the brains behind the original thunderbirds , has criticised the computer-generated remake for lacking the ' magic ' of the classic show . jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ' lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world . however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images to create an entirely new look . original : gerry anderson , co-creator of thunderbirds , with star puppets parker and lady penelope . remake : in the updated version , the ' lovingly detailed ' puppets are replaced by computer-generated images . writing for the sunday telegraph , mr anderson , whose father died aged 83 in december 2012 , said : ' the classic thunderbirds shows have sometimes attracted fond criticism as `` quaint '' , `` naff '' and `` full of wobbly sets '' . ' but there is something to be said for real-world physics , the constraints they bring to film-making , and the ingenuity and beauty that results as we grapple with them . ' with cgi , by contrast , anything is possible . there are virtually no limitations . impossible camera angles and effects can be achieved , and constraints get ever looser . ' he added : ' i 'm very fond of puppets , physical models and practical effects – real explosions rather than computer-generated ones . ' there is something utterly magical about seeing a puppet come to life under the skilled operation of talented puppeteers . ' sadly for fans old and new alike , that 's not going to be possible with the new series . ' iconic : gerry anderson with a model of thunderbird 1 - his son jamie has criticised the new cgi characters . quest : as with the original show , the remake will feature the tracy family whose mission is to save the world . thunderbirds aired in the uk between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . there were 32 episodes over two series , broadcast in 66 countries . the show sparked a merchandising frenzy , with more than 3,000 thunderbirds products sold , so much so that december 1966 was labelled thunderbirds christmas . as with the original show , the remake will feature the adventures of the tracy family whose mission is to save the world through their secret organisation international rescue . the five brothers , all named after real astronauts on america 's mercury space mission in the early 1960s ( scott , virgil , alan , gordon and john ) , all live on tracy island in the south pacific in 2065 . when they hear of trouble anywhere on the planet their swimming pool slides open to allow a rocket ( thunderbird 1 ) to take off . there is also an aircraft carrier , submarine and spaceship based on the island . the original show was made on a factory estate in slough , berkshire , on a shoestring budget . the iconic children 's classic aired in the uk between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . jamie anderson , son of gerry , said there was something ' utterly magical ' about seeing a puppet come to life . the updated version of the iconic show is not the first attempt at a remake . thunderbirds , a 2004 working title film with real actors ( including ben kingsley as arch-villain the hood ) , was a dismal flop , losing almost £20 million at the box office . even gerry anderson , the show 's co-creator , called it ' the biggest load of c**p ' he had seen . the original show was made on a factory estate in slough , berkshire , on a modest budget , but the new production team spans the globe . peter jackson 's animation workshop weta in new zealand made the 26 episodes ( a further 26 are already commissioned ) using a mixture of live action and computer graphics . rosamund pike , the gone girl star , will voice lady penelope in the new show and 89-year-old david graham has returned to voice her driver , parker . he has dropped his chauffeur uniform and now sports a roll-neck sweater . he also has a clipped indian accent . the new version kicks off on today at 5pm on itv with a double episode , before moving to an 8am slot on the same day .