an alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an alabama park in early april . pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip , the man 's brother , chris wilson , told wwlp . mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water . scroll down for video . remembered : pooch mavis was reportedly attacked and consumed by an alligator earlier this month . missed : mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch at the time of the alligator 's attack . the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials , wwlp reported . according to the television station , mavis was from mobile 's midtown section and viewed as a ' neighborhood dog . ' local resident nicole lavirriere told the television station ' mavis was a lot like my dog . ' ' i think she 's like the norm of `` cheers , '' she was the - you know , mavis - everybody knew her name , ' she told wwlp , laughing . she also told the news station ' she had regular houses that she went to get treats from . ' she knew how to pretty much open up our back door and come in when she wanted to . ' missed : nicole lavirriere , who knew mavis , is seen comforting a young girl after the dog 's death . incident : the alligator struck at the arlington park boat launch , pictured . ' there 's definitely a loss not seeing her out and about in the front yards of all the neighbors walking around , and greeting people . ' lavirriere was filmed holding a young girl crying , and told her ' stop , you 're going to make me cry . ' arlington park attendee jayme corry said in an interview with wwlp ' we see small [ alligators ] , maybe two or three foot . ' ' it definitely makes me scared , ' he said . earlier this month at florida 's lake ida , an alligator attacked a german short hair dog which later died from its wounds , the orlando sentinel reported . on its website , the university of florida warns ' it 's very important to keep children and pets away from the water 's edge wherever alligators are likely to be present . do not allow dogs to swim or explore waters that are known to have alligators because dogs look like prey to alligators . '  