jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle united into a ‘boring’ club and has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money . his words are sure to resonate with supporters who boycotted sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to spurs – a sixth straight loss which equals their worst-ever run in the premier league . before the game fans gathered outside the gallowgate end and were united in choruses of ‘we’re rich but our team is s***’ and ‘where’s the money gone ? ’ in protest at ashley’s running of the club , which this month returned record profits of £18.7million and later revealed they have £34m sat in the bank . mike ashley has been accused of making newcastle a ' boring ' club because he only wants to make money . carragher , too , is alarmed at what has become of newcastle . ‘ i can understand why fans are frustrated , ’ said the sportsmail columnist in his punditry role on sky sports . ‘it’s getting to the stage now , football is so big and there’s that much money coming in to the game with the new tv deal , i am sick of owners coming in who are successful business people wherever they’ve been . they think “ where else can i make money ? oh a football club” . ‘i’ve had it at my own club liverpool with george gillett and tom hicks and it’s the same at newcastle . jamie carragher slammed the chairman and says he 's alarmed at the state newcastle are currently in . ‘ people will say as supporters you’ve got to come back , you’ve got to get behind your team . but what are the owners doing for supporters ? ‘ since mike ashley’s been here they’ve been relegated once and they could be relegated once again . ‘ so he’s balanced the books - he’s made money because he’s a businessman - but i think of these people and wonder , “don’t you want to be excited yourself ? ” . ‘i’m getting bored by newcastle . when you watched them over the years there was madness , there was excitement , stupid goals going in one end and then the other , but it was exciting . ‘ now it’s boring . why does mike ashley want the club if there’s nothing happening ? there’s no cup run , i just don’t get it . i don’t get why he wants to own a football club . ’ meanwhile , former sunderland chairman niall quinn says ashley must try to reconnect with the club’s fans . thousands of fans chose to boycott the tottenham game in protest of mike ashley 's tenure at the club . some fans that did go to st. james ' park showed their disgust in the stadium with banners and posters . there was blocks of empty seats where fans chose not to attend the 3-1 loss to the london side . ‘ i think you’ve got to get the balance right . it’s not just about making money , ’ he said . ‘ early on in his tenure here he was getting criticism and he made his mind up he was doing it his way and he didn’t care what the fans thought . and that is something that just doesn’t work . ‘ sunderland fans will resent me for saying this , but the geordie fans have been through everything with this football club , and for them to stay away and not watch a game of football at this club - that hurts . it tells of the disconnect and it has to be resolved . ‘ to reconnect has to be the best way forward . ’ thousands of posters were created by ashleyout.com and passed around the city prior to the game .