rafael nadal 's bid for a ninth barcelona open title ended in third-round defeat as italian fabio fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4 , 7-6 ( 8-6 ) to move into the quarter-finals . second-seed nadal had easily seen off nicolas almagro in the previous round but found himself in trouble against fognini , who had won in three sets in their previous meeting on the clay of rio earlier this year . and on the same surface in front of nadal 's home crowd , it was fognini who took the opening set 6-4 after a crucial break in the latter stages , though the second set was to prove an even tighter affair . rafael nadal was dumped out of the barcelona open after losing to italian fabio fognini in the third round . in front of a home crowd , the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court . fognini was able to save six break points in the opening game before conceding it to nadal , though neither player really dominated even as the spaniard went 4-2 up . after fognini first fought back to 4-4 , the set eventually went to a tie-break with nadal this time having to work his way back from facing match point at 6-3 to level up . nadal showed his resolve late on but it was fognini who eventually won through 8-6 , with his opponent missing a relatively routine forehand . it was fognini 's first win in his six barcelona appearances but he will now face pablo andujar , who also caused an upset in coming through 6-3 , 6-4 against fifth-seed feliciano lopez . nadal , who was denied his 20th win of the season , cut an extremely disappointed figure after his defeat , going so far as terming it ' a disaster ' . in quotes published on the barcelona open website , the world no 4 said : ' my game was mundane . i did n't have enough power , speed and control in my forehand . i did n't manage to push fognini back . fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4 , 7-6 ( 8-6 ) to move into the quarter-finals of the barcelona open . ' fabio played better and he deserved to win . i did not deserve to win . that 's why i will accept the upcoming challenges . i will work hard until i get back to my best . but it will be a while . ' it 's a very sad day for me . this tournament means a lot to me , it 's one of the best atp 500 events on the tour and i feel at home . ' defending champion kei nishikori had little trouble going past santiago giraldo in straight sets , the 6-2 , 6-1 win coming in just under 90 minutes . nishikori , who had beaten giraldo to win the crown last year , survived several break points to ensure a match-up against roberto bautista agut of spain . spaniard nadal has just one title to his name since winning his 10th french open in june last year . fognini ( pictued ) goes on to face pablo andujar , who also caused an upset against fifth seed feliciano lopez . argentina 's pablo cuevas made a good fist of his third-round match against bautista agut , even stretching the first set to a tie-break , but the seventh seed eventually won 7-6 , ( 7-5 ) 6-2 . david ferrer continued the home presence in the tournament as he fended off swedish wildcard elias ymer 6-3 , 6-4 to set up a clash with philipp kohlschreiber who beat benoit paire 6-4 , 7-6 ( 8-6 ) . martin klizan levelled up his head-to-head record at 1-1 against victor estrella burgos after beating him 6-4 , 6-3 to progress to the quarter-finals . he faces the winner of an all-home encounter involving tommy robredo and marcel granollers . 