for all the problems that david moyes had during his year at manchester united , you would n't associate his teams with defensive frailties and a lack of organisation at set pieces . and since taking over at real sociedad moyes has enhanced his reputation as a manager who brings , if nothing else , solidity . in his 21 la liga games to date sociedad have conceded just 29 times , climbing from the relegation when moyes took over , to an extremely comfortable tenth place . mikel gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away . atletico madrid celebrate after going two goals ahead after just 10 minutes , killing the match as a contest . antoine griezmann ( left ) is congratulated by fernando torres , but did n't celebrate against his former club . atletico madrid : oblak ; gimenez , miranda , siqueira , gamez ; suarez , tiago , koke , turan ( niguez 81 mins ) ; griezmann ( gabi 90 ) , torres ( jimenez 61 ) . subs not used : ansaldi , bernabe , cani , hernandez . goals : gonzalez ( og ) 2 , griezmann 10 . booked : turan . real sociedad : rulli ; gonzalez , elustondo , yuri , zadldua ; bergara , ruben pardo ; zurutuza ( finnbogason 74 ) , canales ( agirretxe 74 ) , xabi prieto ; castro ( granero 81 ) . subs not used : martinez , hervias , estrada , zubikarai . yet , on tuesday night , sociedad showed none of the qualities usually associated with their manager , capitulating inside 10 minutes against the spanish champions . by the time antoine griezmann struck the hosts ' second goal , lifting the ball over the hapless geronimo rulli after the keeper had parried koke 's shot straight to the frenchman , atletico could have been four up , and the game was all but over . arda turan had already seen his volley hit the post after being left totally unmarked from a free kick , before mikel gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past his own keeper after little more than 90 seconds . soon after griezmann narrowly failed to connect with a header after yet more shocking set-piece defending , and the former sociedad man also came close to tricking his way through the visiting defence , only to be denied by a last-ditch tackle . david moyes looks on as his team showed uncharacteristic defensive frailties at the vicente calderon . mario suarez holds off sociedad forward sergio canales as atletico took control and never relinquished it . atletico madrid 's turkish star arda turan , who struck the post early on , takes of gorka elustondo . against a team who had n't conceded a single goal in their previous four games , it was suicidal . in response moyes ' side produced next to nothing . chory castro brought a save from atletico 's slovenia keeper jan oblak which was comfortable enough , while sergio canales swung a leg at a dropping ball from inside the area , only to see it fly well wide . that was about all they managed until a free kick from one-time qpr midfielder estaban granero forced oblak into his first stretching save with three minutes to play . the champions , on the other hand , without looking particularly good , continued to threaten , helped repeatedly by rulli and his defenders , who seemed desperate to offer chances out of nothing . mario suarez was given the freedom of the penalty area from another corner , but could n't make contact with his volley , before rulli misjudged a wayward koke cross , allowing it to land on his crossbar . torres worked hard and offered a foil for the talented griezmann before being replaced after an hour . diego simeone calls for more for his team as they kept their la liga title defense alive . the argentine stopper also flapped at a cross , allowing guilherme siqueira an opportunity from close range , but the full-back saw his shot deflected wide . the win means atletico are only two points behind city rivals and champions league quarter-final opponents real madrid , although carlo ancelotti 's side have a game in hand , and the defence of their title is not yet over . diego simeone was able to rest fernando torres for the final 30 minutes , after the former liverpool and chelsea striker had run hard , without much success , alongside griezmann . his side 's season will be defined in the coming weeks , while moyes ' early successes in sociedad means real 's campaign has already reached a successful conclusion , with survival assured . but his side 's defending will nonetheless have hurt the former manchester united manager .   