prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . a disappointed prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . with the duchess of cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may . harry , who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival , had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign . he was dragging out his return until tonight in the hope of getting to meet the new little prince or princess . but with duchess now several days overdue , harry is being forced to return to australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army , followed by a week long official tour of new zealand . instead he spent time playing doting uncle to his nephew , prince george , who turns two in july , at the cambridge 's apartment at kensington palace . kate and her husband , prince william , had been told to expect their new son or daughter – who will be fourth in line to the throne – by saturday , according to sources . the duchess – whose son , prince george , was also around a week late - herself told well-wishers earlier this year that the new little prince or princess was due ' mid to late april ' . when prince george 's little brother or sister is born the news will be revealed to royal correspondents in a press release followed by an announcement two minutes on the kensington and buckingham palace social media accounts on twitter and instagram . details of their arrival – including their six , birth weight and details of the attending medical staff - will then be posted in the traditional way on an easel outside buckingham palace . scroll down for video . although palace officials have barred media from camping outside the private lindo wing at st mary 's hospital in paddington , where kate is due to give birth , in order to prevent what they describe as a ' media circus ' , excitement was mounting yesterday with royal ' superfans ' continuing their own round-the-clock vigil . the duchess – whose son , prince george , was also around a week late - herself told well-wishers earlier this year that the new little prince or princess was due ' mid to late april ' . harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey ( pictured ) to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign . the mounting tension saw bookmakers ' cash in with a flurry of bets on everything from the time of birth to the new baby 's name – and even their hair and eye colour . prince harry will no doubt be encouraged to see that 4/1 odds are being offered for the baby to be a fellow red head . ladbrokes customers appeared to favour arthur for a boy , with odds collapsing to 8/1 , and alice remaining the hot favourite for a girl with odds of just 5/4 . some were still hankering after diana ( 14/1 ) , in memory of william 's late mother , or even elizabeth in honour of the queen ( 6/1 ) . the firm said one male customer in the manchester area had bet £10,000 on the new baby being a girl , the largest single wager so far received . spokesman , jessica bridge , said : ' as far as the money is concerned they will soon welcome princess alice into the family . ' coral said yesterday that it had seen a slew of bets come in that the baby will arrive today ( monday ) – now 6/1 joint favourite – with odds of 10-1 that the nation is still waiting at the end of the week . many bookmakers are also offering 4/1 odds of the couple welcoming their new child into the world on wednesday – their fourth wedding anniversary . prince william and kate pose with their son prince george at the national history museum in london . preparations have been made outside the lindo wing of the hospital for the huge crowds expected to welcome the royal birth - with the duchess said to be up to four days overdue . as the ' spare to the heir ' , it is unlikely that the duke and duchess 's new baby will accede to the throne – although it is not unheard of . most recently the queen 's own father became king george vi when his elder brother , king edward viii , unexpectedly abdicated over his love for ' unsuitable ' american divorcee wallis simpson . thanks to recent changes in the law of succession , if the new baby is girl then their claim to the throne can not be superseded by a younger brother , should william and kate go on to have a third child . she will also be known as hrh princess ( forename ) of cambridge after the queen altered a century-old ruling in the run up to prince george 's birth which had meant that only the eldest son of a prince of wales ( as well as the children of a monarch and the sons of those children ) was entitled to the honour . the new arrival will also bump prince andrew out of the ' top five ' for the first time . he will drop to sixth in line to the throne . his eldest daughter , princess beatrice , will find herself relegated to seventh – the advantage being that she will no longer require the queen 's approval for her marriage . her younger sister , princess eugenie , will become eighth . if the baby is a girl it will be the first princess of cambridge to be born for 182 years . kate has said in the past that she favours a boy but that her husband rather likes the idea of a girl . grandfather prince charles has said he would like a girl – while his late wife , diana , princess of wales , always longed for a daughter . 