a movie enthusiast has built his very own iron man suit for a heroic price of just £55 . chinese engineering graduate cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother . he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements , it was reported by people 's daily online . the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack . but cheng said he was was too ' chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him . heroic effort : cheng chen poses with the iron man suit he built after six months of painstaking research . it is being modelled here by his nephew because he found he was ' too chubby ' to fit into it himself . the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet , gloves and backpack . cheng , from jiangsu province in eastern china , said : ' i studied electronic engineering at university . ' because i have always been single , i have a lot of time in my hands . the idea of constructing an iron man armour then came to mind . ' i love the movie . even my brother , now in year 6 , loves it . my initial idea was to make one for my little brother . ' he was driven to start his research when his younger brother begged him to build one after they watched the latest installment of the series in the cinema last year . construction was harder than cheng expected . he started looking for a blueprint for the armour last autumn . cheng spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the move 's measurements . to cut the cost , cheng used plastic instead of metal which he bought for just 5 yuan ( 60p ) per square metre . he said : ' i got all my information from the internet . i started from scratch . i go online for any questions . if i ca n't find the answer , i post my question on online forums . ' through searching online for information , i am able to learn and exchange experiences with other iron man fans . it is a little by little process . ' to cut the cost , cheng used plastic instead of metal which he bought for just 5 yuan ( 60p ) per square metre . he bought 20 square metres in total and cut them into 13 parts , including the helmet , mask , chest and limb protectors . cheng bought 20 square metres of plastic in total which he cut them into 13 parts , including the helmet , mask , chest and limb protectors . oversight : even his nephew can only sit down when wearing it because his legs are too short for the suit . he then stuck them together and coated them with metallic red and gold paint . he even installed led lights in the eyes and hands to give a truly authentic feel . but he says the electromagnet in iron man 's chest is still a work in progress . frustratingly , cheng says he ca n't fit into it himself because he is ' too chubby ' so he asked his nephew to act as his model . but even his nephew can only sit down when wearing it because his legs are not long enough for the suit . his younger brother also could n't wait to try on the helmet and showed it off to his friends , saying : ' this is so cool ! ' . the real thing : iron man , played by robert downey junior , shows off his mark iii armour in the 2008 film .