a first-of-its-kind 3d simulation has revealed what happens when two supermassive black holes dramatically collide in a disk . the video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole , showing how it takes shape . and the simulation is particularly interesting , because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life . scroll down for video . university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes ( shown ) in a disk . it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . the simulation was led by scientists at the university of illinois and included dr roman gold , dr vasileios paschalidis , dr stuart shapiro , dr milton ruiz , dr zachariah etienne , and dr harald pfeiffer . to make the simulation , the researchers used einstein’s general theory of relativity coupled with equations that govern how matter moves near the speed of light in a magnetic field . in the simulations , the processes taking place as the two black holes merge is shown . as they come closer , the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic , while the jets firing out from the ‘poles’ of each object merge into one . gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event - are also predicted to be created by the merger , while electromagnetic energy is blasted into space . once merged , the material around the black holes continues to swirly intensely . known as a quasar , this is a region of superheated dust and gas that surrounds supermassive black holes . they are extremely bright and power the centre of galaxies . at the centre of our milky way , for example , a bright quasar surrounding the supermassive black hole is visible . this first simulation shows the gas and magnetic fields as the two supermassive black holes collide . this second simulation shows the gravitational waves - ripples in space-time - in the merger . material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles in the merger . it comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging . shown here are gravitational waves produced . the simulation takes on added significance because , just the other day , it was revealed that two black holes 10.4 billion light years away are likely to collide in seven years . the discovery was made using data from the pan-starrs telescope in hawaii . each of the black holes found inside the quasar pso j334.2028+01.4075 has the mass of ten billion suns , and this simulation could provide an insight into what will happen if - or when - they merge . ‘ as a technical achievement , there’s no doubt that this [ simulation ] is a giant step forward , ’ dr cole miller of the university of maryland in college park , who was not involved in the study , told nature news . ‘ this merger would be amazing , if we saw it . ’ supermassive black holes at the centre of large galaxies could be powering blasts from deep inside the galaxy 's core , astronomers have claimed . astronomers have sought the driving force behind these massive molecular outflows for years , but now a team of university of maryland scientists has found an answer . the huge outpourings of material are responsible for ejecting enough dust and gas to build more than a thousand stars the size of our sun every year . and these outflows could also remove huge quantities of star-making gas , dictating the size , shape and overall fate of galaxies . gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event – are also predicted to be created by the merger ( illustrated ) , while electromagnetic is blasted into space . however , astronomers note that it is not a certainty the observed quasar has two colliding black holes inside it . the evidence so far comes from fluctuations in the quasar’s light - but this could just be due to a single black hole and a disc , rather than an orbiting partner . nonetheless , astronomers will be keen to observe it in further detail in case their predictions turn out to be correct . and if so , it could also provide a rare opportunity to observe gravitational waves - ripples in space time that occur during such a massive event like this .