david cameron this afternoon hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign – vowing to carry on warning about labour 's threat to the economy . the prime minister this morning faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far , as tory donors rounded on the party 's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in the polls . but a defiant mr cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs , business and childcare . scroll down for video . david cameron this afternoon hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign – vowing to carry on warning about labour 's threat to the economy . he told supporters in somerset : ' if you want political excitement . go to greece . if you want more showbiz in this election . go to hollywood . ' but here and now in the uk i 'm focused on something real – a stronger economy . ' mr cameron insisted the economy ' excites ' millions of people . he said he would campaign on ' more jobs , more homes , more business , more childcare , more security in retirement ' . he said : ' i make no apologies for focusing hard on that which is central to everything . when you get a new job , a new home , get a new childcare place or start a new business… now that 's truly exiting . ' and you only get these things with a strong and stable government - not one held to ransom . that 's not the excitement ' britain needs . that 's not a risk britain should take . ' mr cameron 's remarks comes amid claims senior tory figures are already planning to make boris johnson the next leader . some mps are prepared to engineer a coup against mr cameron in the days after may 7 by submitting letters of no-confidence in him and planning a ' mass show of support ' for the london mayor if the tories lose , the sunday times reported . one major donor , who declined to be named , told the newspaper : ' boris is the only one who can win . everyone knows what is going to happen in 10 days ' time . if dave does n't make it we 'll get rid of him . ' the tories have nudged ahead in the polls with less than two weeks to go until polling day , but tories are increasingly concerned it may be too little too late . london mayor boris johnson - appearing on the bbc 's andrew marr show this morning , has distanced himself from claims that he is being lined up to replace david cameron as tory leader . multimillionaire tory donor peter hall , who has given almost £600,000 to the tory party since 2005 , meanwhile has criticised mr cameron 's ' curious lack of energy and belief in his campaign . ' he said the pm needs to raise his game and ' unleash visceral passion and belief in his vision of the future ' , ' get down and dirty ' , as well as showing ' he cares ' , if he is to win on may 7 . ' if we do n't have a conservative government after may 7 it will be because of david cameron . his decision not to keep those ukip people in the tory tribe was a key error . ' i see no powerful vision of the future provided by david cameron . there is no clear considered view of where we are headed . ' mr hall warned that cameron 's mantra as a sound steward of the economy ' is not enough to win the votes needed to win the election ' and added : ' some people are really quite resigned to losing and they are planning the next step . ' it 's a horrifying prospect if we were to lose . how can we lose when so much is at stake and when we have such a strong hand ? '