the afghan taliban has published a bizarre biography of their ' charismatic ' supreme leader mullah omar - praising the one-eyed terrorist 's ' special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers . in a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of isis in the central asian country , the taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader . the taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion . the biography , posted just after midnight on the taliban 's main website , described mullah omar as being actively involved in ' jihadi activities ' , dispelling speculation that he died long ago . ' special sense of humour ' : in a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of isis in afghanistan , the taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the one-eyed extremist ( pictured left and right ) . weapon of choice : the taliban 's bizarre biography of their ' charismatic ' supreme leader mullah omar praises the one-eyed terrorist 's ' special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers ( pictured ) . despite being ' regularly tracked by the enemy , no major change and disruption has been observed in the routine works of [ mullah omar ] in ... organising the jihadi activities as the leader of the islamic emirate , ' it said . ' he keenly follows and inspects the ... activities against the brutal infidel foreign invaders . ' lionising the militant 's ' charismatic personality ' , the biography also contained several anecdotes of battlefield valour and described the rpg-7 grenade launcher as his ' preferred weapon of choice ' . the enigmatic , remote figure has not made a public appearance since the 2001 invasion , and has hardly ever been photographed . the us state department - which has a $ 10 million bounty on his head - only describes him as a tall male with a shrapnel wound to the right eye . enemies : the taliban ( pictured ) have reportedly seen defections to isis recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with mullah omar who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion . jihadi rivalry : the taliban clearly fears the growing influence within its ranks of the islamic state - the terrorist organisation led by iraqi extremist and self-appointed caliph , abu bakr al-baghdadi ( pictured ) . the taliban 's surprise move to release his richly-detailed biography , even describing his personal and family life , took security analysts by surprise . ' the taliban have posted omar 's biography for several strategic reasons - the most important of which is to counter daesh influence in their ranks , ' said ahmad sayedi , an expert on the taliban , alluding to the arabic abbreviation for the islamic state terror group . ' this announcement is also meant to show that omar is alive and well and still in control as the supreme leader of the taliban . ' in the past 13 years , omar has stayed completely out of the public eye amid growing power struggles within the taliban and fears of isis ' influence in their ranks as an ideological rival . the afghan government has also raised the ominous prospect of isis making inroads into the country , though the group that has taken over swathes of territory in iraq and syria has never formally acknowledged having a presence in afghanistan . in february a us-led nato drone strike killed a former taliban commander and a guantanamo detainee suspected of links to isis in the volatile southern province of helmand . former fighters : three former taliban members carry their weapons during a handover as they join a government peace and reconciliation process at a ceremony in herat . a us department of defense image obtained from november 2001 shows a leaflet the us were then dropping in afghanistan showing pictures of taliban leader mullah omar with the warning ' we are watching ! ' mullah abdul rauf khadim , who led around 300 men , had reportedly defected from the taliban to join isis . the whereabouts of omar remain a mystery but he is believed to be leading the taliban insurgency in afghanistan from a hiding place somewhere in pakistan . the news comes as afghanistan 's senior shiite community leader said isis was responsible for kidnapping dozens of shiite men and boys in february . mohammad mohaqiq said two former taliban leaders , who switched allegiance to isis , were responsible for the abduction of 31 members of the minority shiite hazara community on february 24 in southern zabul province . it is the first time an afghan leader has confirmed isis involvement in the kidnappings .