wladimir klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent and the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to travel to england to defend his belts . the ibf , wba and wbo king ended his seven-year american hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night but it was not the dazzling new york display he had promised on his stateside return . the american boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed russian sultan ibragimov in an uninspiring , lop-sided victory in this very madison square garden ring . and , although seven years and 12 fights have passed since then for klitschko , it was a case of same ring , same story . the watching fury , who is mandatory challenger to the champion 's wbo belt and in line for a summer showdown , will have been encouraged by the performance . wladimir klitschko celebrates after beating bryant jennings on saturday night in new york city . klitschko was awarded a unanimous victory over jennings by the judges at madison square garden . the fight against jennings was klitschko 's first in the united states since he fought sultan ibragimov in 2008 . klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponents and is willing to fight him in england . but klitschko has warned fury that he will relish finally fighting a man taller than him , after his victory over 6ft3in jennings . he said : ' i look forward to this fight , i think it will be challenging and exciting because i like to fight big men . it is much easier to fight bigger men than smaller . ' i believe that the fight with tyson fury will look different to this one because of the size difference – fury is taller than me . he is definitely the guy who is ambitious and i think it is going to be exciting . i think that he is going to engage in the fight . ' there was not much engagement through jennings today but i think the fury fight will be exciting and i 'm looking forward to it . ' the ukrainian once again used his height and longer reach to dominate has challenger . klitschko won 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other on saturday . klitschko was happy to travel to america to face an american – and insists he is ready to hit the road again to face the wythenshawe born fury . the only confusion appears to be from which governing body the mandatory challenge will come . fury is no.1 contender for the wbo strap but klitschko 's manager bernd boente says the order will actually come from the wba . either way , all three of the champion 's belts are likely to be on the line . ' we still have to find out when and where the fight will happen but we will sort it out in the next few weeks , ' klitschko added . ' i am absolutely open to fighting anywhere . it depends on negotiations and hopefully we will not need a purse bid . ' victory in manhattan on saturday took klitschko 's run of consecutive title defences to 18 and a win against fury will move him level with larry holmes on 19 . he remains some way off the record of 25 set by joe louis during the 1930s and 40s . he did , however , equal the bronze bomber 's total of 27 world heavyweight title fights contested at the garden . the 39-year-old ukrainian saw off his philadelphian challenger on points at madison square garden . brother vitali watches on as the world heavyweight champion celebrates his victory in america . the 39-year-old wears his wba , wbo and ibf world heavyweight titles with pride after his win . there is no doubting that klitschko is one of the most dominant champions of any era but it could be argued that there has been a paucity of genuine challengers during his reign . take jennings for example . the 30-year-old , a former handyman in the philadelphia bank , only started boxing six years ago and this was only his 20th professional fight . indeed , when jennings first laced them up , klitschko was already seven defences into his current hot streak . but he put up a good fight here , although on the few occasions he did get inside klitschko 's defence , he was unable to land anything other than single shots . despite standing three inches shorter than the champion , jennings enjoyed an incredible three-inch reach advantage , although it was not really a factor in the end . the american struggled to administer his jab and instead relied upon occasional forward raids . klitschko , as ever , allowed him to move towards him and tied him up . the ukrainian is often criticised for his persistent holding and he was deducted a point for that in the 10th round here . hayden panettiere was in the crowd at madison square garden to watch her fiancee 's latest fight . madison square garden , which has hosted some big fights over the years , pictured on saturday night . klitshcko 's last fight in the united states was in madison square garden in 2008 , seven years ago . despite that , he was awarded the win by a 116-111 on two cards and an ever bigger 118-109 on the other . however , the wide cards belie a unusual vulnerability about klitschko at times , which was not in keeping with his most recent victories during which his defence has seemed virtually impregnable . fury would have noticed . the klitschko brothers have been ruffled by brits in the past with david haye infuriating them by wearing a t-shirt depicting him holding the severed heads of the brothers in each hand . then , before dereck chisora fought older brother vitali , ' dell boy ' slapped the champion at the weigh-in then spat water in wladimir 's face . fury , one of british boxing 's biggest characters , is known for being outspoken and could attempt to get under wladimir 's skin . however , the 39-year-old said : ' antics outside of the ring ? you know what , who cares about outside of the ring ? it 's all about what happens inside . '