he has long struggled to convince voters that he is a suitable choice for prime minister . now ed miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ‘ inner voice’ . the consultants drafted in by the labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ‘ leadership skills’ using ‘neuroscience’ and ‘ business psychology’ . scroll down for video . ed miliband , pictured , has hired a us guru who can help him convince himself that he can be prime minister . mr miliband , pictured , has constantly lagged behind prime minister david cameron in the personal rating polls . services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’ and tutorials on how to build alliances – which may come in useful during negotiations with snp leader nicola sturgeon . the firm , which uses some american spellings despite being based in britain , details how it can help politicians on its website . it says : ‘ when we’re working with leaders who want to communicate their messages with greater impact , it’s typically the “how” of their style that we support , improving body language , breathing , posture and prosody . ’ in a section entitled ‘ the politics of authenticity’ , it adds : ‘ is learning new communication techniques just a question of artifice rather than authenticity ? ‘ our answer to that question would be “yes” , if you don’t throw yourself into the learning process and practice ! any new behaviour will feel inauthentic at the beginning , and will seem so to others , too . but with repeated practice we move from “acting” to “being” . ’ when ed miliband tried to make a conference speech off the cuff in september , he forgot to mention the deficit and was roundly ridiculed . so ever since then he has made sure he always has one trusty aide at his side ... a lectern , right . whether he is in a town hall , a car park or a factory during the election campaign , the prop – often holding helpful notes to jog his memory – has been there for him to lean on . his advisors believe the lectern makes him look more like a prime minister-in-waiting . but its non-stop uk tour has begun to look increasingly bizarre after he even dragged it into the car park of a leicestershire factory , where it was carefully positioned between puddles . this week he spoke from a lectern as he launched labour campaign billboards in nuneaton , warwickshire ... even though he was in the middle of a cricket pitch . the website continues : ‘ the anxiety we all feel to different degrees when communicating an important message to others – and which can side-swipe our message – can be erased so that our inner voice can find its way into the world . ’ and in a sign that the firm could help mr miliband prepare to negotiate post-election deals , it notes : ‘ our intelligent networks process encourages people to think about what they want to achieve [ and ] identify the people who might collaborate with them to achieve those goals . ’ mr miliband has consistently lagged behind david cameron in polls on their personal ratings during his five years as labour leader . but he has seen a slight boost in his popularity since the campaign began last month . after the seven-way televised leaders’ debate on itv , it emerged that mr miliband had been reading from motivational notes – including one reminding him to be a ‘ happy warrior’ . his cribsheet , found in his dressing room after the clash , also prompted him to ‘ relish the chance to show who i am’ . mr miliband has hired extendedmind despite already employing david axelrod , a former adviser to barack obama , on six figures . one labour mp said mr axelrod had so far been ‘invisible’ in the campaign , adding : ‘ i don’t understand what we are getting for the £300,000 , i think it is an obscene amount . ’ mr axelrod , who is based in the us , has insisted he is in touch with mr miliband ‘ all the time’ by phone , text and email . asked yesterday whether his use of extendedmind had been ‘helpful’ , mr miliband told a press conference : ‘ i will let other people make a judgment on those questions . i take advice from a range of people . ’ a labour spokesman said : ‘ we don’t comment on people we may or may not have employed . ’ extendedmind did not respond to a request for comment . tory michael ellis said : ‘there’s nothing authentic about ed miliband ... even after all his extensive coaching , could you imagine him standing up to putin on the world stage ? he should ask for his money back . ’ 