cook 's bradman jinx . with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it’s easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat . on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook’s form with the bat took a turn for the worse . he said : ‘ two years ago when england were in new zealand , brendon mccullum said cook was the closest thing to don bradman . ' he hasn’t scored a ton since . it’s the greatest piece of reverse psychology i’ve ever seen . ’ alastair cook 's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain 's form turned . rashid made to wait . while the rain came down in the morning , there was much talk of whether yorkshire’s leg-spinning all-rounder adil rashid would play in this test . despite many calling for his inclusion , the 27-year-old will have to wait to make his debut . assuming he is the next man to do so , he will be england’s 666th test player - though he will have the chance to skip straight to 667 . adil rashid was made to wait for his test debut after being left out after much discussion on day one . woe for bravo . marlon samuels might have an excellent record against england , but darren bravo does not . the batsman has no 50s in five tests against them - at a paltry average of 19.75 - so who can blame him for getting fidgety and poking at a wide ball from stuart broad as he crept towards the half-century mark ? kraigg brathwaite is first to fall as james anderson bowls the west indies opener with a massive in-swinger . big day for grenada . viewers may not be familiar with grenada’s national cricket stadium as it is hardly a regular test venue . after being built in 1999 , it was damaged by hurricane ivan in 2004 and rebuilt in time for the 2007 world cup . as a result , this is only the third test it has hosted , and on tuesday devon smith became the first grenadan ever to score a test run in grenada . devon smith walks off after being dismissed without hitting the ball after being the first local to score a test run in grenada . joe root ' was n't a massive fan ' after the first time he faced now team-mate james anderson . root’s rude awakening . in his latest ecb blog , joe root gives an insight into what it’s like for a batsman to face up to jimmy anderson . ‘i’ll never forget the first time i came across jimmy , early in the 2011 season , ’ said root . ‘ i was 20 and fairly new in the yorkshire first team . he was making a rare county appearance for lancashire in a roses match in liverpool and let’s just say he was quite aggressive . ' he took me a bit by surprise and on that initial evidence i wasn’t a massive fan . ’ family values . at tea , anderson’s father , michael , spoke to tms about the making of england’s leading wicket taker . ‘ every evening when i came home from work we would play out in the garden and he wouldn’t let me give my wicket away - he would always make sure he got me out , ’ he said . 