the militant unite union was facing embarrassment last night over claims it ‘sacked’ an activist for complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract . former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite , after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses . the employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union , which has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts , which it says amount to ‘exploitation’ . ed miliband was left embarrassed today after labour 's biggest backer was accused of employing workers on zero-hours contracts . it is also a blow to ed miliband , who has received more than £13million from unite since becoming leader in 2010 . mr reuby , a unite member for 42 years , claims he was sacked by the union after complaining that he and more than 100 colleagues were employed on a zero-hours basis , with no entitlement to sick pay or paid leave . the 59-year-old yesterday welcomed the ruling , saying : ‘ i never thought i would be taking my union to court . it is hypocrisy ( on their part ) because effectively what they were using was zero-hours contracts through the back door . ’ mr reuby’s lawyer jahad rahman said unite had repeatedly tried to avoid its responsibilities . he added : ‘there’s a moral as well as legal issue here because workers should not be denied basic employment rights . ‘ unite has openly campaigned about the use of zero-hours contracts , which provide far fewer benefits such as holiday pay and pension , yet there is evidence in this case that tutors employed by unite and other colleges worked under zero-hours contracts . my client was dismissed without any notice . he received a p45 in the post . no fair process was followed . ’ mr reuby was employed to deliver unite courses at a string of colleges in london and the south east . the union provided the training , syllabus and course materials . mr rahman said his client would now pursue a case for wrongful dismissal against the union . unite , which is appealing the judgment , claimed it did not employ mr reuby , who had a series of short-term contracts from colleges , which did not guarantee any minimum hours . but the tribunal ruled that he was effectively employed by unite . a spokesman for the union said : ‘ unite does not use zero-hours contracts and it is misleading to say so . the tribunal did not find that mr reuby was employed on a zero-hour contract , but rather he was employed on a series of short- term contracts . ’ labour was facing further embarrassment over the issue last night after parliament’s expenses watchdog confirmed some of the party’s mps were employing staff on a zero-hours basis . some 68 labour mps have used zero-hours contracts in the past two years , including shadow chancellor ed balls , shadow health secretary andy burnham and mr miliband’s parliamentary aide karen buck . labour leader ed miliband , pictured today in bury , has vowed to crackdown on zero-hours contracts . mr miliband posed for a ' selfie ' with youngsters after a q & a session at bury town hall before tonight 's debate . ed miliband 's promised crackdown on zero-hours contracts backfired after it emerged : shadow education secretary tristram hunt dismissed the figures , saying : ‘ these were not zero-hours contracts – they were casual contracts , such as students and interns . ’ but the independent parliamentary standards authority said the contracts were offered by mps on a zero-hours basis , adding : ‘ the mp is the employer – it is a matter for them whether they choose to use zero hours . ’ meanwhile , the conservatives were also facing difficulties last night after a prominent businessman withdrew his name from a letter of support . pascal soriot , chief executive of pharmaceutical giant astrazeneca , was one of more than 100 senior executives who endorsed a warning that a ‘ change in course’ would risk jobs and deter investment . tory sources last night said mr soriot had agreed in writing to have his name added to the letter . but yesterday he issued a statement saying that neither he nor his company endorsed any political party . he added : ‘ my name should not be used in the context of the letter . ’ labour business spokesman chuka umunna said : ‘ like most business leaders , mr soriot will want to contribute to policy debate but won’t want to get involved in party politics . ’