a finishing school for transgender women has opened up - offering participants guidance in how to move , dress and even speak like a lady . le femme , in new jersey , offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine . the school was created by ellen weirich , who dedicates her life to helping ' trans ' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin . scroll down for video . ellen weirich ( centre ) created ' le femme ' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine . pictured : ( l-r ) allison hannigan , ally maguire , ellen , antoinette dickinson and denise smith . the finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman , here ellen gives advice on improving posture . the curriculum , led by ' lady ellen ' includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels , how to speak like a lady , how to dress according to body shape and how to create a convincing cleavage . other services include a complete male-to-female makeover - and the ladies often go out and about as a group to put their new look and skills to the test . mother-of-three ellen , who charges from $ 44 ( £30 ) to $ 400 ( £270 ) per session , has been helping the transgender community for decades . she helped her first transgender woman in high school after a male friend confided that he was having gender identity issues . the finishing school is held in ellen 's home which houses a vast collection of wigs , make-up and clothes which her clients have access to . pictured : antoinette , who identifies as dual gender , before and after transforming . allison hannigan ( pictured ) has a wife who is extremely supportive of her and has been visiting ellen for a year . ellen first began helping transgender women in high school when a friend confided in her with gender identity issues . here she helps antoinette to apply makeup . ellen went on to get married and have three children , then in 2005 she received another cry for help from a transgender family friend . ellen says that she took it upon herself to help transitioning females become more feminine after realising that very few others were willing to . ' i noticed there was very little help available for transgender women who wanted to be more feminine . ' i had a good knowledge of transgender issues and felt like i could make a difference . ' ellen says that it is an honour to have helped so many through such a momentous part of their lives . ' to help women who have suffered in silence for so long feels amazing and i 'm blessed to be part of their journey . ellen off takes her clients on outings in order for them to practice their new-found skills . ellen 's collection of heels goes up to a size 15 in order to accommodate her larger footed client . ' i 've dedicated my life to helping transgender people and i ca n't imagine anything quite as rewarding . ' the school - which is run from ellen 's home - houses a huge wardrobe made up of a variety of outfits . to accommodate some of her larger clients , the dresses go up to a size 28 and a stack of heels range in sizes nine to 15 . in the make-up studio , ladies-in-training are taught how to apply , including tips on how to disguise stubble . ellen says that it is an honour to be a part of such a momentous aspect of someone 's life . here allison practices her walk which ellen says is the most difficult part of her sessions . a photography studio helps captures the results of the transformation and gives clients a souvenir of their journey . ellen says that for the majority of her clients walking in heels proves the most challenging part of their lessons . ' one of the biggest challenges for transgender and cross-dressing women is learning to walk in a feminine way - so many classes focus on graceful footwork . ' it 's difficult because they learn to walk a certain way for the whole of their lives and suddenly they 're trying to change it - its takes a lot of practice and determination . ' one lady who has benefited from ellen 's tutelage is 48-year-old allison hannigan , who has been visiting the finishing school for over a year . the eye application is said to be one of the more challenging areas for the women to conquer . the grateful client lives her day-to-day life as a man with a wife and two children - but visits to ellen as allison to learn techniques for putting on makeup and moving like a woman . allison says that visiting ellen has really helped her to perfect her feminine traits such as applying makeup . ' i have been married for 21 years and have been with my wife for 25 . she has known about allison ever since we were dating and she is very supportive . she is everything to me , so are my children . ' the idea of attending lady ellen 's charm school was very exciting to me . she has done a lot to help me develop over the year i have been associated with her . ' i 'm having the eye make up application lessons and the female feminine movement lessons , which are great because eye makeup is the most difficult area for me to conquer - i think it is for most girls . ' i am a rather tall , large person so the feminine movements would be very helpful for me to try to perfect my look . ' another of ellen 's regular customers for the finishing-school makeover is cross-dresser antoinette dickinson who has been visiting ellen for four-and-a-half years . ellen 's extensive wardrobe of clothes goes up to a size 28 to cater for all shapes and sizes . ellen helps antoinette choose her clothes , create realistic fake breasts using ' breast forms ' and put on feminine makeup . antoinette , who identifies herself as dual gender , says that dressing as a woman gives him a sense of freedom . ' the first time i dressed in women 's clothing i think was way back when i was a teenager i just loved the idea of hosiery on women and i thought to myself `` hey what would i look like in that '' ? ' one day i said i just want to get a fully fledged makeover and see what i look like as a woman and that 's basically how it happened . ' when i am in women 's clothes it feels great , its just such a release . it 's like i 'm escaping reality and just like you can turn into a whole different person . ' i would identify myself as dual gender . i am happy being both boy and a girl as opposed to different terms like transgender . ' when it comes to my friends and family i am what you call closeted so nobody really knows except for me and the girls that i associate with . '