iran has forbidden its citizens from travelling to saudia arabia 's holy sites over claims two teenaged boys were abused by saudi airport officials while returning from a pilgrimage . iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at jeddah airport in march . the announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers , particularly over saudi-led airstrikes in yemen . iranian protesters demonstrate against saudi-led strikes in yemen outside the saudi arabian embassy in tehran . muslims undertaking the umrah in mecca - the pilgrimage which is not obligatory in islam can be taken at any time during the year . sunni saudi arabia has led the bombing campaign against yemeni shiite rebels , the houthis , much to the anger of iran . iran , a shiite nation , is backing the rebel group . iran 's foreign ministry has said the two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were abused by airport security after they were separated from other passengers for body searches , russia today reported . iraninan culture ministry spokesman hossein nooshabadi told the state tv that the pilgrimage would be suspended until the saudi government ' applies a strong attitude ' to the case . he also said ' capital punishment ' should apply to the case , without offering further details . the alleged abuse , the details of which have not been publicly disclosed , sparked unauthorized protests at the saudi embassy in tehran on saturday . public anger has grown over the incident , with president hassan rouhani ordering an investigation and iran 's foreign ministry summoning a saudi diplomat for an explanation . however there has been confusion over what exactly happened . yesterday , a representative of iran 's top leader on pilgrimages to saudi arabia downplayed the case , saying the pilgrims were n't abused . ' in the incident , no abuse has happened and the two policemen who attempted abuse were identified and detained by saudi police , ' ali ghaziasgar was quoted as saying . iranians burn israeli and us flags : the shiite nation opposes saudi arabia 's alliance with the united states . the alleged abuse to the two teenagers comes amid increasing tensions between the two regional powers . some 500,000 iranians visit saudi arabia each year for the off-season umrah pilgrimage to mecca and medina , islam 's holiest sites . the umrah differs from the annual muslim hajj pilgrimage as it can be undertaken at any time of the year . saudi officials have n't commented publicly on the dispute . earlier this month , aviation authorities in the kingdom turned away an iranian plane carrying pilgrims , saying it did not have permission to use the country 's airspace , saudi state media reported . on monday hundreds of students staged a demonstration against the saudi government outside its embassy in tehran . on monday , hundreds of students staged another demonstration in front of the saudi embassy in tehran , protesting the air strike campaign in yemen . relations between shiite iran and sunni saudi arabia are hostile at the best of times . iran has insisted in the past that its pilgrims be allowed to hold ' disavowal of infidels ' ceremonies — rallies denouncing israel and saudi ally the united states - when on pilgrimages . saudi arabia bans such demonstrations at hajj and in 1987 , one such rally led to clashes with saudi security forces in which more than 400 pilgrims , mostly iranians , were killed . iran prevented pilgrims from attending hajj for three years after the killings . relations between the two countries , shiite iran and sunni saudi arabia , are hostile at the best of times .