nigel farage has proclaimed that he will ' smash apart ' labour 's 'one-party state ' in the north at the election . the ukip leader said that his party is now the ' serious challenger ' to labour in northern seats . he accused the party of making claims ukip is racist because it is ' running scared'.‎ . mr farage called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help ukip beat labour in its target seats . scroll down for video . up for it : the ukip leader said that his party is now the ' serious challenger ' to labour in northern seats . he said that traditional labour voters also want to send a message to ed miliband , ' you do n't represent us anymore ' . in an article for mailonline , he wrote : ' the truth is , labour are running scared , and it 's not the conservative party making great inroads into their vote . it 's us . it 's ukip . ' you only have to look at last year 's heywood and middleton by-election for proof of it . ' we came within 620 votes of taking a `` safe '' labour seat , and actually , mr miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it . the problem in that case was that the conservative party split the vote . ' mr farage accused labour of ' sneering ' at people who raised issues about immigration and claimed ukip has now ' emerged as the party of the working man ' . he added : ' across the north of england , ukip are now the serious challengers to labour . ' mr farage accused labour 's shadow business secretary chuka umunna of making ' tired and old claims ' after he said at the weekend that ukip is infected with the ' virus of racism ' . he wrote : ' while most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays , it is interesting to think about why labour chiefs are attacking ukip , when they really should be focusing on mr cameron 's conservatives by this point in the campaign . ' mr farage will on tuesday campaign in hartlepool , where he thinks the party has its best chance of winning in the north east at the election . the seat has been put on ukip 's list of top ten targets . other seats outside of the south of england on the list are great grimsby , boston & skegness , dudley north and heywood & middleton . proud : ukip 's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the north . however , the party suffered a blow on monday when a poll by tory peer lord ashcroft showed the party was 17 points behind labour in great grimsby . ukip 's strategists believe the party could come second in at least 100 seats in the north . in 2010 the party failed to achieve even a single second place . the hartlepool constituency has been held by labour since it was formed in 1974 . in 2010 , ukip took just seven per cent of the vote and labour 's iain wright retained the seat with a 5,509 majority . he replaced peter mandelson as the mp in a by-election in 2004 after the labour grandee stood down to become a european commissioner . mr farage 's hopes for electoral victory in hartlepool come after the town elected a man dressed as a monkey as its mayor in 2002 . stuart drummond stood as 'h'angus the monkey ' , hartlepool united fc 's mascot , as a publicity stunt with the slogan , ' free bananas for schoolchildren ' . he was re-elected in 2005 and 2009 before voters in the town backed a referendum to scrap the paid post in 2012 . hartlepool 's residents are famously said to have hanged a monkey during the napoleonic wars because they thought it was a french spy . ‎have you noticed how in the past few days labour has started to attack me and ukip , just as the polls suggest that more and more labour voters are going to be voting for us on may 7th ? polls have shown a sharply rising proportion of ukip supporters drawn from people who voted labour in 2010 . on april 17th it was seven per cent . this weekend it jumped to 19 percent . labour 's chuka umunna has again repeated a tired old claim about ukip and race . worried : mr farage said labour are ' running scared ' of his united kingdom independence party . while most people pay no heed when they hear these claims nowadays , it is interesting to think about why labour chiefs are attacking ukip , when they really should be focusing on mr cameron 's conservatives by this point in the campaign . the truth is , labour are running scared , and it 's not the conservative party making great inroads into their vote . it 's us . it 's ukip . you only have to look at last year 's heywood and middleton by-election for proof of it . we came within 620 votes of taking a ' safe ' labour seat , and actually , mr miliband would have had to resign as leader of his party if we had done it . the problem in that case was that the conservative party split the vote , and we had n't yet proclaimed our australian-style points system plan for immigration , or our plans to take those on the minimum wage out of income tax completely . sneering : mr farage said chuka umunna continued to ' sneer ' at his party on immigration and attacked a ' whopping majority of britons ' . and far from the party of old , gin-soaked half colonels that some would like ukip to be , we have emerged as the party of the working man and woman of this country , with a health policy welcomed by the alzheimer 's society , a housing policy endorsed by the royal institute of chartered surveyors , and an immigration policy that 77 per cent of the british public agree with . but mr umunna and the london labourites continue to sneer at people over the issues they want answers on . when they attack me , they 're really attacking a whopping majority of britons who know that on defence , our nhs , jobs , and the economy , labour has proved itself to be grossly negligent . on immigration , labour was wilfully deceitful , as several senior party sources now admit . they wanted to change our communities for political gain . they simply do not understand the impact that mass migration has had on people 's lives . in doing what they did , they betrayed their core voters – keeping wages down , making it harder to get a gp appointment , and creating a shortage of school places . people rely on government to help them with some of their most basic needs , and labour has not just failed to provide them , it has actually reduced their availability . look at the mess ed miliband 's party is in as a result of all this . across the north of england , ukip are now the serious challengers to labour . in scotland , labour 's heading for a wipeout . people are mustering up the courage to depart from their ' traditional ' way of voting . they want to send labour a message : ' you do n't represent us anymore ' . that 's because in areas like rotherham , hartlepool , and stockton , labour has ceased trying to represent the values , beliefs and opinions of ordinary folk . they 're more concerned with the chattering classes of westminster and islington . and let 's face it , until a few years ago there was n't much choice in the north . the conservative party 's entire campaign is based on the idea that he economy is enriching people 's lives , but very few people in the north of england are feeling that . and their claims expose the fact that they do n't know how much people are still struggling . but now there 's a challenger in the north . it 's ukip . so expect , over the next few days , a panicked campaign by ed miliband and chums during which they 'll call us names , hurl abuse , and try and scare voters away from us . do n't believe them . instead , trust in your judgement , and help us smash apart labour 's one party state in the north . ukip has several target seats in the north of england , which i now believe we 're in with a chance of winning.‎ .