in a show that could rival sydney 's light show ' vivid ' , carla zampatti 's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion . the stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday , april 12 . the collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties and features bold indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues against a backdrop of zampatti 's signature black and white tailored pieces . on wednesdays we wear pink ! carla zampatti presented a celebratory ss15-16 collection at sydney 's opera house today to mark the brand 's 50th year . kaleidoscope : the designer 's collection featured indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues against her trademark monochrome . with satin , bold block colours and floral jacquard prints sprinkled throughout , the strong , structured and feminine collection were a feast for the eyes , especially set against sydney 's iconic opera house . stars including delta goodrem , shanina shaik , kerri-anne kennerley , and terry biviano , were joined by fashion influencers kate waterhouse margaret zhang and tanja gacic in the front row . captivating crowds was zampatti 's stand-out fuschia ' opera coat ' that debuted on the catwalk featuring a pink bow and a lengthy cape that could be likened to a grown up red riding hood and starring as the perfect piece to compliment the operatic backdrop . rainbow bright : eye-popping bold colours were the stars of the show . peekaboo : one model was topless beneath her fuschia coat , worn with high-waisted black shorts . sunglasses required : the rainbow of creations made a bold statement . mellow yellow : buttercup creations were accented with fuchsia pink heels . it could be said that ' on wednesdays , zampatti 's girls wear pink ' with hot , pink open-toed uniform heels dominating the runway and a one-off satin head piece also making a guest appearance . the glamour did n't stop with colour either . ruffled shoulders , strapless tops and high neck cuts also reigned supreme in zampatti 's celebratory collection , highlighting collar bones and shoulders in a showcase of chic , feminine and understated glamour . models were adorned with jewellery from cerrone jewellers . chic : the bold colours popped against zampatti 's trademark black and white designs . mono : plenty of wearable designs were on parade amongst the more outrageous creations . celebrate : the collection was a nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties . milestone : zampatti produced her first collection in 1965 . the brand created 18ct white gold black rhodium plated linea rings that sit across the knuckles , and an 18ct white gold floating pearl ring especially for the show . ' cerrone is beyond delighted to be supporting australia 's most enduring and celebrated designer , carla zampatti , as she celebrates her 50 years in fashion , ' said nic cerrone , managing director of cerrone jewellers . ' based upon an initial meeting with carla and her stylist , michelle jank ; uniquely crafted rings have been designed and created exclusively for carla 's show , including signature pieces in 18ct white gold , black rhodium and large south sea pearls , cleverly designed with an minimal yet bold effect to complement carla 's classic designs . ' star power : delta goodrem ( left ) and shanina shaik ( right ) were among the star attendees at the presentation . fashion influencers : kate waterhouse ( left ) and tanja gacic ( right ) were also sitting front row . 