a woman has become the latest victim of violent anti-immigrant protests sweeping south africa after she was left covered in blood when rocks were thrown through her car window . so far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in durban , a key port on south africa 's indian ocean coast , spreading to johannesburg . in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks . scroll down for video . victim : carol lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in the latest wave of anti-immigrant protests near johannesburg in south africa . armed : south african police were called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to johannesburg , threatening more killings . people run for cover from a stun grenade and tear gas after a skirmish between locals and foreign nationals in durban , south africa , today . a group of foreign nationals threaten to defend themselves as police get between them and south africans after a peace march in durban . carol lloyd was forced to stop her car as she drove close to jeppestown after she was injured when a rock smashed through her car window . south african police responded to the wave of protests , which are motivated by the large number of immigrants and high unemployment rates , by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse the crowds . protests began two weeks ago and six people have been killed , and dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks . violence flared days after zulu king goodwill zwelithini said in remarks reported by local media that foreigners should leave south africa . he has since said his comments were misinterpreted . addressing parliament in cape town on thursday , president zuma reiterated his condemnation of the violence , calling it a ' violation ' of south africa 's values . ms lloyd stopped her car near jeppestown , close to johannesburg , after her window was smashed ( left ) and she was left bloodied ( right ) . in actonville , south african men were seen singing , armed with clubs and pieces of wood , as they called for foreign shop owners to leave . police responded to the violence in south africa by firing tear gas grenades as they began to enter men 's hostels to search for weapons . raid : anti-riot police today raided a hostel in benonu where local residents are suspected have taken part in the large scale protests . weapons : police in benoni have been looking for guns in the homes of protesters , who have been throwing rocks at trucks carrying supplies . ' no amount of frustration or anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals and the looting of their shops , ' he said . ' we condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms . the attacks violate all the values that south africa embodies . ' he also said the government was taking steps to secure its porous borders and making progress in setting up a border management agency , announced last year and scheduled to be up and running in 2016 . the ruling african national congress party has condemned the attacks as ' shameful ' and branded them ' criminal acts against vulnerable people ' . in the past two weeks , shops and homes owned by somalis , ethiopians , malawians and other immigrants in durban and surrounding townships have been targeted , forcing families to flee to camps protected by armed guards . foreign nationals living near johannesburg were today seen removing items from their shops and shutting up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . police entered mens hostels in actonville in johannesburg looking for weapons and are seen holding suspects at gunpoint today . a police officer is seen in the kitchen area of a men 's hostel in benoni as officers work to calm protests and prevent more attacks . a man is searched by a police officer for weapons as fear intensifies in johannesburg over the violence towards foreign nationals . the violence in south africa has been condemned by leaders and officials as more foreigners are being forced to leave their stores and homes . riot police , armed with guns , ammunition and wearing helmets have been clashing with protesters as they try to ensure safety . a child looks out from inside a deserted store in germiston , near johannesburg today after the immigrant owner removed his goods and left in fear of attack from local residents . foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee primrose , near johannesburg to escape the violence . shop owners fearing for their lives have been seen emptying their stores while armed police officers stand guard to protect them . another officer is seen standing guard as locals empty their shops and officials struggle to contain the violence sweeping the country . they fled after a mobile phone text message was apparently sent to shop owners , warning them to shut their premises , claiming that ' zulu people are coming to town ... to kill every foreigner on the road ' . in primrose , near germiston and about 15km out of johannesburg , dozens of shops have been left empty and owners were seen transporting their wares on trucks today . and in durban , where many of the attacks began , thousands of people have been seen marching through the streets calling for an end to the violence . durban 's impoverished townships have been at the heart of the recent clashes between locals and immigrants , following a similar spate of attacks on foreign-owned shops in soweto , near johannesburg , earlier this year . more than 1,000 foreigners in durban have fled their homes and are now living in makeshift camps under police guard . hundreds of people took part in a peace march today after anti-immigrant violence flared in durban . meanwhile , foreigners fled their homes . peace : thousands of people have taken part in a peace march today , calling for an end to the violence against immigrants in south africa . a woman holds a poaster while taking part in a peace march in durban as the president calls for an end to the xenophobic violence . a peace march against xenophobia took place in durban , south africa today as foreigners fled their homes and businesses in fear . foreign nationals clashed with a mob trying to loot their stores earlier this week as xenophonic attacks and violence erupted in durban . police have repeatedly clashed with protesters who are threatening violence , looting stores and setting fires in kwamashu and umlazi . threatening : streets have been destroyed by gangs of protesters keen to intimidate and scare immigrants to leave the country . safe camps have been established in the coastal city of durban for fleeing immigrants whose shops were looted and burned down . the fear felt by many was palpable as dozens of foreigners sought refuge at a police station outside johannesburg and stayed there overnight , according to police spokesman , col. lungelo dlamini . patrick gaspard , the us ambassador to south africa who was born in zaire , now known as the democratic republic of the congo , to haitian parents , spoke in defence of the immigrants . ' as an immigrant to my own country , my heart goes out to those who have been attacked for being different , ' mr gaspard said in a statement . in a statement , tina ghelli , spokesman for the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees , said the minister of international relations , maite nkoana-mashabane , will on friday meet with diplomats from several african countries to discuss the government 's efforts to protect immigrants . the governments of malawi and zimbabwe have begun efforts to repatriate citizens affected by the attacks . fleeing : foreign nationals loaded up trucks with their belongings and made their way out of johannesburg , fearing more attacks . shelves have been left bare in one shop in the village of primrose near johannesburg after foreigners fled their homes and businesses . a man carries bottles of drink that had been on sale in a store after foreign nationals decided to flee primrose , fearing for their lives . two men are pictured carrying a refrigerator as foreigners flee their homes and businesses as protesters make them fear for their lives . foreign nationals living near johannesburg were seen removing items from their shops and shutting up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . south africa has a population of about 50 million , but an estimated five million immigrants and its high jobless rate , widespread poverty and glaring income disparities make it a ripe candidate for outbreaks of anti-immigrant violence . unemployment is officially around 25 percent but economists say in reality it is much higher . johannesburg was the epicentre of the 2008 xenophobic attacks that killed more than 60 people and saw violence spread through the area . refuge : earlier this week foreign nationals , who were forced out of their homes , took refuge at camps in isipingo in south durban . handouts : the foreigners , including children , were provided with food by the local community after they were threatened with violence . fear spread throughout south africa after people received text messages warning them they would be attacked or killed if they stayed . mobs have been seen marching through the streets shouting as they call for foreign nationals to leave and clash with police officers . dozens of areas have already been abandoned , like this store in kwamashu , after foreign nationals shut up their shops and fled .