when andriy shevchenko netted the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat in the 2003 champions league final , they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to europe 's top table . that penalty shootout followed a 0-0 draw which saw ac milan crowned european champions in the first all-italian final . now , after a long journey , juve are back among the continent 's elite . another goalless draw , this time against monaco on wednesday night , was more successful for turin 's old lady as they reached the champions league semi-finals with bayern munich , real madrid and barcelona on the horizon . gianluigi buffon was celebrated reaching the champions league semi-finals , 12 years after final heartbreak . juventus ' players salute their supporters after the final whistle in monaco having made it to the last four . juve have endured a tough few years but they are now back were they belong among the elite of europe . the 12-year gap between now and that night at old trafford has been one of twists and turns : relegations , promotions , league titles , stripped league titles and european failure at the hands of relative minnows like fulham and bordeaux . captain gianluigi buffon said on wednesday : ' i thought i 'd have to wait less when i was at this stage 12 years ago , but seeing the journey was very difficult , we can enjoy this result even more . ' we knew it was a great opportunity and after 12 years we wanted to honour the history of juve . ' even this season , bianconeri supporters thought they were as good as out of this tournament as early as late october . a shock defeat by olympiacos in athens had them on the brink of exit before they scrambled to a runner-up spot in group a behind atletico madrid . then borussia dortmund gave them a mighty scare in the last-16 before the narrow win over monaco . andriy shevchenko sent buffon the wrong way with the winning penalty in the old trafford final on 2003 . the juventus players , including alessandro del piero ( centre ) reflect on their defeat in the showpiece final . back in 2010 , juventus were downed by fulham in the europa league , a side now in the championship . pajtim kasami celebrates after leaving juve on the brink of exit back in october , but they made it through . looking back , their group-stage progression is not too dissimilar to the club 's fortunes over the last decade . after finishing third in serie a the season after the 2003 final , juventus came back to win the league twice in a row - only to be stripped of them both amid italy 's match-fixing scandal that sent them into the second division . on promotion , they took four further years to reach the summit of italy 's top tier once again but piece-by-piece , the nation 's most successful side has rebuilt . that has n't come easy , particularly with their domestic division being overtaken by england 's barclays premier league , spain 's la liga and the german bundesliga . talent is hard to tempt to italy - as shown by the failings of ac milan , inter milan , lazio and roma . and when the talent does come , it is usually picked off by the big boys from abroad . the italian champions were relegated to serie b amid italy 's matchfixing scandal but soon rose back up . juventus celebrate their second consecutive serie a title last season , and they are on track for a fourth now . but not at juventus . the side celebrating on the stade louis ii pitch on wednesday night included household names such as buffon , carlos tevez and arturo vidal , while paul pogba - the most sought-after talent in europe - is on his way back from injury . he could even be ready for the semi-finals , something any opponent would dread . they have n't conceded in their last three champions league games - a hallmark of any great italian side - and their comfortable domestic lead gives them all the time in the world to prepare for their final two or three matches in the competition . buffon and carlos tevez hug on the pitch of the stade louis ii , and they both have a point to prove . arturo vidal is one of the most sought-after midfielders in europe but he has stuck with juve until now . paul pogba could be back in time for their semi-final next month and will likely be a key player in any clash . barca , real and bayern should beware : the oldest team left in it have a point to prove , and for some this could be their last shot at european glory . tevez has been linked with a return to south america after nine years in europe . andrea pirlo , patrice evra and buffon are not far from the end of their careers , either . combine that with the midfield prowess of pogba and claudio marchisio , and the solid defence provided by giorgio chiellini and leonardo bonucci and they just might do it . juve will be the team that everyone wants to draw but nobody will enjoy playing against . roberto pereyra , andrea pirlo , tevez and fernando llorente celebrate reaching europe 's final four . pirlo , aged 35 , might be facing his best chance of one last european title with the bianconeri this season . vidal had it about right after wednesday 's game when he said : ' i am not afraid of anyone . ' i think all four teams in the semi-finals have their qualities and on friday we 'll see who we face , but right now i think we 're on a par with all of them . we play with our heads now and are a mature team , i 'd say . ' the european giants wearing the famous black and white stripes might finally have awoken .