most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs . but amelia-jane harris , 20 , says her new ' dream body ' is actually a nightmare , as crohn 's disease means she is in constant pain and can not eat . the illness has seen miss harris lose more than 18 stone ( 252lbs ) in 20 months , as she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain . at her largest , when she weighed 27st 10lbs ( 388lbs ) and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits . but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs ( 121lbs ) and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again . scroll down for video . amelia-jane harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school and called ' fatty bum bum ' ( left ) . she developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six ( right ) . but rather than being delighted at her new figure , she describes her situation as a ' nightmare ' . her condition leaves her in constant pain and she can barely keep food down , so she can never enjoy eating or go out for dinner with her friends . she so tired from being malnourished she can not work , and her fingernails , eyebrows and hair all regularly fall out . miss harris , of chelmsley wood , birmingham , said : ' i get lots of compliments on my figure , but i have constant , underlying pain . ' sometimes it feels like really severe stomach cramps , but i also get really bad stabbing pains that wo n't go away . ' i get no enjoyment out of food anymore . eating feels like a chore because i know it 's going to cause me pain . ' it seems pointless to make a healthy meal because i 'll just throw it up . ' with strong painkillers i can cope , but it feels like a curse - i 'm going to have to take this medication for the rest of my life . ' miss harris was a happy and healthy child but her weight began to increase through her teens despite making no change to her diet . miss harris says her ' dream body ' is actually a nightmare as she can not eat and vomits daily . by the age of 14 , she was dubbed ' fatty bum bum ' by playground bullies . she said : ' i ate whatever mum gave me , which was healthy because she was always watching her weight . ' as my waistline expanded , my confidence shrank and it was n't until i left school - and the bullies - behind me that i stopped worrying about my size . ' at college , i ate what i wanted and although i reached nearly 28 stone , i still made an effort with my clothes , hair and make-up . fat did n't have to mean ugly . ' with the humiliation of her school days behind her , miss harris gradually started to embrace her size 32 frame . but then shortly after her 17th birthday , having finally made peace with being overweight , she fell seriously ill . she said : ' i started vomiting 10 times a day . i just could n't keep anything down . ' within 20 months i 'd lost more than 18st . it did n't make any sense to me and i was terrified . ' concerned by the rapid and unprompted weight loss , she consulted her gp . in june 2014 , after months of tests , her doctor diagnosed her with crohn 's disease , a long-term condition that causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive system . there is currently no cure for crohn 's disease - treatment simply aims to relieve the symptoms of the digestive system becoming inflamed . miss harris was immediately prescribed a cocktail of pills , which she is required to take every day . she said : ' on a good day i have to take up to 70 pills , but it can go up to 100 on a bad one . ' the weight kept falling off until i reached size six . people congratulated me on the weight loss and told me i looked fabulous – but the truth was i 'd never felt worse ' . she now weighs 8st 9lbs , which means she is very slim for her 5tf 7in height . she said : ' i 'll never be big again . i can only keep down around 10 per cent of what i eat , and right now i 'm even struggling to keep down water . ' before the sickness started , miss harris would tuck into a healthy bowl of cereal for breakfast . before being diagnosed with crohn 's disease , miss harris had four jobs . now , she is so tired she can not work . she said : ' i know it sounds unbelievable , but i 'd give anything to be 27 stone again ' . for lunch she 'd have a salad or a sandwich , and dinner was a meal cooked by her mother , such as a healthy portion of spaghetti bolognese made with reduced fat quorn mince . now , her condition means she can not eat fats or oils . she has not eaten junk food for the past three years and has been on a strict diet of boiled meat and vegetables . she said : ' i know it sounds unbelievable , but i 'd give anything to be 27 stone again . this time last year i held down four jobs , but now i 'm too ill to work . ' being curvy is part of what it means to be a girl . i had that before , but now i just look like a boy . ' ' my fingernails have been known to drop off because i 'm not getting any nutrients . ' i 've also suffered really badly with hair loss . i wore a wig for the entire summer of 2013 , which was hot , itchy and just generally uncomfortable . ' i even lost my eyebrows , which made me look like an alien . ' i ca n't go out and eat with my mates because i 'll be sick . ' in the past when i 've lost weight on purpose and people complimented me , i felt proud . now , when people say `` well done '' , i feel nothing . ' alarmingly , her weight is still decreasing and doctors are still baffled as to why her weight has not stabilised . she said : ' there 's talk about admitting me back to hospital , but i 'd give anything to avoid that . ' to some , i have the dream body - but to me , my size six figure is nothing but a nightmare . i can only pray that the doctors find the answer soon . ' for more information and support , visit www.crohnsandcolitis.org.uk . crohn 's disease is a condition that causes inflammation of the digestive system . crohn 's disease is a condition that causes inflammation of the digestive system . inflammation is the body 's reaction to injury or irritation and can cause redness , swelling and pain . crohn 's causes ulcers to form in the gut and inflammation that affects the body 's ability to digest food , absorb nutrients and eliminate waste in a healthy way . the disease is one of the two main forms of inflammatory bowel disease ( ibd ) .the other common form of ibd is ulcerative colitis . crohn 's is described as chronic , meaning it is a life-long condition . sufferers will have periods of good health , remission , as well as times when their symptoms flare up or relapse . there is currently no cure for the disease , but drugs and surgery can give patients long periods of relief from their symptoms . the cause of crohn 's disease is not well understood . experts believe the condition is , in part , inherited , while an abnormal reaction of the immune system to certain bacteria in the intestines is thought to contribute . viruses , bacteria , diet , smoking and stress have all been suggested as environmental triggers , but there is no definitive evidence that any one of these is a cause of crohn 's . symptoms include : abdominal pain and diarrhoeatiredness and fatiguefeeling generally unwellmouth ulcersloss of appetite and weight lossanaemia - a reduced level of red blood cells . it 's estimated around 250,000 people suffer from the condition in the uk . it can start in any age , but usually appears for the first time between the ages of 10 and 40 . the disease can cause complications including perforations . they happen when a severe blockage ruptures the bowel , making a hole . the contents of the bowel can leak through and form an abscess . it causes pain and a fever . source : crohn 's and colitis uk . 