mcdonald 's says it 's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize , marking the latest sign the company is rethinking its menu to keep up with changing tastes . the company says it expects the new ' artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads . it says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates , which it said was used to keep the chicken moist , in favor of vegetable starch . the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin , which mcdonald 's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning . jessica foust , director of culinary innovation at mcdonald 's , said the changes were made because customers said they want ' simple , clean ingredients ' they are familiar with . ' maltodextrin is just not something they have in their pantries , ' foust said . easy to follow : mcdonald 's is simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize . its ' artisan grilled chicken ' will be included in a new sandwich and existing menu items . the change comes as mcdonald 's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food . already , that ' clean label ' trend has prompted numerous restaurant chains and packaged food makers to reformulate products , even while standing by the safety and quality of their previous recipes . subway also introduced a new grilled chicken recipe earlier this year that it said had no artificial flavors or preservatives . and panera bread has said it plans to purge artificial colors , flavors and preservatives from its food by 2016 . as ingredient quality becomes a more powerful marketing advantage , executives at mcdonald 's have also been trying to freshen up the company 's image and shake perceptions that it serves junk food . tv ads and signs in stores , for instance , are playing up the fact that egg mcmuffins are made with freshly cracked eggs . and last month , mcdonald 's announced it would start asking suppliers to curb the use of antibiotics in raising chickens . as for the new grilled chicken recipe , mcdonald 's said it will now be cooked with a blend of olive oil and canola oil , instead of liquid margarine . and foust said she thinks customers will notice that it has ' more of a lemon herb type flavor . ' ' it 's a very real chicken experience — something closer to what you make in your own home , ' she said . battle : the change comes as mcdonald 's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food ( file ) . roger clemens , an adjunct professor of pharmaceutical sciences at the university of southern california 's school of pharmacy and a former president of the institute of food technologists , said sodium phosphates could be used to help chicken keep its moisture and texture when it 's being frozen and shipped . ' if you 're going to cook a fresh chicken , it 's not a big concern . but if you 're going to ship a chicken , there 's a change in structure , ' he said . maltodextrin , meanwhile , might be used as a coating on chicken to distribute seasonings evenly , he said . on its website , mcdonald 's lists ingredients for its new ' artisan grilled chicken ' including salt , vegetable starch , sugar , garlic powder , lemon juice concentrate , honey and onion powder . terri hickey , a mcdonald 's representative , said the new chicken will have 12 ingredients , compared with 18 ingredients for the previous grilled chicken recipe . mike andres , who took over as president of mcdonald 's usa last year amid ongoing sales struggles , had said in december the company was looking at shrinking its ingredients lists . whether the new grilled chicken recipe helps change perceptions about the food at mcdonald 's remains to be seen . the change comes after mcdonald 's corp. saw sales and customer visits at established u.s. restaurants slip two years in a row . in january , the company named steve easterbrook , its chief brand officer , to take over as ceo for don thompson . that change took effect in march , right before a ' turnaround summit ' for u.s. franchisees . mcdonald 's says it 's simplifying the recipe for its grilled chicken in the latest sign the chain is trying to keep up with changing tastes . here 's a look at the ingredient lists for the new grilled chicken , compared with the previous ingredient list : new recipe : ingredients : boneless , skinless chicken breast with rib meat , water , salt , vegetable starch , sugar , garlic powder , lemon juice concentrate , honey , onion powder , dried vinegar , natural flavor ( plant source ) , baking soda . prepared with canola oil/olive oil blend and herb seasoning ( sugar , garlic powder , salt , lemon juice concentrate , parsley , onion powder , dried honey , citric acid , spice , dried vinegar , natural flavor ( plant sources ) . old recipe : ingredients : chicken breast fillet with rib meat , water , seasoning ( rice starch , salt , sugar , yeast extract , canola oil , onion powder , maltodextrin , chicken skin , paprika , flavor , sunflower oil , chicken , garlic powder , chicken fat , spices ) , sodium phosphates . prepared with liquid margarine : liquid soybean oil and hydrogenated cottonseed and soybean oils , water , partially hydrogenated soybean oil , salt , soy lecithin , mono-and diglycerides , sodium benzoate and potassium sorbate ( preservatives ) , artificial flavor , citric acid , vitamin a palmitate , beta carotene ( color ) . source : mcdonald 's corp . 