a man took his own life shortly after he was convicted of killing his wife in court on friday . mark ward faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner . faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy . after the verdict was , read , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . scroll down for video . mark faville ( above ) , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 , on friday . faville ( above with his lawyer ) then took his own life as he was being led away , though it is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway . the roanoke times reports that a sheriff 's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming ' drop it , drop it , ' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5pm . anne ( above ) died in 2000 . faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound , though it is not known what kind of weapon he may have used to kill himself . deputies do not carry guns when transporting individuals in the courthouse so that they can not try to grab them . what 's more , everyone must pass through security and an x-ray machine to get into the courthouse . police are investigating the incident . the jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments friday morning . the couple 's two daughters both testified for the prosecution . his wife was a local teacher , and in the months after her death both daughters noted odd behaviors from their father . they also claim he had grown suspicious of his wife , and had even begun following her when she went out on errands . immediate family members and friends cried as the verdict was read , almost all of whom believe faville was guilty . writings found at the couple 's home seemed to imply that anne was preparing to leave her husband for her high school sweetheart chris crowley , something he himself confirmed when he took the stand earlier this week . then , on march 7 , crowley grew concerned when he had not heard from anne all day and called police . a little after his concerned call , at around 1am on march 8 , faville ran to his neighbor 's home to say his wife had stopped breathing and he needed help . robert and melissa frederick ran over and said they found anne dead and cold to the touch , and both they and paramedics reported seeing faville sitting on his dead wife 's chest and slapping her face in their testimony this week . what 's more , mr. frederick , a respiratory therapist , repeatedly asked faville to get off his wife so he could do something , but the man refused to move . ' there was nothing else i could do , ' testified frederick .