middlesbrough 's patrick bamford has been named the championship player of the year at the football league awards . bamford , on loan at the riverside stadium from chelsea , received the award at the gala ceremony in london on sunday evening in front of over 600 guests , following a vote among club managers . the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award . patrick bamford takes centre stage at the football league awards ceremony with host simon thomas ( right ) . the middlesbrough striker poses with the championship player of the year award . bamford 's goals while on loan have chelsea have steered boro towards promotion . mk dons teenager dele alli picked up the young player of the year award . the talented midfielder 's performances have led to a summer move to tottenham . on winning the award , bamford said : ' first and foremost i have to concentrate on these last few games and hope that boro as a team go up and we can push into the premier league . ' after that i 'm concentrating on the euro 's with england so , i think by the time i 'm back from the euro 's i can sit down with chelsea and see what 's happening . there is a chance i could play against boro but it 's open ended and i wo n't find out till july . ' thanks to the club , my team mates because without them i would n't be here and of course the manager and my family . ' leicester city 's kasper schmeichel ( left ) and wes morgan with their team of the decade awards . ( l-r ) wes morgan , kasper schmeichel , peter whittingham and wes hoolahan all made team of the decade . veteran striker kevin phillips was honoured with the sir tom finney award . millwall 's danny shittu with the player in the community award alongside pfa chairman ritchie humphreys . preston 's joe garner earned the league one award , while danny mayor of bury topped the list in league two . mk dons midfielder dele alli - on loan from tottenham - was named the football league 's young player of the year . the 19-year-old has scored 16 times for karl robinson’s side this season as they push for promotion from league one and earned himself a january move to spurs . southampton defender nathanial clyne ( right ) also attended the football league awards . youngsters george cooper of crewe ( left ) and portsmouth 's conor chaplin hold their apprentice awards . sky bet championship player of the year : patrick bamford ( middlesbrough ) . sky bet league 1 player of the year : joe garner ( preston north end ) . sky bet league 2 player of the year : danny mayor ( bury ) . the football league young player of the year : dele alli ( milton keynes dons ) . tokio marine kiln club hero award : brian murphy ( birmingham city ) . lfe apprentices of the year . league 2 : conor chaplin ( portsmouth ) . league 1 : george cooper ( crewe alexandra ) . championship : lewis cook ( leeds united ) . pfa player in the community : danny shittu ( millwall ) . johnstone 's paint community club of the year : derby county . the football league family club of the year : colchester united . mitre goal of the year : joe garner ( preston north end ) . sir tom finney award : kevin phillips . capital one supporter of the year : sarah watts ( brighton & hove albion ) . the football manager team of the decade . goalkeeper : kasper schmeichel . defenders : angel rangel , gareth bale , wes morgan , ashley williams . midfielders : wes hoolahan , adam lallana , peter whittingham . forwards : glenn murray , rickie lambert , jordan rhodes . manager : eddie howe . contribution to league football : major frank buckley .