two goals within ninety seconds of each other was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing rarely seen on this side of the mersey . after more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of tranmere 's faithful finally snapped when oxford moved decisively ahead , in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous saturday 's boat race . the loathing was directed mainly at manager micky adams , who was announced on sunday morning to have left the club by ' mutual consent ' . the tranmere players look down after the final whistle , as the prospect of relegation looms large . this is how it ends in football sometimes : standing in the dugout having a season ticket thrown in your face by an incandescent supporter , who you then see given a standing ovation by some sections upon being escorted out . the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week on saturday after 94 years of membership , something which provoked an angry demonstration by some 150 supporters outside the gates afterwards . adams departs with two games to go and after a 3-0 defeat against a thoroughly professional oxford side the wirral 's only professional sports outfit are one point behind cheltenham and two behind hartlepool . bitter ironies abound . relegation to the national league – the grand-sounding new title for the conference but do n't be fooled – may partly be down to prenton park legend and ex-manager ronnie moore , sacked by the club last season for a minor betting offence , and now masterminding hartlepool 's unlikely survival . and it could all happen under the ownership of former fa chief executive mark palios , knowledgeable football man and esteemed former tranmere player who took over the club late last summer . kemar roofe celebrates scoring , as a professional oxford side eased past sorry tranmere . the battle between barnet and bristol rovers to win automatic promotion to the football league will go down to the last game . barnet , who lead the conference by one point , have a home game against mid-table gateshead on saturday while rovers face a potentially more difficult match at home against fourth from bottom alfreton , who almost certainly need to win themselves to avoid being relegated . rovers looked as if they would head the table after the weekend’s games but conceded a goal with two minutes left to draw 1-1 at dover . that put barnet , who dropped out of the football league two seasons ago , in the driving seat after a 1-1 draw away to kidderminster . grimsby are guaranteed a play-off spot , but one of eastleigh , forest green and macclesfield will miss out . it all seemed such a good idea at the time . nobody questioned his judgement in october when , with the team bottom of the table , he replaced the inexperienced rob edwards with a seasoned operator like adams . there was the odd dead cat bounce , but six months on they are still bottom after failing to keep a clean sheet for nineteen consecutive matches . the mersey ferry displays a quicker turning circle than that shown by the home defence for the two killer goals that came just after half-time , but then a cause of that may be a lack of familiarity among players . a staggering 52 have been called up to first team duty this season . adams played the selection and recruitment game like a man on the fruit machine , continually pulling the handle in the hope that the right combination would come up in alignment . the latest loan signing has been young everton winger george green who , when pulled off on saturday after 60 minutes , could be seen haranguing some of his team-mates on the bench . it was not long after full-time that you could catch assistant manager alan rogers , part of a distinguished list of former tranmere players who graduated to a higher level , stripping the paint from the dressing room walls . micky adams has left the club by mutual consent , with tranmere bottom of the league with two games to go . rogers – now in charge for the next fortnight – then had to deny that adams 's decision to dodge the media was of any significance . he then professed himself ' dumbfounded ' by the team 's performance . and so it unravels in desperate times . they had actually competed gamely in the first half , but were overwhelmed by anxiety when getting anywhere near the goal . ' it 's not acceptable , ' he said . ' we just do n't look like scoring a goal . the players have got to start taking some responsibility . it 's an easy option pointing fingers at the manager but the players have got to look at themselves , have they done enough ? the answer is no . i was a player . you 've got to stand up and be counted . ' marc laird , well-travelled journeyman and among those fighting for his career , did not try to shift the blame onto the management . he just about summed up the sense of disbelief saying : ' it 's a big club , when i joined in the summer i never imagined that we would be where we are . ' the prospect of dropping out of the 92 is something uniquely grim in english football , especially for a club of this heritage , who shortly after joining the league gave a debut to 16 year-old local lad dixie dean . it was only in january 2013 that they stood on top of league one and early in the last decade reached the league cup final plus three fa cup sixth rounds . but they do not have to look far for examples of how there is no easy road back in the event of relegation . aside from southport and chester there is wrexham , not far across the welsh border and a decent sized club , who fell out of the league in 2008 and have yet to return . there is a long trip to plymouth next saturday and then a last home game against bury . the unpalatable odds are that the next stop after that could be somewhere like braintree or dover .