the family of murdered australian baseball player chris lane broke down in court as they listened to an emergency call revealing the distressing final moments of his life . the 22-year-old , from melbourne , was jogging along a street in the rural southern oklahoma city of duncan in august 2013 , when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . his parents , donna and peter lane listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency phone call made by oklahoma resident who witnessed their son collapsed on the side of the road . chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder . the teen was riding in a ford focus with two teenage friends when he allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past . scroll down for video . family and friends , along with his then girlfriend sarah harper ( right ) broke down as they listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency call made by witnesses who tried to save chris lane 's ( left ) life . joy smith : he 's turning blue . 9-11 dispatch : is he talking to you right now ? joy smith : no he 's [ gasping noise ] , that 's all he 's doing , making that noise . 9-11 : all right , you just stay on the line with me , ok ? joy smith : if you do n't hurry , he 's gone . 9-11 : ma'am , they 're coming ok , i ca n't make them come any faster . joy smith : oh my gosh how long 's it going to be ? he 's stopped breathing . mr lane , who was on a baseball scholarship with oklahoma 's east central university , was visiting his girlfriend in duncan when he was randomly gunned down . family and friends , including mr lane 's former girlfriend sarah harper , heard details about how two bystanders tried to resuscitate the young man who had stopped breathing and wept during the proceedings at the duncan 's district court on wednesday . members of the family broke into loud , uncontrolled sobs when authorities showed the white baseball cap lane wore when he was shot and photographs of the bullet wound taken in a hospital morgue . linda prior cried as she told court how she attempted to shut lane 's ' big brown eyes ' but was n't able to after failing to resuscitate him . ' the big brown eyes were just staring at me , ' ms prior , who has first aid training and performed cpr , told the court . the parents of slain australian baseballer chris lane , donna ( right ) and peter , leaving duncan district court . duncan woman joy smith ( right ) leaves court after she told court how she saw mr lane stumble and fall on the road . smith 's 911 phone call was played in court . chancey luna has been charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting mr lane in the back . luna , a duncan high school student , showed no emotion during the 911 recording and ms prior 's evidence . another local , richard rhoades , who also tried to help lane , said he took off his shirt to place it over lane 's face when they realised he was dead . ' i just thought it would be nice to close his eyes , ' he said . luna 's lawyer , jim berry , made a shock admission in court on tuesday that his client had fired the bullet that killed lane but added the teen was ' reckless ' and was only trying to ' scare the jogger ' . the lawyer told the jury that for luna to be found guilty of first degree murder , the prosecution would have to prove beyond reasonable doubt the murder was premeditated . prosecutors said luna internationally pulled the trigger . the trial continues . donna lane , mother of shot australian baseball player chris lane , holds a framed christmas card he and his girlfriend sarah harper had sent her on an earlier , happy festive season . lane ( left and right ) , 22 , from melbourne , was shot in the back on august 16 , 2013 , in what police said was a random killing as he ran along a road in duncan , southern oklahoma , where he was on a sporting scholarship . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .