a washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school . the five-day suspension for ibrahim ahmad will prevent him from attending la center high 's dance saturday . ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity . ' it was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' ahmad said . the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . scroll down for video . ' the bomb ' : ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal . at lunchtime , he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom . ' i kno it 's a little late , but i 'm kinda…the bomb ! rilea , will u be my date to prom ? ' the sign read . school superintendent mark mansell says ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment . ' to me , it 's just blatant disrespect , ' mansell told the columbian . ' the student knew that the principal would n't support this and he went ahead and did it anyway . ' the teen says the prank was all in good fun and simply part of a trend in flashy prom proposals . no prom for them : because of his stunt , prom has been ruined for ibrahim and his date rilea wolfe . dragged away : school superintendent mark mansell says ahmad 's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment . ' i 'm middle eastern , and i thought the bomb was kind of funny and clever , ' he said . ' i was n't wearing the vest for more than , like , 20 seconds . ' it 's kind of a trending thing now , too , where everyone just asks in a really creative way . ' besides , she said ' yes . ' but now that creativity has ruined ibrahim 's prom and that of his date , rilea wolfe . ' if anyone else did that , i feel like no one else would have gotten in trouble for it , ' ahmad said . ' it was really unfair , and it kind of felt racist , ' ahmad said . ' if anyone else did that , i feel like no one else would have gotten in trouble for it . '  