russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica . uefa has ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation £36,280 . during the game , which took place on march 27 , russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare . players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game . fans holding flares cut intimidating figures from the roof of montenegro 's stadium in podgorica . russia head coach fabio capello scratches his head as players leave the pitch after the match is abandoned . play resumed but trouble erupted between the players in the second half and , with further objects coming from the stands , both teams left the field and german referee deniz aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes . a statement from european football 's governing body read : ' the uefa control , ethics and disciplinary body ( cedb ) met today and announced the following decision in relation to various incidents that occurred during the european qualifiers group g match between montenegro and russia , which was played in podgorica on 27 march . ' the cedb has decided to declare the above-mentioned match as forfeited . as a consequence , the football association of montenegro ( fscg ) is deemed to have lost the game 3-0 . a flare , hurled from the stands , hit the russian keeper on the head in the opening seconds of the game . igor akinfeev is carried off the pitch on a stretcher , which led to an 30 minute delay before play resumed . the keeper was carried off the field to hospital for tests before eventually making a full recovery . ' in addition , the fscg has been ordered to play its next two uefa competition matches as host association behind closed doors . the second match to be played behind closed doors is deferred for a probationary period of two years . finally , the association has been fined 50,000 euros . ' russia did not escape unpunished for their players ' actions and were issued with a 25,000 euro ( £18,143 ) fine . the head of the football association of montenegro ( fscg ) had branded fans who forced the abandonment as ' barbarians ' . montenegro fans light flares from the stands during the euro 2016 qualifier on march 27 . russian fans voice their displeasure after the game is eventually called off . in a statement published on the fsgc 's website the day after the game , the association 's secretary general momir durdevac said : ' the match from the first minute was on the verge of interruption . ' you saw how many people were involved in the organisation , how many times we asked the crowd to refrain from everything . ' but it seems that we do not deserve , neither the country nor the national team , a place in the big competition . riot police clash with montenegrin fans after the game is abandoned following a pitch brawl . ' they are here to disrupt , they are here to be barbarians . when we play against the great teams and great players , they are here to denounce these players , not to enjoy their skills . ' to interrupt the match , to throw something on the pitch , and then chant : ' montenegro , i love you ' - it is such hypocrisy , it 's such primitivism that should not be seen anywhere . ' for me , the game should not have continued after the first minute . '