it 's that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians . with points running out and prizes at a premium , they 're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive . but for those at the top of a claustrophobic championship , the maths is simple — win every game or risk missing out on a potential £120million payday . two points separate four teams , with four games remaining . to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league . middlesbrough were top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves . aitor karanka is not wasting his time on permutations . lee tomlin ( centre ) fires middlesbrough 1-0 ahead against rotherham united in the championship match . middlesbrough boss aitor karanka ( right ) is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures this season . ' we have to win our games , ' said the spaniard . ' i think by winning four games we will get promotion , but it is very difficult . we have to forget the other teams and just concentrate on our games . ' wolves are seven points behind boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after saturday 's 2-1 defeat to midlands rivals birmingham . and head coach kenny jackett admits they have played must-win games for a while . he said : ' it seems to have been that way for about three months , where we have been chasing . ' we have been working hard to make sure the sides at the top do n't get away . it 's good we 're in this position . we want to be a premier league club . ' callum wilson ( left ) is congratulated after scoring his side 's second goal against brighton in their last game . bournemouth boss eddie howe insists that his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table . the championship leaders bournemouth travel to reading . and the message from eddie howe to his team is very much : ' do n't get ahead of yourselves ' . ' with every win , we take it away from some of the teams that have been challenging all season , but i still think it is anyone 's , ' said howe . ' we have to focus on every game , not get complacent , and remember that this league has a habit of throwing up surprises . we want to make sure that we stay strong until the end . ' norwich are the division 's form team having won four on the spin and , ahead of their trip to leeds , manager alex neil said : ' my job is simple . i said it before ( saturday 's 2-1 win at bolton ) we had five left and we had to win every one . now we have four it 's the same . ' bolton wanderers ' josh vela ( left ) and norwich city 's nathan redmond ( right ) battle for the ball . watford are the team sandwiched in third and they have the benefit of seeing how their rivals perform before they take on nottingham forest at the city ground on wednesday . the leading quartet could all guarantee their place in the play-offs at least with midweek victories . but for the chasing pack , four must go into two . derby , ipswich , brentford and wolves are within just one point of each other and must produce title-winning form between now and may 2 to be sure of post-season participation . meanwhile , matters at the bottom of the table have been complicated after rotherham were charged yesterday with fielding an ineligible player . derby loanee farrend rawson played in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday but there is confusion as to whether the defender had already been recalled . rotherham are seven points above the drop zone and will nervously await the outcome of their fa hearing , especially if millwall — with a game in hand — narrow that gap to four with victory over fellow strugglers wigan . elsewhere in the football league this week , bristol city will be championship-bound with a win at bradford city , while jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's burton albion side and shrewsbury could leave league two behind them if they triumph against carlisle and bury respectively — and other results go their way . derby county striker darren bent turns to celebrate scoring a late equaliser against brentford . 