ralph vaughan williams 's lark ascending is the nation 's favourite piece of classic music . the lark ascending has been voted the nation 's favourite piece of classical music . ralph vaughan williams 's work topped the classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes . it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation 's favourite desert island discs tune . british composer vaughan williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by george meredith . he completed the more familiar orchestral version in 1920 . it found a wide audience last year when it was played as hayley , played by julie hesmondhalgh , took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering on coronation street , following a battle with cancer . the top five was completed by rachmaninov 's piano concerto no . 2 , another vaughan williams work fantasia on a theme by thomas tallis , elgar 's enigma variations and beethoven 's piano concerto no . 5 . the full poll - 300 pieces of music in total - also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games , with two of them making the top 20 . music from the final fantasy series , by japanese composer nobuo uematsu , is at number nine while the elder scrolls , composed by bafta award-winner jeremy soule , is at number 11 . john suchet , who presents a weekday show on the station , said : ' twenty years after the very first classic fm hall of fame countdown , i 'm delighted that we 've attracted so many votes for our chart . ' what i find truly exciting is the continued increase in a younger audience for classical music - i did n't expect to be thanking the video game industry for introducing the genre to a new generation of people , but it 's wonderful . ' lark ascending was played as hayley cropper ( julie hesmondhalgh ) took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering on coronation street last year .  1 . vaughan williams - the lark ascending . 2 . rachmaninov - piano concerto no . 2 . 3 . vaughan williams - fantasia on a theme by thomas tallis . 4 . elgar - enigma variations . 5 . beethoven - piano concerto no . 5 ( ' emperor ' ) 6 . allegri - miserere . 7 . beethoven - symphony no . 9 ( ' choral ' ) 8 . mozart - clarinet concerto . 9 . uematsu - final fantasy . 10 . beethoven - symphony no.6 ( ' pastoral ' ) 11 . soule - the elder scrolls . 12 . holst - the planets . 13 . kirkhope - banjo kazooie . 14 . elgar - cello concerto . 15 . bruch - violin concerto no . 1 . 16 . barber - adagio for strings . 17 . pachelbel - canon . 18 . tchaikovsky - 1812 overture . 19 . jenkins - the armed man : a mass for peace . 20 . dvorak - symphony no . 9 ( ' from the new world ' )   