england 's premier bowler jimmy anderson suffered a frustrating day in his bid to become his country 's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th test appearance in antigua . but pace attack colleague chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is ' just around the corner ' as west indies fell to 155 for four in response to england 's first-innings total of 399 . anderson , watched by his parents , wife , two daughters and agent and needing four wickets to overtake the great sir ian botham 's haul of 383 , claimed only one early victim in west indies opener devon smith in his 13 overs , which went for 24 runs and eight maidens . jimmy anderson moved to within two wickets of sir ian botham 's record of 383 test wickets . anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first test in antigua . but even the england back-room staff were surprised that anderson bowled just four overs in the last session of play with team-mates jordan , stuart broad and james tredwell sharing the other wickets to fall . it could have been better but a ben stokes wicket was ruled a no ball . jordan took a stunning slip catch off tredwell to dismiss west indies vice-captain kraigg brathwaite , who claimed after play that he thought anderson ' looked tired ' . but jordan said : ' jimmy got us off and running with the first wicket and the rest of us tried to back that up , which i thought we did pretty well . if he keeps doing that and bowling the way he does those wickets are just around the corner . chris jordan jumps for joy after taking the wicket of darren bravo on the second afternoon . jordan appeals for an lbw against west indian batsman kraigg brathwaite , but it was unsuccessful . ' the stat is obviously there but i do n't think jimmy or any of us are going about our cricket or thinking about things differently . ' we 're just trying to group balls as a bowling unit and create pressure . ' as a group we try and win every session , so we 'll come back as hard as we can to break this partnership then make inroads into the tail . ' ironically , no 11 anderson and jordan were the pick of the lower-order england batsman in a last-wicket partnership of 38 as the west indies bowling attack , inspired by a talk from bowling coach sir curtly ambrose , captured the last five wickets for 58 . west indies opener brathwaite did a good job of seeing off anderson in a challenging first spell and though he eventually fell for 39 , he enjoyed the test . jordan later took a stunning catch at first slip off tredwell 's bowling to dismiss brathwaite . ' obviously when anderson started with the new ball it was moving a lot , so facing him then was a little more challenging . ' but obviously he bowled a couple of overs before lunch as well so i do n't know if maybe he was a little bit tired . ' it was a good challenge facing him when the ball is swinging both ways . the key is to keep as still as possible . ' brathwaite 's knock would probably have lasted longer had anyone other than the athletic jordan been stationed at slip , where he claimed a superb one-handed catch inches off the ground . jordan is , of course , barbados born - a fact not lost on brathwaite . ' it was cj who caught me , a fella from here , so it was quite unlucky . ' about his catch , jordan said : ' it was a reaction one but it rivals my best at this level . '