life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll . life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll . the predicted life spans of women aged 65 , 75 , 85 and 95 fell in 2012 – the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded . by 2013 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011 , a government report shows . for a woman aged 85 , the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less . the study also found that increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled , and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties . if the change becomes a trend , it could mark the end of an expectation by baby boomers that they will continue to live longer and longer . life expectancy for english women is already among the worst in western europe . the findings will add to fears that the rising consumption of alcohol and unhealthy food is taking a terrible toll . poor standards in many care homes and reduced home help could also prompt early deaths , experts say . the deterioration follows three decades in which annual average life expectancy has increased by 1.2 per cent for men aged 65 and 0.7 per cent for women . the study by public health england said it was too early to say whether the change was a long-term one . professor john ashton , president of the uk faculty of public health , said : ‘ one of the issues we have seen is women living lifestyle’s becoming more like those of men over recent decades , with more smoking and drinking . ’ scroll down for video . he also suggested the falls could reflect cutbacks in social care , which he said had been ‘hammered’ in recent years . recent governments had failed to invest in care for an ageing population , professor ashton said , leaving insufficient help for the frail and vulnerable . he added : ‘ there has been a failure of successive governments in that we should have seen that trends were changing , that more people would be living longer and we needed to put services in place to look after them . ‘ we are letting down a generation which came back from the war and built the welfare state . ’ by 2013 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011 , a government report shows . public health england said the fall among women aged 65 was the first since 1995 , while that among those aged 75 had not been seen for nine years . it called the falls statistically significant . since then , the figures for women in their sixties have recovered to their 2011 level , but the 2013 statistics for older women remained worse than those two years earlier . it means average life expectancy for a women of 85 is now two and a half months shorter than in 2011 . health officials need a third year’s data to establish whether the figures from 2012 and 2013 mean life expectancy is levelling off or entering a more worrying decline . the report said : ‘ within england , although female life expectancy at all four ages fell in 2012 , and for males it fell at ages 85 and 95 and remained static at ages 65 and 75 , it is too early to say whether this represents a slowing in the upward trend or the start of a downward trend . ’ public health england said the impact of the recession could be one reason why life expectancy fell in several european countries . flu outbreaks and cold winters may also be to blame . caroline abrahams , of the charity age uk , said : ‘ this decrease in life expectancy , after many years of improvement , is like the canary in the coal mine . it is telling us that something has changed for the worse , so that fewer people are thriving in later life than they could or should . ‘ the most likely culprit is the rapid decline of state-funded social care in recent years , which is leaving hundreds of thousands of older people to struggle on alone at home without any help . ' this decrease in life expectancy , after many years of improvement , is like the canary in the coal mine ' . ‘ more and more older people are living with several incurable conditions and illnesses . determined action now to sustain social care and to support older people with multiple long-term health conditions more effectively can hopefully make this a blip , rather than the start of a terrible trend . ’ despite the new figures , a 65-year-old man in the uk can expect to live 18 years and six months – still almost five and a half more years than 30 years ago . a woman of the same age can expect 21 more years – a gain of almost four years in the last three decades . men of 75 can now expect to live 11 years and 15 weeks , with 13 years five weeks for women , while at 85 , men can expect five years and 42 weeks , and women six years and 42 weeks .