bobby moore 's granddaughter celebrated her wedding with an intimate family celebration in london yesterday . poppy moore , 23 , wed her childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office with only 12 loved ones before hosting a reception for 50 at the mayfair hotel . the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses , which poignantly also contained a picture of her father dean , who died in 2011 aged 43 . scroll down for video . poppy moore married sam myers at chelsea register office yesterday . sam myers with bride poppy , her mum sara and grandmother tina moore at chelsea register office . she wore her hair in a half up-do , with a sixties-style beehive - perhaps in reference to her grandfather 's heyday . her chic dress had white flower detail embroidered on the bodice , while layers of tulle gave the skirt extra volume . among the guests were poppy 's mother sara and her grandmother tina , bobby 's first wife . poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in february , 1993 . the england and west ham legend who captained the 1966 's world cup winning side was only 51 when he lost his battle with bowel cancer . she and bobby 's two other grandchildren freddie and ava marked the 20th anniversary of his death in 2013 by placing the ball on the spot for a west hame home game , the club he captained for ten years . poppy moore poses with her new husband sam myers and mum sara . poppy is also involved with the moore family fund to fight bowel cancer . her mother sara told the mirror : ' bobby would’ve been very proud of his granddaughter and very happy . she is a beautiful young lady and a credit to us all . ' it was a very special day , it was lovely . her father dean would have been so proud of her , too . it’s such a shame that he couldn’t be with us . ' the moore family experienced tragedy when poppy 's father dean died young . poppy , who was just 19 at the time , paid an emotional tribute to ' the best man in my life ' . bobby , who would have been 74 yesterday , met his first wife tina in 1957 and the pair , who lived in chigwell , essex , had two children dean and daughter roberta . they separated in 1984 and divorced in 1986 and bobby got together with stephanie parlane-moore , who he married in 1991 . world cup hero bobby moore holds the trophy aloft after england 's 1966 triumph . poppy ( left ) and bobby moore 's grandchildren freddie moore-hobbs ( centre ) and ava moore-hobbs ( right ) walk out to the pitch before the premiership football match between west ham and tottenham at the upton park stadium , london , 25 february 2013 . 