the latest lover of a notorious father-of-40 has revealed how the pair ca n't keep their hands off each other - and she 's the only woman he now needs for sex . diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women . ms morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex , claiming the two are ' crazy about each other ' and that she trusts him ' completely ' . scroll down for video . diane morris ( right ) claims her and mike holpin 's sex life is ' great ' and has brushed off claims he still uses dating website plenty of fish despite their engagement . ms morris also said the two are ' crazy for each other ' and it does n't bother her that he 's been married three times before . she said : ' mike and i have a great sex life . it used to be once a day when we got together but now we are at it like every other day . ' things are fantastic between us in that department . i trust mike completely and i know his womanising days are over . ' so what if he 's been married three times before but i know this time it is forever . we are crazy for each other . ' mr hopin , a former alcoholic of ebbw vale , south wales , was strongly criticised after admitting he did n't even know the name of some of his 40 children . and ms morris said there would not be any more children for the couple . she said : ' mike would love to have more kids but unfortunately i ca n't due to medical reasons . ' ms morris has a 28-year-old son from a previous relationship and met mr holpin through plenty of fish in 2012 - and he 's still on the site . she says : ' his profile on plenty of fish might be active but i know mike would n't dream of cheating on me . ' i had been single for years and i was instantly attracted to mike . he had lovely blue eyes and he was so charming and witty . ' she added it ' blew her away ' when he revealed how many children he had fathered , but she ' appreciated his honesty ' . she met the former fairground worker - whose favourite chat-up line is ' fancy a rump ? ' - a few weeks after meeting online . mr holpin pictured during an appearance on the tv show this morning late last month . ' we had a cup of tea and a chat back at his place and he showed me pictures of his kids . he was open about his womanising past but he did n't tell me straightaway that he had around 40 kids . ' i have to admit i was stunned when he first told me but by then i was falling for him . ' they pair are now inseparable and spend their days watching horror films and going for long walks . after a year the couple moved in together and got engaged . now the loved-up pair ca n't wait to tie the knot - the fourth time for mr holpin . ms morris said : ' i was overjoyed when he proposed but we have n't set a date yet . we 're saving £50 a month and it will a low key affair at a registry office . of course we will invite all the kids but it 's up to them if they want to come . ' he has been accused of playing computer games for up to 20 hours a day but ms morris insists he is a model fiance . she said : ' mike is on his computer a lot but he always helps me around the house . he mops the floors and chops the vegetables for dinner . ' mr holpin has been receiving benefits for 13 years and admits his £195 a week handouts on his 20-a-day smoking habit , as well as owning games consoles and widescreen tv 's . ms morris has n't worked since her 20 's due to suffering from bipolar disorder . ' mike is an amazing dad and is always there for the kids . he is always around if they need to talk - that 's much more important than material goods . ' she added she ca n't wait to be the fourth mrs holpin , and said : ' people might think i am mad but i really do n't care . mike is a new man and i know we are going to be together forever . ' 