a pregnant model whose sexy selfies featuring her tight abs turned her into an overnight internet sensation has given birth to a healthy baby boy . sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon . and despite her critics ' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to to her unborn child , it seems their fears were unfounded . sarah confirmed to e ! that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth , adding : ' he 's a big healthy boy and he got an apgar score of eight to nine . ' scroll down for video . ready to go : sarah stage took her last pregnancy selfie ( pictured ) on monday , writing : ' still waiting ' . the 30-year-old gave birth to a healthy baby boy named james hunter the next day . feeling hungry : sarah shared this photo of two in-n-out burgers on tuesday afternoon , although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . an apgar score , which stands for appearance , pulse , grimace , activity , respiration , is a quick method for assessing the health of a newborn , with scores of seven or above being considered normal . sarah famously documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure , claiming it could be harmful to her unborn child , their comments never stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.6 million instagram followers . almost there : sarah cradled her baby bump to in a ' sexy ' purple dress to celebrate her 39th week of pregnancy . ' yesterday afternoon , sarah shared a photo of two in-n-out burgers , writing , ' cravings , ' although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . the lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie on monday , which she captioned : ' still waiting # 9months [ sic ] . ' the snapshot of her in a black bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 40,000 times since it was posted , and has earned nearly 4,000 comments . and sarah , who is of european and costa rican descent , took to instagram last week to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet # babyjames . ' many women noted that they found sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . so soon : pregnant model sarah stage snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump 10 days before she was supposed to give birth to her son . haters gon na hate : sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . proud of her bump : sarah struck various photos for these selfies of herself in her underwear . ' i 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . you look absolutely gorgeous @ sarahstage # amazing [ sic ] , ' one fan wrote . ' you look absolutely lovely . hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ' if i ever have children , i 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . i 'm sure james will be amazing ! congratulations . ' others compared their figures to pregnant sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ? ! lord jesus help us all ! i look like this after dinner [ sic ] . ' ' i look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . meanwhile , some people suggested that her son would be as tiny as she is - although now it seems that their fears about the young boy 's size were unfounded . bump to bump : sarah and her friend compared their growing bellies for this playful picture . just like dad : sarah shared this adorable photo of matching father and son timberland boots . ' baby james will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . and when she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the new mother regularly shared pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . last week , sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized timberland boots , writing : ' daddy & baby shoe game [ sic ] . ' and despite her critics , sarah refused to hide her then-eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . stylish mom : sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she is wearing in this picture . looking good : sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ' date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant , two weeks before james was born . she shunned baggy dresses and instead dressed her bump in fitted lycra or nothing at all . the fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and captures herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , sarah continued to proudly model whilst carrying . two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ' btw if you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ' i 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . ca n't wait to meet james ! # nfg # 37weeks [ sic ] . '