thierry henry hailed ' the detective ' francis coquelin for his midfield display in arsenal 's hard-fought victory over burnley at turf moor . the former gunners striker said that coquelin was his man of the match in arsenal 's 1-0 win , and he labelled the 23-year-old ' columbo ' . coquelin played a key role in aaron ramsey 's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a burnley pass and got his team on the front foot . thierry henry hailed the display of francis coquelin in arsenal 's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor . henry was speaking on sky sports ' coverage of the premier league encounter on saturday night . speaking on sky sports ' coverage of the premier league encounter , henry said : ' i thought he was brilliant today . he was our man of the match . he senses the danger and is there straight away . ' coquelin joined arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at lorient , freiburg and most recently charlton . this season , though , the frenchman has capitalised on some injuries in his position by impressing in his role as arsenal 's holding midfielder . coquelin was arsenal 's man of the match , according to former gunners striker henry . the 23-year-old midfielder plays a pass under pressure from burnley 's david jones . henry added : ' he went away a bit before coming back to arsenal and maybe that helped him . ' maybe he realised `` i do n't want to go on loan anymore . i want to play and show everyone i can play for arsenal '' . ' he understood he had to be that type of player to play for arsenal . ' arsenal celebrated their eighth straight premier league victory with a 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor . arsenal manager arsene wenger also praised the mental strength of coquelin after seeing his team record their eighth straight league win . wenger said : ' he gives the ball quickly and well and is good technuically . overall he has contributed to the balance of the team . ' this is a player who has been with us for seven years . sometimes you have to be patient . i 'm very happy for him because it shows great mental strength . '