jake shaw , 21 , died after falling from the upper floor of the scout centre in the swiss alps where he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor . a popular graduate fell to his death from a bedroom window in the swiss alps after playing drinking games , an inquest heard . jake shaw was just beginning his gap year - volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre - when the tragedy occurred last year . the 21-year-old had fallen 25ft ( 8m ) from the upper floor of the building in the early hours of august 1 . he was airlifted to hospital in bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later . lincoln coroner 's court heard that shortly before his death , jake had been celebrating the swiss national day with friends with drinking games called ' power hour ' and ' ring of fire . ' after consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at the centre he returned to his room at around 2.45am in a ' very drunk state ' . it is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window at the adventure camp in interlaken , switzerland . today lincolnshire central assistant coroner paul smith , concluded that jake 's death was an accident . he said : ' the level of alcohol in his body was consistent with 11 standard drinks . ' it 's the presumption that he was undeniably very drunk that evening - how that affected his balance is a matter of speculation . ' the most likely explanation is that in his state he took himself to bed , opened the window and perhaps overbalanced and fell . ' i 'm satisfied that this was a tragic accident . ' the court heard how in the game ' power hour ' , participants have to drink a shot of beer every minute for an hour and if completed two and a half litres of beer is consumed . a police report read out during the inquest , added : ' examinations indicated that the august 1 celebrations were followed by a private party which jake had attended . ' there were group games with drinks in the staff room . jake had probably drank a large amount of mainly beer . after consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at kandersteg international scout centre he returned to his room at around 2.45am in a ' very drunk state ' . shortly before his death , adventure-loving jake had been celebrating the swiss national day with friends with drinking games called ' power hour ' and ' ring of fire ' . ' at some time after 2.45am he came away in an alcoholised state without letting anyone know where he was going . ' it must be presumed he returned to his room . how the fall happened ca n't be established in any detail . ' jake , from welton , lincolnshire had graduated with a maths degree from sheffield university and had just started a gap year at the time of his death . the keen mountaineer and skier was planning to spend the winter season in the nearby french alps . his devastated parents , ian , 51 , and fiona shaw , 52 , wrote a joint statement about their son which was read out during the inquest . in it they said : ' jake was intelligent , reliable , easy going and a loveable young man . he loved life , his friends and his family , and his passions were music and climbing . ' he had plans for next year mapped out to live life to the full . ' we are happy he was having a great time in the place he loved . ' jake , who loved the outdoors , was just beginning his gap year by volunteering as a climbing instructor when the tragedy occurred . the keen mountaineer and skier was planning to spend the winter season in the nearby french alps before his tragic death . at the time of his death mother fiona , a speech and language therapist , said : ' jake was very gifted , the best son in the world who became my rock - he was dependable and made me laugh . ' he was intelligent and very funny , with a dry sense of humour . ' although jake was taken from us at only 21 , they were great years and jake was fortunate to have had so many marvellous experiences and done so much in his life . ' ian , a human resources manager , added : ' we are a very close family and we are all so proud of jake . ' the countless messages we have received from his wide circle of friends have made us realise just how popular and loved by others he was . ' jake was an avid reader and he really knew what was going on in the world.. . he followed loads of sports , especially football , cycling and cricket . ' he did things i never achieved through his mountaineering trips abroad and we followed his achievements with pride . i 'll really miss going out walking and climbing with him . '