patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature . but researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin , and the mysterious fairy circles in namibia . while the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random , as if the landscape is marked with freckles , the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells . researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the namibian desert . the illustration on the left shows the distribution of skin cells , and the one on the right plots fairy circles , which are also arranged in polygons . ‘ it 's a completely amazing , strange match , ’ said professor robert sinclair , head of the mathematical biology unit at okinawa institute of science and technology graduate university ( oist ) in japan . desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form . found in namibia , they are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter ( three metres to 20 metres ) that are ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon , or big freckles . several teams of scientists are trying to explain the bizarre markings , and suggestions have included termites nibbling grass , zebras rolling in circles , competition for resources , hydrocarbons emanating from the depths of the earth to kill off patches of vegetation and even aliens . desert fairy circles ( pictured ) are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because it is now known how they form . found in namibia , they are large barren patches of earth ringed by short grass dotting the desert like craters on the moon , or big freckles . now , professor sinclair and haozhe zhang believe they have identified a small , but vital , piece of the puzzle by comparing their distribution to skin cells . the duo compared the number of ' neighbours ' adjacent to fairy circles and skin cells , according to the study published in ecological complexity . they used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries that look similar to cell walls . the majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six ' neighbours ' , and similar percentages of other neighbours ( shown in this graph ) . the computer then counted how many neighbours surrounded each fairy circle . another group of researchers had calculated skin cell neighbours in a similar way several years ago , which was used as a comparison . the experts found that the results were almost identical , in that both the majority of skin cells and fairy circles had six neighbours . and the percentage of fairy circles with four , five , six , seven , eight and nine neighbours was essentially the same as the skin cells . ‘ i did n't expect it to be so close , ’ professor sinclair said . ‘ we spent a lot of time checking because it really looked too close to believe . ’ mr zhang , a phd student at iowa state university who was previously at oistsaid that future mathematical models designed to explain how fairy rings are made should incorporate the results of this study . the researchers suspect the patterns might be similar because both skin cells and fairy circles are fighting for space . professor sinclair said : ‘ it is still difficult to say why exactly they are similar , but the fact that they are similar is already very important . ‘ this is suggesting there may be such types of patterns that cover really different size scales . ’ huge swathes of grassland in namibia is covered with mysterious vegetation-free patches that have been baffling scientists for decades . while a number of studies have suggested the fairy circles are created by industrious termites , research last may claimed they are the result of resource competition for water among plants . german researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles and found that they are ‘ remarkably regular’ in their distribution , which made them question the termite theory . experts from various institutions have previously claimed that termites nibble away at grassroots in certain grasslands of southwest africa , causing the dieback of vegetation and creating a water trap . last year , german researchers analysed the spatial distribution of the fairy circles ( pictured in the marienfluss valley ) and found that they are ' remarkably regular ' in their distribution . there is a no vegetation growth within the circular area . the genesis of a fairy circle has not been observed . their occurrence appears to be restricted to particularly arid zones at the border of grassland and desert regions , according to the study published in the journal ecography , where there is intense resource-competition for water . dr getzin 's team was joined by experts from göttingen in germany , italy and israel who studied aerial images of the circles in north west namibia to pinpoint the location and distribution of the barren patches within the surrounding landscape . using statistical methods , they found that the circles are distributed regularly across large areas . ‘ the occurrence of such patterning in nature is rather unusual . there must be particularly strong regulating forces at work , ’ dr getzin said . he believes it is the local resource-competition among plants and vegetation , in a similar way to how young trees space themselves out in forests to ensure they have access to enough nutrients and water . ‘ a similar process of resource-competition may consequently also be the real cause for a self-organising formation of the mysterious fairy circle patterns , ’ the study says . the scientists simulated underground competition for water and the spatial vegetation distribution patterns . they found that similar patterns emerged on the screen to those recorded in namibia .