this gruesome video shows how a man popped a huge cyst in his arm with a needle , screwdriver and a pair of pliers . the man , known only as jason , from vancouver , uploaded the clip to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment . it begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist . he says : ' we have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver . ' it should be pretty cool . ' the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube of his unique way of popping a cyst - using a needle , a pair of pliers and a screwdriver . pictured is his sister in law putting the needle into the swelling . as jason 's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver , he emits loud cries of pain . first , he lays his left arm down on some kitchen roll on a table so the lump is easily accessible . his sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with a pair of pliers as he winces . she then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth . sharp cries of pain are heard from jason with each hit . astonishingly , though the process seems too agonising to bear , jason says : ' i think we can go a little deeper ' . after one last hammer – which was once again met with a loud moan – he says : ' it 's in there pretty good . now we 've got to pull it out . dr arun ghosh , a private gp in liverpool , condemned jason 's method of popping his cyst with a needle , pliers and a screwdriver . he told mailonline : ' we advise not draining minor ganglions . ' they just get bigger and bigger . we only drain it if they are very large and hindering the use of the hand . 'it’s wrong to pop a ganglion with a needle and a screwdriver on so many levels . traditionally , ganglions would be ' bashed with the family bible ' , but doctors do not advise this . ' from a hygiene point of view you’ve got to sterilise your equipment . we would never insert a needle that would be used in the house . they are covered in millions of bacteria . ' you can never control the force by using a screwdriver , and that’s dangerous . ' there are very fine arteries and nerves in the hand , and they’re so easy to damage . ' if they are damaged you get irreversible pain . if you think how often you use your hand that can be debilitating . ' there used to be a myth that you should bash a ganglion with a family bible to burst it . 'that’s caused problems with the fluid going into the wrist joint , causing carpel tunnel syndrome : swelling inside the wrist . ' if we did treat it , we’d do a needle aspiration , which means sucking out the glue-like pus . ' but that would be what is known as `` aseptic '' , meaning the pus would be drawn out into the syringe and would never touch the wound , to prevent infection . ' we would also do it under ultrasound so as not to damage the fine veins and arteries in the hand . ' if you have a ganglion or a swelling you must go to your gp and they will advise whether its ok or whether it’s best to be left alone . ' then it will be followed up and receive proper after care . ' ' i 'm going to see if we can get the fluid squirting out if it does . ' moments later , he takes the needle out and asks the camera to zoom in on his arm . as he squeezes the cyst , sticky , translucent jelly comes rushing out and gathers in a pea-sized ball . ' let 's see what the consistency looks like , ' he said as he rubs the gluey substance between two fingers . he adds : ' this is probably the grossest thing i 've ever seen – since the last time i 've done this . ' this will probably do the trick for three or so months until i have to pop it again . ' uploading the video to youtube under the name ' the wrist cyst ' , he promises to upload another video in another three months time when he pops the cyst again . unsurprisingly , medical professionals do not advise using jason 's method to treat lumps found on the body . dr arun ghosh , a private gp in liverpool , explains that jason 's cyst is a ganglion , a fluid-filled swelling that develops near a joint or a tendon . they are made up of a thick jelly-like fluid called synovial fluid , which surrounds joints and tendons to lubricate them during movement - and occur when this fluid leaks out and collects under the skin . ganglions can occur alongside any joint in the body , but are most commonly found on the wrist , hand and fingers . generally harmless , if they do not cause any pain , they can be left alone and will disappear without any treatment . dr ghosh said : ' we advise not draining minor ganglions . they just get bigger and bigger . we only drain it if they are very large and hindering the use of the hand . ' a ganglion is a fluid-filled sack . if you start the drainage process , the bigger and bigger the sack will fill . ' this is the issue this gentleman has caused , he’ll need to drain it more often . ' traditionally , ganglions were treated by being ' bashed with the family bible ' , but this is no longer recommended , as this could cause the fluid to disperse and cause carpel tunnel syndrome - a swelling in the wrist - he added . dr ghosh added jason 's method was also not advisable either . he told mailonline : 'it’s wrong to pop a ganglion with a needle and a screwdriver on so many levels . it’s unhygienic , you can’t control the force and you could damage the nerves in the hand . ' from a hygiene point of view you’ve got to sterilise your equipment . we would never insert a needle that would be used in the house . they are covered in millions of bacteria . ' you can never control the force by using a screwdriver , and that’s dangerous . ' there are very fine arteries and nerves in the hand , and they’re so easy to damage . if they are damaged you get irreversible pain . if you think how often you use your hand that can be debilitating . ' he removes the needle and squeezes the cyst , and a ball of sticky , see-through jelly-like fluid emerges . jason rubs his fingers together to show the sticky consistency of the fluid that comes out of the growth , which doctors explain is synovial fluid , which surrounds joints and tendons to lubricate them . at the end of the video , jason says the cyst will need draining again in three months . but doctors strongly advise against his method - and say ganglions do not normally require treatment . if the cyst needs treatment , the fluid should be drained out with a needle and syringe by a doctor , or cut out in a surgical procedure . dr ghosh added : ' if we did treat it , we’d do a needle aspiration , which means sucking out the glue-like pus . ' but that would be what is known as `` aseptic '' , meaning the pus would be drawn out into the syringe and would never touch the wound , to prevent infection . ' we would also do it under ultrasound so as not to damage the fine veins and arteries in the hand . ' if you have a ganglion or a swelling you must go to your gp and they will advise whether its ok or whether it’s best to be left alone . ' then it will be followed up and receive proper after care . ' 