scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country 's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent - a reduction in spending so severe it 's damaging the country 's financial growth . under the new scottish drink-drive law , enacted on december 5 , the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg . and the effect of the drop in sales is so severe , it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest bank of scotland pmi report . scotland 's tough new drink driving law is being blamed for stalling the country 's financial growth . donald macrae , chief economist at bank of scotland , said : ' manufacturing exporters have been affected by the falling euro while services businesses in hospitality are seeing a changing pattern of spending resulting from the lowered alcohol limit while driving . ' the report follows a february study which revealed the country 's bar sales had dropped by 60 per cent when the new limit was introduced . publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban . paul waterson , chief executive of the scottish licensed trade association , told the independent the new law - which matches limits across much of continental europe - was a ' form of prohibition ' . he said : 'it’s stopped people having a drink at lunchtime , or having a drink on the way home from work . people aren’t coming in for food with their families on a sunday afternoon . hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work . ' we feel it’s had an effect far worse than the smoking ban had in 2006 . there’s questions being asked about the future of the trade – it’s probably the last nail in the coffin for independent operators . ' the february study , carried out by purchasing firm beacon , revealed there was a surge in interest in non-alcoholic drinks and smaller glass sizes . tennant hilditch , director of sales , said the first two months of the new drink driving laws had shown a ' real impact ' on the country 's hospitality industry . he said : ' traditional lunchtime drinkers , or post-golf drinkers in the clubhouse have been particularly affected by the new rules . ' so much so , that we are seeing demand for smaller glasses , weaker beers , a trend towards introducing earlier lunch sittings so guests or golfers can stay longer and do not return to the roads as quickly , as well as an increased interest in `` mocktails '' . ' in the wake of the law change , police scotland assistant chief constable bernard higgins encouraged drinkers to ' leave the car at home ' if they were planning to go for a drink . he said : ' there is no safe amount of alcohol in the body if you drive . it is clear when it comes to drinking and driving , that the simple `` the best advice is none '' message is the right one . ' while the limit brings scotland in line with the rest of europe , it is significantly lower than that of england and wales - which remains at 80mg per 100ml of blood .