last week qatar 's constellation group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns claridge 's , the connaught and the berkeley hotel . the eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the qatari ruling family , who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties – including the shard – in an attempt to win a place in the british establishment . they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million , and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk . just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for £2.6 billion . last year , the oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of royal ascot . and the £100 million restoration of dudley house , the uk 's most expensive house , was completed this year . the gulf state may have been accused of helping to fund islamic extremists and bribing officials to host the 2022 world cup – both charges denied , of course . but as this investigation shows , london is rapidly becoming qataropolis… . cornwall terrace , marylebone . current estimated value - £200 million . one cornwall terrace was snapped up in 2011 by a company registered in the british virgin islands . the two adjoining cornwall terrace properties were purchased two years later by an offshore firm in the isle of man . the properties have now been knocked into one mega-mansion , and belong to her royal highness sheikha mozah bint nasser al missned , the wife of the former emir . one hyde park , knightsbridge . current estimated value – £150 million . sheikh hamad bin jassim bin jaber al thani purchased three apartments at one hyde park – including the luxury penthouse – for an estimated £120 million back in 2008 . known as ' hbj ' , sheikh hamad was the prime minister of qatar between 2007 and 2013 , and the country 's foreign minister for 11 years before that . the gulf state 's rulers converted three prime properties on cornwall terrace in london 's regent 's park into a huge mansion worth £200million . sheikh hamad bin jassim bin jaber al thani purchased three apartments at one hyde park – including the luxury penthouse – for an estimated £120 million back in 2008 . park street , mayfair . current estimated value - £13 million . this property , which was snapped up for £11.6 million last year , is somewhat confusingly registered under multiple names . several of the listed owners are women , including aisha ahmad jabor al ahmad al thani , alanoud ahmad jabor ahmed al thani , and dada ahmad jabor al ahmad al thaniqa . they are believed to be relatives of sheikh ahmad jabor al ahmad al thani . davies street , mayfair . current estimated value – £12 million . his excellency sheikh mohammed bin fahed al thani bought this mansion in june 2014 for £9,450,000 . a director of qatar airways , the sheikh graduated from the royal military academy at sandhurst in 1976 and was appointed chief of military police in 1977 , before going on to found the country 's special forces units . he has since held several prominent positions in the qatari government . this property , which was snapped up for £11.6 million last year , is somewhat confusingly registered under multiple names . his excellency sheikh mohammed bin fahed al thani bought this mansion in davies street , mayfair , for £9,450,000 in june 2014 . fulmer rise , fulmer . current estimated value - £8 million . this victorian red-brick manor in the buckinghamshire village of fulmer was purchased in march last year for an eye-watering £7,075,000 . the property is registered in the names of four different al thani sheikhs , who are believed to be from the sharjah branch of the qatari ruling family . one of the riskier al thanis , who goes by the name of moe , is a self-styled adventurer who has climbed mount everest . trevor place , knightsbridge . current estimated value – £40 million . these were originally two separate properties in knightsbridge – one on trevor place and one on trevor square . they were purchased together for £29.2 million last year by sheikh hamad bin jassim bin faisal al thani , sheikh abdullah bin hamad bin jassiam al thani and sheikh mohamed hamad bin jassim al thani – all senior members of the ruling family . the site is now one property . sheikh al thani converted two separate properties in knightsbridge – one on trevor place and one on trevor square - into £40million home . curzon street , mayfair . current estimated value – £50 million . sheikh mohammed bin khalifa hamad al thani , who was at one point the deputy prime minister of qatar , purchased this curzon street mansion for a staggering £37.5 million in 2006 using an offshore firm registered in jersey to complete the deal . the imposing corner mansion , a stone 's throw away from park lane , was sold with the benefit of a 125-year lease . belgrave square , belgravia . current estimated value – £80 million . the brother of the emir , who plays a key international role as his ' personal representative ' , bought this double-fronted mansion in 2009 . the property has been described as a ' jewel in their crown ' , and its value has leapt over the past six years . sheikh jassim bin hamad al thani 's house is now worth around £80 million . good thing he bought it with a 125-year lease then . park lane , mayfair . current estimated value – £100 million . sheikh hamad bin abdullah al thani bought dudley house for £22,410,000 , and it has undergone an extensive six-year refurbishment . the house is packed with expensive art and is run like downton abbey . staff wear white tie and tails for lavish dinner parties at what is now the largest and most expensive home in the uk – a place that allegedly caused the queen to remark that it made buckingham palace look ' rather dull ' by comparison . at the tender age of 33 , the wealthy owner is the first cousin of the current emir of qatar and the nephew of the previous emir . sheikh al thani , who was at one point the deputy prime minister of qatar , purchased this curzon street mansion for a staggering £37.5 million in 2006 using an offshore firm registered in jersey to complete the deal . the brother of the emir , who plays a key international role as his ' personal representative ' , bought this double-fronted mansion in 2009 . staff wear white tie and tails for lavish dinner parties at what is now the largest and most expensive home in the uk – a place that allegedly caused the queen to remark that it made buckingham palace look ' rather dull ' by comparison .