poet : sappho declared her love for women . the greek island of lesbos may be inextricably linked to the idea of female homosexuality – but in ancient times it was a notorious sexual playground for straight men , who found the local women irresistible . in a new bbc documentary , former apprentice star margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism . professor edith hall from king 's college london tells the programme : ' lesbos had a very particular reputation for producing very beautiful women . they really were supposed to be the sexiest people in the entire greek world . ' she added that , in the ancient greek world , the word ' lesbian ' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man . professor hall also explained that the fact that lesbos was closer to turkey than athens only added to the sexual allure of the women . she said : ' they also had a very interesting accent which would have sounded almost oriental to the athenians . they were nearer asia so their greek accent would have been inflected like that . ' mountford then describes the island as ' the sex tourism capital of the ancient aegean ' . the programme examines the life and legacy of the female poet sappho , who lived on the island around 600bc . she was one of the great writers of the ancient world , and wrote poems which appeared to be declarations of love for other women . as a result , both ' sapphic ' and the name of the island have now become synonymous with lesbianism – although such usage only started in the 19th century . in 2008 , residents of the island lost a legal fight to ban the use of the word ' lesbian ' to describe gay women , arguing that the term violated their human rights and ' disgraced ' them around the world . in the documentary , mountford travels to lesbos to try to uncover the truth about sappho 's life . the poet is believed to have had a daughter , and mountford explores the differences between the ancient greek concept of homosexuality and our own . lesbos had a particular reputation for producing very beautiful women , the tv show will reveal . modern day comparison : the island of lesbos was the magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism . professor james davidson said the willingness of the ancient greeks to embrace both male and female homosexuality may have been as much social as sexual . he said : ' societies are strange and societies do strange things . this is a really peculiar cultural phenomenon . instead of greek homosexuality , i think it should be called greek homo-besottedness . ' it is always over the top . it is always so extreme . ' the whole phenomenon of greek homosexuality for men and for women seems to be a kind of cultural and social institution . ' they are using it as a way of social cohesion to break out of family groups and to establish communities . ' sappho was a phenomenon but any kind of genius still follows the culture of their time . ' sappho : love and life on lesbos with margaret mountford will be shown on bbc four on may 6 . 