we are used to seeing celebrities airbrushed to perfection but this weekend two fabulous famous females have spoken out about their normal bodies . model chrissy teigen proudly showed off her stretch marks in an instagram post that has been praised by her fans . and the singer pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband carey hart . scroll down for video . model chrissy teigen was praised this week as she posted a picture of herself to instagram showing off her stretch marks . chrissy 's fans were happy that she shared the picture , with one of them commenting that ' real women ' have stretch marks . chrissy , 29 , posted the picture of her thighs which had clear stretch marks on them saying : ' bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week . stretchies say hi ! ' she received praise from many fans , such as instagram user @ saraelizabef who said : ' love it ! real women have stretch marks # respect ' . another follower , @ emmalittle5 , commented : ' i have so much respect for you ! i have stretchies too and i appreciate someone being real about them and acknowledging them thanks . ' meanwhile , pink took to twitter to speak out against those who had commented on her weight at an event she attended to support a doctor friend . she said : ' i can see that some of you are concerned about me from your comments about my weight . 'you’re referring to the pictures of me from last night’s cancer benefit that i attended to support my dear friend dr maggie dinome . the singer pink hit back at those who criticised her weight at an event recently , saying that she was happy with her body . in a message posted to her twitter account pink jokingly referred to herself as ' cheesecake ' and said that she felt beautiful in her dress . she continued : ' she was given the duke award for her tireless efforts and stellar contributions to the eradication of cancer . but unfortunately , my weight seems much more important to some of you . ' while i admit that the dress didn’t photograph as well as it did in my kitchen , i will also admit that i felt very pretty . in fact , i feel beautiful . ' so , my good and concerned peoples , please don’t worry about me . i’m not worried about me . and i’m not worried about you either : ) … . ' i am perfectly fine , perfectly happy , and my healthy , voluptuous and crazy strong body is having some much deserved time off . thanks for your concern . love , cheesecake . ' and chrissy and pink are n't the first stars to make comments about their bodies or to be keen to show off their more natural selves . kelly clarkson recently gave an interview to ellen degeneres in which she said that she was used to being bullied about her weight . recently kelly clarkson gave an interview to american chat show host ellen degeneres in which she discussed how she had been facing criticism for her weight for years . she said : 'i’m such a creative person that i yo yo . so sometimes i’m more fit and i get into kickboxing hardcore . and then sometimes i don’t and i’m like.. i’d rather have wine . ' ' we are who we are . whatever size , ' kelly told ellen , prompting applause from the studio audience . ' you know , if it’s you , you’re just like whatever , ' she said . ' i think what hurts my feelings ... .. is that i’ll have a meet and greet after the show and a girl who is , like , bigger than me will be in the meet and greet and be like , ' wow , if they think you’re big , i must be so fat to them . ' in 2012 girls star and producer lena dunham hit back after she was criticised for wearing a pair of short shorts on the red carpet . in 2012 lena dunham recieved harsh criticism for this outfit . she said she did n't think a thinner woman would have been criticised in the same way . lena told her critics : ' i am going to live to be 100 , and i am going to show my thighs every day till i die . ' she said at the time : ' last week i wore something to an event ... a big top and little shorts , and a bunch of [ blog posts ] came out that i had been out without pants [ trousers ] , ' ' i actually saw it ... ' love it or hate it : the no-pants look . ' my mom ... thought it was so funny . ' my boyfriend was like , ' people seem to be worked up about you going out without pants . ' but i did n't go out without pants ! i had shorts on . ' lena continued : ' if olivia wilde had gone to a party in ... little shorts , she might have been on a ' weird dressed list ' or been told her outfit was cute . ' i do n't think a girl with tiny thighs would have received such no-pants attention . i think what it really was ... ' why did you all make us look at your thighs ? ' ' my response is , get used to it because i am going to live to be 100 , and i am going to show my thighs every day till i die . ' tyra banks ' weight has gone up and down over the years and the model says that anyone who does n't like the way she looks can kiss her fat a** . former supermodel tyra banks similarly hit back after she was subject to mean remarks about her fuller figure . she said : ' to all of you that have something nasty to say about me , or other women that are built like me , women that sometimes or all the time look like this , women whose names you know , women whose names you do n't , women who have been picked on , women whose husbands put them down , women at work or girls in school — i have one thing to say to you . kiss my fat a** ! ' in 2014 when she was criticised for her appearance at the golden globes actress gabourey sidibe had the perfect response to her haters . she said : ' to the people making mean comments about my [ golden globes ] pics , i mos def cried about it on that private jet on the way to my dream job last night # jk . ' 