holy smokes ! researchers found the bombardier beetle ( pictured ) mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ' reaction chamber ' . a beetle with a machine gun built into its rear end sounds like something from a comic or sci-fi film - or the stuff of nightmares . but researchers have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics this powerful weapon by mixing chemicals in an internal ' reaction chamber ' in its stomach . when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ' gun smoke ' . it can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker . this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona . many beetles secrete foul-smelling or bad-tasting chemicals from their abdomens to ward off predators , but bombardier beetles take it a step further . when threatened , they combine chemicals in an explosive chamber in their abdomen to simultaneously heat and propel their defensive load as a boiling hot spray . assistant professor moore , from the department of entomology at the university , has published a paper along with her team that not only reveals the beetle 's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail , but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their incredible rapid-fire capabilities . ' understanding how these beetles produce - and survive - repetitive explosions could provide new design principles for technologies such as blast mitigation and propulsion , ' she said . the study was led by doctoral student eric arndt and christine ortiz in the department of materials science and engineering at massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) in cambridge . arndt and ortiz teamed up with professor moore to study the anatomy of the beetle 's reaction chamber , which is constructed of cuticle , a composite of chitin , proteins and waxes . the material , which also makes up the exoskeleton of insects , protects the beetle from the toxic chemicals , high temperatures and high pressures during explosions . a real hot shot ! the research , including video footage ( shown above ) not only reveals the beetle 's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail , but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the bugs achieve their rapid-fire capabilities . the mechanism of the bombardier beetle 's spray pulsation had not been understood because previous studies , relying on external observations , could not probe exactly what happens inside the reaction chamber of the chemical gun . african bombardier beetles can accurately hit targets in any direction . researchers at cornell university snapped another type of bombardier beetle , stenaptinus insignis ' attack in 1999 , to reveal they use the explosive defensive mechanism to buy time when they are under attack . the beetle is quite vulnerable on the ground because unlike most insects such as bees and flies , it ca n't take off instantly . this means that the slow process of unfurling its wings could cost the insect its life if under attack from ants , for example . so it attacks its attackers in turn , giving it time to get airborne . the spray itself contains p-benzoquinones - compounds known for their irritant properties . the chemicals are stored separately in the creature 's abdomen and then combine explosively , explaining why they are ejected at such high speed and at 100 c . 'twenty-five years ago , a team of scientists from cornell university and mit discovered that each blast from the bombardier beetle is actually a series of extraordinarily fast micro-pulses , ' assistant professor moore said . ' what was n't known is what causes each discharge to be pulsed , like a machine gun . ' previous researchers suggested that the pulses were caused by muscle contractions or by a fluttering of the exit duct during the explosions . ' using enzymes that digest muscle and fat , the researchers cleaned the reaction chamber , which enabled them to examine it under a microscope . while studying the shape of the reaction chamber , they noticed that some regions of the chamber wall were thin and not as strong as others , and that one region near the mixing valve looked particularly thin . they predicted that this thin cuticle would be displaced by the force of the reactions in such a way that it would impinge upon the valve - temporarily shutting off the flow of reactants . to investigate this hypothesis , the team directly observed the internal dynamics of spray pulsation in live brachinus elongatulus beetles , a type of bombardier beetle , which is found throughout southern arizona . of 500 beetles , the researchers were able to record 30 discharges from 14 individuals . this was enough to provide high-definition , high-speed video of what happens inside a bombardier beetle 's reaction chamber when it goes off . all guns blazing : 'twenty-five years ago , a team of scientists from cornell university and mit discovered that each blast from the bombardier beetle is actually a series of extraordinarily fast micro-pulses , ' assistant professor moore said , which led to the machine gun analogy . a stock image of a machine gun is shown . it turns out the pulses are generated in a passive way , not through an active process involving muscle contraction , as previously thought . as the chemicals pass through a valve into the reaction chamber , they mix with enzymes and explosively liberate oxygen gas , water vapor and heat , propelling a hot , noxious spray down the nozzle and out the exit pore . each explosion inside the chamber forces a highly elastic region of the chamber wall - the thin cuticular area moore found in her earlier dissections - to expand and impinge on the valve that separates the two chambers , temporarily cutting off the flow of reactants and resulting in a pulsed delivery . ' it turns out the expansion membrane of the reaction chamber acts as a passive closure mechanism , which is something that had not been described or even predicted before this study , ' professor moore said . ' we also discovered that the chamber 's anatomy varies between female and male beetles . ' while it is still not completely clear why it might be beneficial to the beetle to have a pulsed delivery , she suspects that dividing the spray into very short , rapid pulses allows the beetle to sustain the energy of the blast and its small body size at the same time . ' by having a pulsed delivery , these small beetles produce a relatively large amount of defensive spray , which they can aim precisely and with great force and speed , ' she said . ' this is truly one of the most remarkable and elegant defensive mechanisms documented to date . ' when threatened , the bombardier beetle repeatedly fires streams of liquid from its rear , complete with ' gun smoke ' . the expulsion of fluid is shown in the images above , which come from a 1999 study that found another bug , stenaptinus insignis , uses its weapon to ' buy time ' when under attack because it ca n't fly away .