it is little over a year since alan pardew became involved in a rather ugly touchline confrontation with manuel pellegrini while managing newcastle . pardew was warned about his behaviour by the fa and wrote to pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him . on monday at selhurst park , pardew , now manager of crystal palace , meets pellegrini and manchester city again having taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive . after taking advice from the league managers’ association , the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer jeremy snape , now a sports psychologist . alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t ' during premier league encounter back in . the touchline spat occurred during a premier league match between newcastle and man city in january 2014 . ‘ my natural instinct is to be aggressive in the way my teams play , ’ pardew told the bbc . ‘ but i have had to learn from my own experiences and not get too involved in that myself . jeremy has helped me on the sidelines in terms of focusing on what i can control . ‘ all the times i have been in trouble ( i have reacted ) when i felt an injustice so when those issues arise now , i know not to react and that is when i switch the off button . ’ pellegrini’s team are under a little pressure . now trailing neighbours manchester united ahead of sunday’s derby at old trafford , pellegrini knows he must lift his side from a run of results that has seen them lose touch with leaders chelsea . crystal palace boss pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of england 's top sides . pardew feels he would make a decent job of managing a top-four team if given the chance . ‘ i look at the top teams and feel i could do that job better than i’m seeing it being done . but if i work in this part of the league for the rest of my career i will be extremely happy , ’ he said . pellegrini said recently he felt his city squad lacked one really big player . this week , he explained : ‘ well , it is just the way of thinking , that big teams need to sign a big player . it is very difficult to do it every year — but every two years you must do it . ’ 