a californian man who was abandoned as a baby had a chance to meet the man who saved him from a dumpster 25 years ago . when robin barton , 25 , was just four hours old , now-retired santa ana police officer michael buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21 , 1989 . he had heard the sound of a ' very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster , but after moving some trash he discovered barton 's infant body . scroll down for video . robin barton was rescued by michael buelna after he was abandoned as an infant ( left ) . the two met for the first time since the incident , which occurred 25 years ago , last week and embraced ( right ) . barton ( left ) is now 25 years old and said it was ' wonderful ' to finally meet buelna ( right ) , who saved his life when barton was just four hours old and his mother abandoned him behind a dumpster . ' i noticed the umbilical cord and he was covered , he still had all the mucus and stuff and all the trash and gravel was sticking to him , ' buelna told abc . ' i tried to give him a tiny little bit of breath and he reacted a little bit . ' though buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy , who weight just 4lb 2oz , and name him adam , barton 's adoptive parents , elizabeth barton and daniel fernandez of orange county , beat him to it . barton and his adoptive parents had the chance to meet with buelna last week . it was the first time buelna has seen barton since he was abandoned . ' nice . wonderful to finally have met you , to see the man who found me first , ' barton said to buelna , according to cbs los angeles . barton was adopted by elizabeth barton and daniel fernandez of orange county and he said he was ' blessed with a great family ' . buelna said he shares a special bond with barton because he was left by his mother , too . as a child his mother abandoned him and his four siblings . the pair embraced when they first met and barton 's parents were glad to finally meet the man who allowed them to have barton as a child . ' i had the opportunity to shake his hand and look in his eyes and say , `` thank you for saving his life '' , ' fernandez said . barton and buelna share a special bond , as the retired officer was abandoned by his mother as a young child , too , along with his four siblings . ' i spent over 20 years looking for my mother , ' buelna told cbs , and he hopes to aid barton in his search . buelna initially wanted to adopt barton , pictured here as an infant , but was beaten to it by fernandez and barton . he now hopes to help find the man 's biological mother . barton said he 's been ' blessed with a great family ' , and he forgives his mother for what she did because she ' was a young woman in a very compromising position ' . his 19-year-old mother , later identified at sabrina diaz , was arrested for child endangerment and attempted murder and spend three years in prison . barton said he 'd like to find her because it would help him get closure on the subject . as for buelna , he 's simply happy he got to see the baby boy he saved grow up . ' i hoped that some day i would see him again , ' buelna said . barton was abandoned behind these dumpsters in november 1989 . buelna found him because he thought he heard a cat meowing behind the bins .