burton secured promotion to sky bet league one after lucas akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at morecambe . jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side are up as , despite fourth-placed bury still being able to catch them , third-placed wycombe - who have played a game more than the shakers - can not . damien mccrory saw his 28th-minute penalty kept out by andreas arestidou but just two minutes later akins slotted through the goalkeeper 's legs having been played through by stuart beavon . burton albion 's ( l-r ) denny johnstone , tom naylor and jon mclaughlin celebrate league two promotion . the burton albion players celebrate their win against morecambe which confirmed promotion . scott shearer sprays his team-mates in champagne as they celebrate their victory and promotion . burton albion 's manager jimmy floyd hasselbaink smiles after seeing his side promoted to league one . burton albion players celebrate with the fans after their victory against morecambe confirmed promotion . burton albion 's shearer and john mousinho celebrate promotion to league one with a bottle of bubbly . akins scored a second from the spot after arestidou brought down beavon before mark hughes pulled one back in the last minute of normal time . shrewsbury are a win away from a return to league one after beating york 1-0 . defender mark ellis headed in the only goal after 12 minutes as micky mellon 's men bounced back from their loss to bury in midweek . bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating portsmouth 1-0 , with ryan lowe scoring his 10th goal of the season . defender mark ellis scored to ensure shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to league one . shrewsbury town 's ellis celebrates his goal against york city with team mate tyrone barnett . the win moves them to within two points of wycombe after gareth ainsworth 's men were held 0-0 at afc wimbledon . southend also remain in the hunt for automatic promotion after michael timlin scored in stoppage time in a 1-0 win over exeter , whose third straight defeat leaves them four points off a play-off place . at the other end of the table , each of the bottom three suffered defeats . hartlepool lost 3-0 to luton , cheltenham were beaten 2-0 at northampton and tranmere remain bottom of the table following a 3-0 defeat at home to oxford . northampton 's marc richards celebrates after scoring his side 's second goal against cheltenham town . carlisle secured their football league status with 2-0 win against plymouth , while cambridge and mansfield are also safe despite the u 's winning their encounter at the abbey stadium 3-1 . luton 's win moved them level on points with plymouth , who hold the fourth play-off spot . stevenage are four points above the pair after chris beardsley 's 89th-minute goal rescued a 2-2 draw against accrington , who played almost the entire game with 10 men following nicky hunt 's second-minute sending off . newport are three points off the play-offs as they suffered a fourth consecutive defeat , going down 3-2 at home to dagenham .