binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition , according to health experts . ancient civilisations such as the romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years . now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture . party : this relief from herculaneum shows bacchus , the god of wine , with followers at a frenzied gathering . contrast : health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf . mark bellis , who is honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this week about the history of binge drinking . in his lecture , entitled ' lessons from the history of nightlife - 10,000 years from mesopotamia to vegas ' , he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife . he told the independent : ' we think we 're discovering the problems of nightlife for the first time , but these have been with us for a long time . ' there 's always been a tension in history : people want a safe night out , but they also demand freedom and an element of anonymity . ' vessel : a greek amphora which could have been used for holding the wine which was drunk in large quantities at feasts . many of the concerns of the ancient authorities were strikingly similar to ours , according to dr bellis . in pompeii - where one of the best-preserved buildings after the eruption of mount vesuvius is a tavern - city officials installed street lights , only to face opposition from drinkers who were worried about sacrificing their privacy . the greeks launched wide-scale campaigns to dissuade drunkenness , with playwrights using gods in their productions to warn against alcohol abuse . and in egypt , one of the major concerns was mixing drink and drugs , as many locals would consume a narcotic flower called ' blue lotus ' while knocking back beer , dr bellis says . he told the independent : ' people look for an escape from the social and behavioural constraints of the day . that 's what night has always been about . ' the official preview of his talk , set to take place tomorrow , reads : ' the foundations of modern nightlife go back thousands of years to when people first abandoned nomadic lives to build and live in cities . ' since then , countless cultures have added their own innovations and regulations in attempts to balance safety and security with excitement and anonymity . ' looking back at how nightlife developed over the past 10,000 years , we can learn from history 's successes and failures and develop a greater insight into the challenges posed by nightlife today . ' the use of alcohol goes back to the stone age , and almost all societies around the world have made some sort of drink - despite the problems that come with a booze culture . some of the earliest written texts , from mesopotamia , make reference to alcohol - the law code of hammurabi , from 1750 bc , contains regulations stopping tavern landlords from ripping off their customers . the epic of gilgamesh shows the eponymous king promising to distribute beer and wine to his followers ' like the new year celebrations ' . many aspects of greek culture were centred around drinking - one of plato 's best-known texts is the symposium , set at a huge drinking party , while wine even had its own deity in the form of dionysus . however , to avoid excess drinkers were advised to water down their wine with water , and to drink more water between each cup of alcohol . warning : gin lane , by william hogarth , graphically depicted the dark side of booze culture . the roman love of drinking is shown by the preserved city of pompeii , where one of the buildings buried by volcanic ash in the eruption of vesuvius appears to have been an inn . rowdy feasts were also part of anglo-saxon society , as seen in the epic poem beowulf , which could be a cautionary tale as it features the monster grendel carrying off warriors who were tired out from a night of carousing . the islamic world attempted to eliminate the problem of drunkenness with a religious ban on alcohol , but there are signs that this did not always work . the 900-year-old persian poem known as the rubaiyat of omar khayyam opens with an appeal for ' a jug of wine , a loaf of bread ' to accompany an idyllic and romantic landscape . one tactic used to tackle alcohol abuse was to substitute less strong drinks instead of spirits - for example , in the georgian era william hogarth published two prints contrasting the hellish ' gin lane ' with the relaxed and peaceful ' beer street ' .