rotherham have a serious fight on their hands to avoid relegation from the championship after they were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player . the millers fielded derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win against brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly . they have until may 1 to appeal the decision and , should they choose to , that could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished . rotherham manager steve evans has seen his side deducted three points by the football league . on-loan derby defender farrend rawson ( third right ) played in the 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday . rawson ( right , pictured playing for derby 's under 21 side ) wore the rotherham shirt four times . rotherham were on 44 points ( left ) but are now just one point above the relegation zone after the deduction . a football league statement read : ' rotherham were also fined the sum of £30,000 , half of which will be suspended until the end of the 2015-16 season . the club must also pay the costs of the hearing and the football league . ' the football league set a precedent for penalties this time last year after slapping afc wimbledon with a three-point deduction and £5,000 fine after playing jake nicholson when he wasn’t registered correctly . blackpool were fined £30,000 earlier this season after starting on-loan donervon daniels once his 28-day youth loan had expired but escaped the loss of points because they lost at millwall on august 30 . top qc jim sturman unsuccessfully defended rotherham , who will feel the full force of financial relegations should they are to drop into league one . the punishment means they are now only one point ahead of the championship relegation zone with two games left . rotherham drew 1-1 with fulham last wednesday , which left them four points above the relegation zone . rotherham’s scenario has set-up a tantalising end to the campaign , bringing two teams who appeared doomed back into play . wigan lie on 39 points , millwall 40 and rotherham 41 before this saturday’s fixtures . steve evans’ side have a tough trip to norwich , while millwall host derby and wigan play wolves at the dw stadium . all three opponents still have things to play for in the final two weeks of the season . derby can secure a play-off place on saturday , with norwich still gunning for automatic promotion and wolves retaining an outside chance of a top-six berth . 