shamed newsman brian williams 's lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found . the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported . investigative journalists at the network have been poring over williams 's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in tv news , hunting down signs of dishonesty . lies on lies : williams , pictured above during his last nightly news broadcast before being suspended , embellished at least 11 different reports , an internal investigation has reportedly found . iraq shame : williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade , but miraculously managed to land . williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing , false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq . further scrutiny of williams 's record turned up other questionable claims , including dodging rocket fire over israel and seeing a body floating through the french quarter of new orleans during hurricane katrina . even more such claims have been turned up now , according to reports by cnn and the washington post . both cite a briefing given to nbcuniversal ceo steve burke on thursday in new york city at which top executives were updated on the investigation . pyramid of lies : the latest specific williams tall tale to emerge dates to 2011 in egypt 's tahrir square . williams said he stared into the eyes of mounted regime soldiers during a violent protest - while the new york times says he was safely on a balcony overlooking the action . trust me , i 'm an anchor : williams is pictured above being intereview by the daily show 's jon stewart and claiming to have up-close experience of the arab spring protests . cnn said 10 puffed-up claims had been found , while the post said the figure was 11 . an earlier report in the new york times , identified a particular incident , dating back to williams 's coverage of the 2011 arab spring uprisings . nbc investigators honed in on an appearance on the daily show where williams boasted that he had looked into the eyes of mounted egyptian soldiers in cairo 's tahrir square , and seen armed men beat protesters . from his conversation with host jon stewart , williams implies he was in the thick of the chaotic pro-democracy movement . however , the times said , nbc news broadcasts from the time make it clear he was in fact on a balcony overlooking the square from a safe distance . close to the wind : another questionable williams claim comes from israel 's 2006 war with hezbollah . williams said rockets flew ' just underneath ' a helicopter he was on ( above ) , when they in fact seem to have gone nowhere near it . williams is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of the nightly news . he was replaced by lester holt , who has kept ratings relatively steady . it is unclear whether nbc will put williams back in the top slot when the suspension ends , or look for a way to get rid of him . williams has reportedly been banned from speaking publicly about the investigation , or defending himself against any new claims . industry analysts have said the nbc report is likely to prove significant as the network wrangles over what to ultimately do with williams , who had signed a multi-million-dollar contract to keep anchoring the nightly news through 2019 . the findings could play a part in any legal discussions , it was suggested , with nbc gaining leverage over its employee by either agreeing to keep it under wraps or threatening to go public .