fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust . poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology — something that had n't happened by late monday . polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled . comey said last week , ' in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil . ' they convinced themselves it was the right thing to do , the thing they had to do . that 's what people do . and that should truly frighten us . ' fbi director james comey , pictured at a news conference last month , has caused huge offense to a u.s. ally by using language to suggest that poles were accomplices in the holocaust . comey 's comments are particularly offensive to poles not only because they had no role in running auschwitz and other death camps where jews were murdered during world war ii , but because they were themselves victims of the third reich . in all , 6 million polish citizens were killed during the war , about half of them jewish and the other half christians , with many polish priests , members of the intelligentsia and political resistance killed in auschwitz and elsewhere . poland also had a committed anti-nazi resistance movement and polish fighters fought alongside the allies throughout the war . poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized , making comments like comey 's hurt even more . comey originally delivered the remarks on wednesday at the u.s . holocaust memorial museum in arguing for the importance of holocaust education . the speech was adapted for an article published in the washington post on thursday . u.s . ambassador stephen mull attends ceremonies marking the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising , in front of the monument to the heroes of the ghetto , in warsaw , poland , on sunday , april 19 , 2015 . the polish reaction was swift . on sunday , the u.s. ambassador to poland , stephen mull , was called to the foreign ministry in a formal act of protest on the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising . mull , a well-liked figure in poland , went into damage-control mode . ' saying that poland and any other country other than nazi germany were responsible for the holocaust is a mistake , is harmful and is offensive , ' mull said . ' director comey certainly did not mean to suggest that poland was in any way responsible for those crimes . ' in washington , u.s. state department spokeswoman marie harf later echoed that sentiment , saying that ' poles certainly bore a huge brunt of the barbarism of nazi germany . ' ' director comey certainly did not intend to suggest otherwise , did not intend to suggest that poland was in some way responsible for the holocaust , ' she said . the fbi had no immediate comment on the matter . polish leaders all had something to say about the controversy . ' to those who are incapable of presenting the historic truth in an honest way , i want to say that poland was not a perpetrator but a victim of world war ii , ' prime minister ewa kopacz said on sunday . ' i would expect full historical knowledge from officials who speak on the matter . ' not all poles behaved heroically during the war . anti-semitism was deep in the 1930s and some poles pointed jews out to the nazis , who often could not tell jew from non-jew . there were also some cases of poles murdering jews during the war . but collaborating was never the official state position , as it was with vichy france , for instance . in fact , during the war , the polish underground army had a program to save jews , called zegota . and poles caught denouncing jews to the nazis were even killed by the polish resistance . president barack obama caused a similar controversy in 2012 when he used the wording ' polish death camp . ' poles feel that that wording implies polish complicity , and obama later expressed ' regret ' for the gaffe . ' in referring to ' a polish death camp ' rather than ' a nazi death camp in german-occupied poland , ' i inadvertently used a phrase that has caused many poles anguish over the years and that poland has rightly campaigned to eliminate from public discourse around the world , ' obama wrote at the time . ' i regret the error and agree that this moment is an opportunity to ensure that this and future generations know the truth . ' the entrance to the auschwitz death camp in oswiecim , poland . there was a polish program to save jews , called zegota , and poles caught denouncing jews to the nazis were even killed by the polish resistance .