a young fisherman in thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod – but was the achievement just a hoax ? captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , the youngster – with a big grin on his face – holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . approaching the water , the young boy reels rapidly , but at this point it isn’t clear whether or not he has hooked anything . the youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . he then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side – tension on the end of it is now visible . fighting against what may well be a weed , the young boy continues to reel and before long a fish breaks the surface of the water . as it splashes about , the youngster puts his hand into the lake and plucks it out . he then lays it on the floor before confidently putting his finger in its mouth , removing the hook and proudly lifting it up to the camera . the young thai boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling . discussing the video with mailonline , nathan wardle of mega fishing thailand , said that the fish was most likely a nile tilapia , although it is hard to see exactly from the clip . he added : ‘ they are found in almost every river , lake or pond right through the whole of thailand and were introduced back in 1967 as a gift from japan to the thai king . ‘ many people farm them in small numbers in their ponds for food . the fry can be bought for about 8p each . ‘ they are very popular stocked in fishing parks where they will cook your catch and small ones are used as bait for the big monster fish we have here . the fish breaks the surface of the water and the boy bravely puts his hand into the lake to catch it . the boy plucks the fish from the water , lays it on the floor and confidently puts his finger in its mouth to remove the hook . ‘ they are also great table fish , served up in most restaurants . they have really tasty meat that can be fried , poached , roasted or barbecued and usually come with some kind of spicy thai dipping sauce . ‘ the fish eat pretty much anything so are fairly easy to catch with worms , bread , shrimps or squid and the like . ’ since it was uploaded , the video has been viewed over a million times and many people have commented to congratulate the youngster . however , there is a suggestion that the fish may have been hooked to the line before the start of the video . the youngster proudly holds his catch , which appears to be a nile tilapia , up to the camera .