gerard pique has heaped praise on barcelona 's attacking trio of luis suarez , lionel messi and neymar , claiming he has never seen a relationship like theirs . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their crucial champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain , and pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates . speaking to uefa.com , the spain centre back said : ' i 've never before seen a relationship like the one between luis [ suárez ] , ney [ neymar ] and leo [ messi ] . lionel messi pictured arriving for a training session with barcelona on tuesday morning . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their crucial champions league quarter-final tie against psg . neymar was among those turning up for training with luis suarez following behind the forward . suarez , neymar and messi ( left-right ) have a special relationship , according to gerard pique . pique says barcelona 's impressive front three have a relationship like nothing he has seen before . messi , alongside team-mate pique ( right ) , train at parc des princes ahead of wednesday night 's match . ' we 're talking about three of the best players in the world . ' continuing , and perhaps in a sideways swipe at the relationship between gareth bale and cristiano ronaldo at la liga rivals real madrid , pique said : ' being a footballer always goes hand in hand with a certain amount of egotism , but those three really do have a special relationship . in madrid , there has been much speculation over cristiano ronaldo 's ( left ) frustration with gareth bale . barcelona are preparing for their champions league quarter-final match against paris saint-germain . ' they get on superbly . there 's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch . ' ronaldo 's frustration with bale has received much media attention over the last month , culminating in the portugal star 's non-celebration and apparent frustration at bale taking the limelight to score a goal against levante in march . over in barcelona , the nou camp 's front three have a combined 88 goals between them in all competitions this season , and could add to that when they take to the field at the parc des princes on wednesday night .