apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th april . the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world . from tomorrow morning , customers will be able to preorder their watch online . scroll down for video . apple watch , available for pre-order on friday , april 10 , 2015 , comes with a choice of watch case , band and size _ there are 54 possible configurations in all . if you know the specific configuration you want , you 're best off ordering it online , starting at 12:01 a.m. pdt friday ( 3:01 a.m. edt ) . they will start to ship on april 24 . popular models might not be available right away if you 're not among the first to order . your watch will get shipped to you . there wo n't be an in-store pick-up option . ' we are excited to welcome customers tomorrow and introduce them to apple watch , our most personal device yet.said angela ahrendts , apple 's senior vice president of retail and online stores . ' based on the tremendous interest from people visiting our stores , as well as the number of customers who have gone to the apple online store to mark their favourite apple watch ahead of availability , we expect that strong customer demand will exceed our supply at launch , ' ' to provide the best experience and selection to as many customers as we can , we will be taking orders for apple watch exclusively online during the initial launch period . ' customers in australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong , japan , the uk and the us can try on and experience apple watch at their local apple store or at galeries lafayette in paris , isetan in tokyo , selfridges in london , and select apple authorised resellers in japan and china . customers can pre-order their apple watch through the apple online store beginning april 10 at 8:01 a.m. bst for delivery beginning april 24 . in stores , customers will get a personalised session with a specialist to try on , fit and size their band , and explore the amazing features of apple watch . apple says it encourages customers who want to try on an apple watch are encouraged to make an appointment online at www.apple.com . pre-orders begin april 10 at 8:01 a.m. bst through the apple online store and the apple store app for iphone and ipad . customers who pre-order their apple watch can have it shipped for delivery beginning april 24 . the watch , when paired with an iphone , allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls . ' will the apple watch change your life ? well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ' after a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - i completely stopped checking my phone . ' while apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the apple watch it may have cured it . ' apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ' as more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , i fully expect it be used in ways we can’t even imagine now . ' much like the iphone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' ' starting friday , customers can try on apple watch , apple watch sport or apple watch edition to find the model with the size , finish and band to best fit their personal preference and style , ' the firm explained . ' everyone visiting an apple store will be able to view all three collections and get hands on with apple watch demo to browse and edit different watch faces , and learn about apple watch 's health and fitness features , digital touch , siri and more . ' based on a survey in the united states on consumer interest in buying the apple watch , bmo capital markets has cut its estimate for sales to 39 million units though september 2016 . previously , the analysts had estimated sales of 55.5 million units . about 735 people responded to the survey . apple is among several companies , including samsung electronics co ltd and sony corp , that are jumping into the nascent market for wearable devices . the watch , when paired with an iphone , allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls . faces on the watch can be customised , and users will be shown this in strore . there is also an app that helps people monitor their health , for example by tracking heartbeats and footsteps . ' we believe in the next five years , the watch will revolutionize the way we interact with objects around us , ' oppenheimer analysts wrote a note on thursday . apple shares were up 0.3 percent at $ 125.98 in early trading on thursday . each version of the watch will come in different colour options .   apple 's watch goes on display around the world on 10 april and people can pre-order it at 12.01 pacific time ( 8am bst ) on this day . the watch will then go on general sale on 24 april in the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan . apple watch comes with a choice of watch case , band and size — there are 54 possible configurations in all . most models come in two sizes , 38 millimeters and 42 millimeters , as measured by the height of the watch face . the larger one costs $ 50 more in most cases . for a few of the bands , only one size is available . there are three lines to choose from : the sport , watch and edition versions of the smart timepiece . the cheapest is a ' sport ' version with an aluminum case . you can get it with a silver case and choose a white , blue , green or pink band made of synthetic rubber . or get a grey case with a black band . the smaller version costs $ 349 , and the large one is $ 399 . that 's 10 configurations — five bands , each in two sizes .      the regular version has a stainless steel case . the cheapest has the same band as the sport version . you choose white or black and pay $ 549 for the smaller model and $ 599 for large . fancier bands are available — three different leather bands , a link bracelet or a milanese loop . prices go as high as $ 1,099 for a large watch with a stainless steel link bracelet . there are 20 official configurations , but once you factor in some leather bands coming in two or three sizes , you have 32 options to choose from .    edition is the luxury line with cases made of 18-karat gold alloy . it 's $ 10,000 for a small version with the white or black band that comes with sport models . the large one costs $ 12,000 . you can get a leather band for $ 15,000 or $ 17,000 , depending on the size . there are officially eight luxury configurations , or 12 if you count band sizes as choices .     apple is also selling bands separately for those who like to swap designs . prices range from $ 49 for the basic sport band to $ 449 for a link bracelet . to help you choose , apple has plenty of videos on its website and apple store and apple watch apps . the apple store app also has sizing guides , images of the watch cases in actual size and animation of buckles and clasps , which you can open and close by pinching in and out .  