carlos tevez talks about being as free as a bird , back to the days when he was banging in the goals in argentina for boca juniors . a big hit on the famous steeped terracing at la bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of diego maradona , claudio cannigia and some of the other greats . here in turin he is worshipped at the juventus stadium , one of the idols in the shirt of the bianconeri with that fearless , wholehearted approach to the game . carlos tevez ( left ) is worshipped by juventus fans and has scored six champions league goals this season . the italian side are aiming to beat monaco on tuesday in their champions league quarter-final first leg . on tuesday evening , with six goals already in this season’s champions league , he will be expected to deliver in the first leg of the quarter-final against monaco . juve are already on course for the serie a title , 12 points clear of nearest rivals lazio ahead of their meeting in the league this weekend . first though , massimiliano allegri’s team must find a way to beat monaco , to secure a decent first-leg lead against the surprise quarter-finalists before the return in the stade louis ii . at 31 tevez appears to be enjoying his football again , helping juventus to the title last season and leading the assault on the champions league this term . massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt by taking juventus to glory . monaco stand in juventus ' way ; they were adventurous and audacious in their win over arsenal in the last 16 . it is easy to knock italian football , to place it behind england , spain and germany , but to do that would do a great disservice to this juventus team . there are some formidable talents in there , with gianluigi buffon protected in his goal by the tough , uncompromising presence of giorgio chiellini , andrea barzagli and leonardo bonucci in their three-man defence . the prolonged absence of andrea pirlo , who has made five appearances in this season’s competition , has given others a chance to excel in the centre of this juve midfield . paul pogba , one of the summer targets for manchester united , is missing but arturo vidal , roberto pereyra and claudio marchisio all have pedigree . tevez admits he feels free at juventus , back to the days when he was playing for boca juniors ( pictured ) . monaco players train at the juventus stadium in turin on the eve of their champions league quarter-final . it has been 12 years since they last reached the champions league final , when they were beaten by milan on penalties during a dreadful stalemate that finished 0-0 at old trafford . for supporters of juve it has been too long , with the shootout victory over ajax in 1996 at the stadio olimpico in rome a distant memory . they have won the european cup twice and would dearly love a third . standing in their way of a semi-final appearance is monaco , the surprise team to make it through after their remarkable win over arsenal in the previous round . at the emirates , leonardo jardim’s team were adventurous and audacious , surprising arsenal with their breathtaking approach to the game . they are not to be underestimated . gianluca vialli lifts the champions league for juventus in 1996 - the last time the bianconeri were victorious . in 2003 , juventus suffered heartbreak in the champions league final , losing to ac milan in a penalty shootout . despite the big , high-profile exits of james rodriguez to real madrid and radamel falcao’s season-long loan to manchester united , they are difficult to beat . joao moutinho is a classy player in the centre of their midfield and the france international jeremy toulalan can always pick out a pass . up front is dimitar berbatov , one of the scorers at the emirates on the night of that incredible and climactic 3-1 victory in the first leg . dimitar berbatov is one of the men standing in juventus ' way in their champions league quarter-final . tevez is adored by juventus supporters and they will hope he is the man to help them to european glory . it was after that game when arsene wenger headed straight for the tunnel , failing to shake the hand of monaco’s portuguese coach following arsenal’s defeat . when monaco scraped through on away goals , jardim made a point of calling wenger ‘disrespectful’ for his behaviour , which is familiar to all english football fans , on the touchline . here in turin , the monaco coach talked of being worthy of their place in the quarter-final , good enough to live with the very best teams left in the tournament . now , inside this magnificent new stadium , they get to meet one of them .