marcus copeland , 44 , admitted one count of fraud at caernarfon crown court . he was told he faces jail . a top mortgage broker who bragged that he ‘ spared no expense’ to build his dream home is facing jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it . marcus copeland , 44 , splashed out almost £1million to complete the six- bedroomed eco house . he sourced specialist scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in cwm dyserth , near st asaph , north wales , one of the most ‘green’ new builds in the country . but yesterday it emerged that the married father-of-two’s dream had become a nightmare , after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000 for the property . at caernarfon crown court the former journalist , who was once named best mortgage broker in the midlands and wales , admitted two counts of fraud by lying to abbey national about the profitability of his business to secure the £847,000 loan in march 2007 . at an earlier hearing , he also pleaded guilty to five charges of deception after he used his position to inflate the salaries of five of his clients and help them obtain mortgages totalling £686,000 . jonathan austin , defending , said copeland maintained that all the customers knew he had boosted their wages when making the applications . the barrister added that none of the loans had ever been defaulted upon . ‘ all these mortgages proved to be affordable , ’ the barrister said . ‘ the obligations were met . ’ recorder gregory bull qc bailed copeland , of deganwy , llandudno , for sentencing later this year . but he went on to warn him : ‘ you are not to read anything into the likely sentence . imprisonment remains an option . ’ in november 2010 copeland’s home was featured in an article for homebuilding and renovating magazine and described as the ‘ quintessential self-build story – huge ambition matched by a hopelessly stretched budget , spiralling costs and immense stress . ’ he and his wife yvonne , 44 , spent a year trying to persuade a farmer to sell them an elevated plot of land in the picturesque village in denbighshire for £250,000 , before spending another £750,000 on the build . spread out over three storeys , the house features two double garages , a home office , an open-plan kitchen , a dining and sitting area , a tv room terrace and a roof garden , all cut into a hillside overlooking the rolling welsh countryside . talking about the project , copeland told the magazine : ‘ if i was to do it again , i’d control my spending . i fell in love with a stone from scotland that i wanted for the exterior walls . ‘ it cost a fortune and i’m not sure you can tell the difference compared with cheaper options . but this was our dream home , so i spared no expense . ’ the couple sold the house in september 2012 for £925,000 but , following copeland’s guilty plea , are now facing having to pay back any profit they have made via the proceeds of crime act . the defendant ran copeland mortgage services in prestatyn , denbighshire , and was named best mortgage broker in the midlands and wales at the pink home services awards night in 2007 . dream home : the award-winning mortgage broker has previously boasted about his £1million hillside home he built in the north wales countryside ( pictured ) . now copeland 's double life as a fraudster has emerged . ambitious : the home was described by one house-building magazine as ' almost the quintessential self build story - huge ambition matched by a hopelessly stretched budget , spiralling costs and immense stress ' . the home has five floors , a home office , open plan kitchen , a tv room and a roof terrace . it also has panoramic views of sprawling countryside . copeland had already pleaded guilty to another fraud charge .