saracens breathed a huge sigh of relief on tuesday night as billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait — leaving the no 8 free to face clermont auvergne in saturday’s champions cup semi-final . an rfu disciplinary panel dismissed a charge that vunipola had recklessly led with his head in a incident which left the leicester full back prone on the ground following a clash last weekend . saracens are the last remaining english club in the competition and would have appealed against the decision if their in-form england star had been banned . billy vunipola trains in the spring sunshine on tuesday as saracens prepare for saturday 's clash . the england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head . ‘ as a club we have respect for the disciplinary processes which are in place but at the same time we are surprised , ’ said saracens director of rugby mark mccall on tuesday before the verdict . ‘he’s been charged with a strike to the head . it’s got to be intentional but everyone can see that it isn’t . there are enough camera angles to see that billy’s eyes stay firmly on the ball . ‘ if it’s not intentional , the next argument is “ was it reckless ? ” but billy is decelerating into the contact . ‘he’s in a great driving position and his feet are in contact with the ground . there’s no recklessness involved . it was just an accidental clash of heads . ’ vunipola and his team-mates appear to be having fun in training as he awaited the rfu verdict . leicester’s vereniki goneva received a one-week ban for striking saracens flanker kelly brown in the same game . meanwhile , saracens are considering picking exciting 20-year-old forward maro itoje in their back row alongside vunipola . itoje , who captained england under 20s’ world cup winning side last year , signed a new contract on tuesday and has been touted as a possible bolter for the senior squad at this year’s tournament . ‘it’s exciting , ’ itoje said . ‘ i feel like i’ve progressed a lot this season . ’ former england under 20s captain maro itoje has signed a new long-term contract at saracens .