gopro director nick woodman is set to be named the highest-paid ceo of 2014 at the tender age of 39 . the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $ 284.5 million - at the end of the year . it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index . slumping to second place , chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at $ 281 million . and now the firm has announced it is cutting his pay . in his prime : gopro creator nick woodman , 39 , is set to be named america 's highest-paid ceo of 2014 . woodman 's product - a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand-held pole - made waves in when it debuted in 2006 . they are used by professionals and hobbyists conquering six-foot waves , treacherous ski slopes , scrappy dirt track races and bungee jumps . the cameras have also been used to film inside of the mouths of alligators , sharks and polar bears - and woodman 's wife jill giving birth to one of their sons . the californian surfing couple have come a long way since the business was founded in 2004 with one product : a waterproof film camera . before sales took off , woodman posed as the model for their self-made adverts . but his posing days did n't last long . in 2006 , the firm launched its first digital camera . three years later it began selling a high-definition camera . the cameras are light , small and waterproof . they have other uses besides sports . tv producers use them to film in areas where big professional cameras ca n't go . since launching its high-definition camera in 2009 , it has sold 8.5 million of them , including 3.8 million in 2013 . its cameras are sold in more than 25,000 stores and cost between $ 200 and $ 400 . the day the company first went public , they sold 3.6 million shares of gopro stock to rake in an astounding $ 86 million before taxes . the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $ 284.5 million - at the end of the year . woodman 's product - a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , or a hand-held pole - made waves in when it debuted in 2006 . before sales took off , woodman posed as the model for their self-made adverts ( pictured behind woodman , his wife jill and their two children ) . but his posing days did n't last long . woodman 's shares were worth slightly more than $ 1.2 billion at the ipo price . as stock prices continue to increase , and including some of woodman 's other assets , forbes estimates that his net worth is now more than $ 2.3 billion . chinese tech manufacturer foxconn , which owns about 11 million shares of gopro stock that are worth a collective $ 425 million . riverwood capital , a private equity firm , currently has about $ 650 million in gopro stock . nick woodman is the founder and ceo of gopro , a camera which can be fixed to helmets , the body , equipment or a hand-held pole . they are used by professionals and hobbyists conquering 6ft waves , treacherous ski slopes , scrappy dirt track races and bungee jumps . the cameras have also been used to film inside of the mouths of alligators , sharks and polar bears - and woodman 's wife giving birth to one of their sons . they are wifi capable , typically come with remotes for control and have a capacity of 64gb currently . they are also versatile thanks to numerous add-ons , including lcd screens , and the most expensive model is $ 400 . woodman 's father , dean , has also found himself an overnight millionaire . the elder woodman loaned his son $ 200,000 to help get gopro off the ground . dean woodman - who sold none of his shares at the ipo - now owns $ 280 million in gopro shares . as forbes notes , that is a 140,000 percent return on his initial $ 200,000 investment . its list of competitors is short , but growing . consumer electronics companies garmin , samsung and sony have all entered the market . gopro had the best-selling camcorder in 2013 , according to government paperwork filed by the company . it also sells accessories such as cases , battery packs and mounts that help users attach their cameras to surfboards , helmets or their wrists . it also has a free app and software that lets users edit , store and publish their videos to their social media accounts including facebook , instagram , twitter and youtube . additional growth may come from the wild videos its cameras create , which the company hopes to use to create a media company . the bloomberg pay index tracks the 100 highest-paid executives in firms that trade on us exchanges . the pay package is assessed by tracking each company 's stock prices , which changes the value of their equity awards . slumping to second place , chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki ( pictured ) was valued at $ 281 million . and now the firm has announced it is cutting his pay .