former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend , perth lawyer naomi bass . the smitten couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal , sullivan , 29 , told woman 's day . the sporting hero has won two silver olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the commonwealth games . ' we were walking one night and came across a lone tree in full bloom , complete with white doves , ' he told the magazine . scroll down for video . former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan . the couple met in perth in 2011 , and sullivan proposed to bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto . ' naomi said `` gee this is so romantic ; it would be a good spot for someone to propose '' . so i dropped to one knee and asked her to marry me , ' the former swimmer revealed . sullivan said he had planned to pop the question on that trip , but not until a few days later . however he took the opportunity and surprised his girlfriend so much she was n't even able to respond straight away . bass , 28 , told woman 's day she was so overwhelmed that she just ' kept laughing and crying ' and had to calm herself down before she could respond . her now-fiance presented her with a two-carat solitaire set among 14 pale pink diamonds the colour of cherry blossoms , a reminder of where the special moment took place . the proposal took place in kyoto , japan two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in perth . bass , 28 , ( right ) told woman 's day she was so overwhelmed that she just ' kept laughing and crying ' . the proposal took place in kyoto , japan two weeks ago , and the happy couple are now back in perth , where they met in 2011 . news that the couple were an item emerged in june 2014 , shortly after sullivan announced his retirement from competitive swimming due to a shoulder injury . the sprint king previously dated fellow swimmer stephanie rice for two years before the couple split prior to the beijing olympics in 2008 . at the time it was suggested that the pair 's relationship ended to ease the focus on the power couple ahead of the sporting event . sullivan won two olympic silver medals in beijing and was on track to compete in the commonwealth games until he suffered more shoulder issues .