i felt as if i was treading on hallowed ground . a leather boot , white with mould , lay half-buried at my feet . nearby i glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen lying beside the skull of a mule , while strewn all around me were the remains of rusty cans and oil drums . high above on the hilltop stood simple headstones and derelict wooden crosses marking unnamed graves . the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia , used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush . keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chilkoot trail , where hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to canada 's frozen wastes during the klondike gold rush . he is descended from skookum jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 . the discovery started a stampede along the treacherous mountain track through snowdrifts , blizzards and avalanches , each man weighed down with supplies . the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over . at the end of the trail they staggered into bennett , a makeshift city of tents , hotels and saloons at the head of a deep green fjord , where they settled for a brief respite . all that is left of bennett today is its split-log chapel and station , still used by the white pass railway . ' on may 29 , 1898 more than 7,000 roughly hewn rafts set sail , ' keith told me . ' there was a further 400 miles of hazardous waterways , canyons and rapids to negotiate before they reached their goal . ' everything in the yukon is of epic proportions . bordering alaska , it is almost twice the size of britain , with ranges of sparkling snow-crusted peaks , emerald lakes and vast forests . there are few signs of habitation in this pristine wilderness , with only a few roads linking the small communities . spectacular snowfield : wendy flew over the world 's largest non-polar icefield in the kluane national park . distances between them are mind-boggling . locals travel up to 100 miles for their weekly shop , and some days i drove for seven or eight hours along deserted highways , rarely passing another vehicle . in the kluane national park , i took a scenic flight over the world 's largest non-polar icefield . we skimmed barren hillsides , almost touching the curly-horned dall 's sheep balanced on the rocky outcrops . as we soared higher , i looked down on immense snowfields before we swooped over glaciers . kluane is home to a huge grizzly bear population , so one morning i set off in search of them with retired ranger brent liddle and his dog blue . carrying pepper spray for protection , he led me around a beautiful turquoise lake and up towards the saddle of king 's throne mountain . clapping hands to warn of our presence , we scrambled along a rocky path , stepping over tangled roots and clambering over fallen logs . kluane is home to a huge grizzly bear population ( left ) . right , some of the original gold rush prospectors . suddenly brent pointed to a spruce tree . the bark was worn away and fresh hairs were glued to the sap . ' a bear has been rubbing his head and back here , ' he explained . eyes darting in all directions , we proceeded cautiously but there was no sign of the grizzly . i was quite relieved . in fact i saw more wildlife along the roadside than i did on foot , sometimes stopping the car only yards from black bears guzzling on dandelions among carpets of fireweed and blue lupins . at tombstone territorial park we pulled in to watch caribou grazing on the tundra and beavers paddling to their lodge , mouths crammed with twigs . unless you stay at one of the designated campsites , accommodation in the parks is limited . my favourite was the tagish wilderness lodge - a speedboat whisks you across a lake on a 45-minute journey from the nearest road . four log cabins are hidden in the trees , yards from the water 's edge . the main building consists of a spacious living area decorated with moose and caribou antlers , luxury bathrooms and a pine-scented sauna . dawson city , epicentre of the gold rush , was the largest city in western canada back in 1898 . wendy pans for gold.. and finds a precious nugget . my hosts , gebhard and sarah , took me on boat trips along the shoreline and hikes up into the hinterland , passing their heatsensor camera on the way . in the evenings we 'd upload the photos showing a lynx , bear and wolf prowling past . i loved the sense of isolation . i spent hours on the jetty watching speckled loons diving for fish . occasionally a young moose would venture tentatively into the water nearby while bald eagles flew overhead . the views were breathtaking and the silence so intense i could hear a pine needle drop . my last stop was dawson city , epicentre of the gold rush . in 1898 it was the largest city in western canada . now a unesco world heritage site , it looks much the same , with painted weatherboard houses and wooden boardwalks lining unpaved streets . archive film in the visitor centre shows the city crowded with prospectors in dark suits and bowler hats . now the restored buildings stand hugger-mugger with rusty , corrugated-iron shacks sinking slowly into the ground due to the permafrost . head to diamond tooth gertie 's if you want to watch can-can shows or play blackjack with tourists from the cruise ships . i preferred the pit , the bar in the westminster hotel , where i had a beer with locals and listened to live country music . just a couple of miles away in bonanza creek , i met up with sylvia and her sister , ginny , who are both descended from an original prospector . their site at claim 33 was close to the spot where skookum jim made his historic find . handing me a pan of gravel , sylvia demonstrated how to sieve and sluice it . as i shook the pan back and forth , dipping it in water to drain off the excess sand , i stopped short . a tiny nugget was glistening in the bottom of the pan . i had found my own crock of gold . windows on the wild ( www.windowsonthewild.com , 020 8742 1556 ) offers a 14-night yukon explored fly-drive holiday from £2,825pp , including accommodation , return flights from the uk to whitehorse , fully inclusive car hire , five guided hikes and some meals . for more details , go to www.travelyukon.com .   