winemakers have been accused of fighting new eu regulations on revealing the calorie count on their labels because it will reveal that a bottle of red has the same as six digestives . the european parliament is set to vote to close the current loophole , which sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels , next week . however , european winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , and hit smaller vineyards . closing the loophole : the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels . under current eu regulations , producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label . according to the times , winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that ' a bottle of red wine has about the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive biscuits ' . but representatives of the european wine industry say the regulation would be devastating for smaller producers . as sugar and calorie levels varies with each vintage , this wound mean annual tests to provide accurate nutritional labelling . ' obligatory nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , ' said aurora abad , policy officer for the comité européen des entreprises vins , the wine industry 's european body , told the times . fighting back : winemakers say that introducing nutritional labelling would mean annual tests to extablish calories of each vintage , leading to a rise in production costs that would mainly hit smaller vineyards . ms abad also said that as the nutritional value of a bottle of wine changes with age , the calories on the label would not be the same down the line . the european commission was set to vote on whether to force producers of alcoholic drinks to display nutritional value on their labels in december , but the vote was delayed . consumer and health organisations who have been pushing for a close of the loophole for alcoholic beverages say it 's crucial to include calories on wine , beer and spirits so consumers can make ' informed choices ' . ' at present consumers can have complete information about what is in a bottle of milk or fruit juice , but not a bottle of whisky or beer . we consider this unacceptable , ' monique goyens , director-general of the european consumer organisation , said in a letter to the commission seen by the times . this follows last year 's calls from britain 's royal society for public health ( rsph ) that labelling is needed in order to tackle obesity . counting calories : consumer and health organisations want wine producers to include calories on their bottles so drinkers can make ' informed choices ' . rsph chief executive shirley cramer said : ' calorie labelling has been successfully introduced for a wide range of food products and there is now a clear public appetite for this information to be extended to alcohol to help individuals make informed choices . ' with two in three adults overweight or obese , and given that adults who drink get approximately 10 % of their calories from alcohol , this move could make a major difference to waistlines of the nation . ' a poll in november 2014 found that a majority of uk adults either did not know or underestimated the number of calories in a glass of wine and a pint of lager . alcohol contains seven calories per gram . a large glass of white wine ( 250ml ) contains on average 185 calories , a glass of champagne around 90 calories , a pint of lager some 180 calories while a double vodka and tonic around 145 calories .