jeremy scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent human barbie dolls down the catwalk . the creative head , who is famed for making kitsch cool , sent his models down the runway in milan in barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of aqua 's iconic 90s hit , i 'm a barbie girl . as the ultimate dictator of trends , it seems that we may all be wearing bright pink leathers and super girly dresses this season . but does the look work in real life ? and will you garner attention for the right reasons ? weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips , 30 , a journalist at emirates woman , decided to find out by taking to the streets of dubai dressed like the iconic doll . here 's how she got on ... scroll down for video . if moschino 's latest collection is anything to go by , barbie will be our style icon this season . weighed down by eyelashes , olivia phillips took to the streets ( and supermarkets ) of dubai dressed as the iconic doll . i’m like a vampire barbie ; i only come out at night . daylight hours , on the other hand , are a very different story , with me championing a pretty consistent , low-fi uniform of skinny jeans , biker jackets and a scruffy bun . my nocturnal counterpart , however , stands in almost unrecognisable contrast ; her heels are high and her hair even higher . so although donning jeremy scott’s barbie-inspired moschino collection wasn’t as much of an almighty leap for me as it would be for , say , the rest of the world , it still required a certain amount of chutzpah to take it to the streets . still , i located my audacity and got out there to see exactly how the looks would translate to real life . it only took one google search to reveal exactly how popular barbie still is - but a far more entertaining barometer was watching the office’s reaction when a giant box from moschino arrived at my desk . with the same fervour usually reserved for a magnolia delivery , i was suddenly surrounded by a cluster of excited , giggling women on the edge . olivia explained that literally everyone smiled at her . doors opened for her , small animals and children stared , she got a hand with her shopping and a wink with her starbucks . olivia wore the spray-on leather skirt suit to do the weekly shop . navigating the supermarket aisles , she admits she felt like a saucy stepford wife . everyone had a story to share – from the doll they had in the 1980s wearing the exact same dress , to the toy dreamhouse they used to play in with their sister . that powerful sense of nostalgia , and that unifying , almost categorical common ground , is something not many things could manage . moschino seems to have achieved it to the next level , creating a collection overflowing with universal happy memories . indeed , jeremy scott said of the collection : ' i approach everything with so much humour . ' and as gimmicky as some naysayers may have accused it of being , i now have first-hand experience of its mood-enhancing capabilities – for me , and for literally everyone who had my very pink person cross their path . for a start , it turns previously mute colleagues into your new best friend in the office bathroom . people you have literally never laid eyes on before want to have a good old chinwag , all-pink leather acting as some kind of conversational lubricant . everyone , and i mean everyone , smiles . doors open . small animals and children stare . you get a hand with your shopping and a wink with your starbucks . and when you post a selfie onto facebook you get 93 likes and 28 comments and it makes you feel a little bit important . at the end of the day , she changed into the piece de résistance ; a very short , very wide and very sequinned mini dress and made her way to meet a blissfully unaware friend . ' what in the name of joan collins are you wearing ? you look like a cake ! don’t stand so close to me , ' he said . you also get people who you haven’t heard from in three years sending you dubious private messages , but that’s a small price to pay for becoming a social media sensation for three and a half minutes . such is the power of pink , people . practicality , then , becomes almost superfluous . it might be a glorious 30-degree desert day , but i’ll be damned if i’m not going to wear my spray-on leather skirt suit to do the weekly shop . navigating the supermarket aisles , i felt like a saucy stepford wife . a cupcake tray ended up in my basket . and some oven gloves . it was weird . i did , on the other hand , get unwittingly , and worryingly , into character . i forgot a pair of my louboutins in the toilets after changing outfits . forgetful barbie . i , when wearing an enormous puffball dress , tried to answer my office phone whilst standing and ricocheted off my desk . no sense of spacial awareness barbie . and when being photographed having a meeting in ladurée , i shoved a fake macaron in my mouth after being told in no uncertain terms that it was display only . insanity barbie . walking through the streets , the looks were plentiful but surreptitious . bar a few spectators who stopped to take pictures ( thank-you for restoring my faith in shamelessness – i was briefly convinced that everyone had been castrated by manners ) , people would stare , but only when they thought i couldn’t see . also : not one person sang aqua’s barbie girl at me . not one . i mean , come on . frankly , i was disappointed at the lack of clichés . ' it might be obvious , brash even - but it fits our current filtered , insta-existence perfectly - there 's no denying the collection looks great in a picture , ' she said of the experience . it raised that age-old question of whether you dress for yourself or others , as however cheerful my ensemble made me , i still felt the small need for validation from others . it’s kind of the sartorial equivalent of if a tree falls in the forest and there’s no one around to hear it . if you’re outrageously attired and no one bats an eyelid , it kind of takes the fun out of it , no ? ' habibti , this is dubai , ' a straight-shooting friend told me after i had a little moan about it on the ( vanity mirror ) phone . ' ott is expected , remember ? ' satisfied with this , i changed into the piece de résistance ; a very short , very wide and very sequinned mini dress straight outta 1983 , and made my merry way to art dubai to meet a blissfully unaware friend . ' what in the name of joan collins are you wearing ? you look like a cake ! don’t stand so close to me , ' he said . i’m falling at the last hurdle so decide to rapidly explain myself . 'i’m doing a road test ! ' i shout over the music . ' a protest ? what the hell are you protesting against ? ! rational clothing ? ' well , two out of three workable outfits ain’t bad . i drag my mortified friend to q43 and then back to change into my civvies which , i won’t lie , now seem really sad in comparison . if jeremy scott has tapped into anything , it’s unadulterated whimsy . it might be obvious , brash even - but it fits our current filtered , insta-existence perfectly - there’s no denying the collection looks great in a picture . a very wise person once told me life was too short to wear boring clothes . and as long as scott’s around , there’s really not much danger of that . after completing the challenge , pictured , she changed back into her normal clothes , which she says felt ' sad in comparison ' .  