a 19-year-old model in california has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate – and bizarre – attempt to maintain her youthful appearance – despite the fact that she is a vegetarian . in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , entitled ' i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , freelance model chanel details her unique skincare method , which she tries to justify by claiming that ' thousands of years ago people did this and it worked ' . ' my greatest fear is getting old and developing wrinkles and extra loose skin , ' chanel says . ' so to prevent that from happening i must do whatever it takes . ' scroll down for video . model of insecurity : 19-year-old chanel says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks . ' i ca n't stop ' : chanel ( l ) picks up the blood from a local butcher .  chanel insists that , despite her young age , she is already starting to show signs of aging , which she is convinced will soon put a stop to her modeling career altogether . her desperation to remain looking as young as possible for as long as possible has driven chanel to a number of extraordinary lengths , most notably covering her body in animal blood , a process she insists will ' keep the skin looking soft and tight ' . her family , skeptical of the benefits ask for proof , but chanel is unable to offer anything which backs up her bizarre claims . the model also shows off a myriad of other ' beauty fixes ' she uses , including a daily shot of garlic powder , balsamic vinaigrette , sage , and olive oil - which she claims helps to ' preserve your body ' - as well as a skincare regimen that involves washing her face eight to ten times per day . she also claims to have eaten placenta , gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young . in the thick of it : chanel seems unperturbed by the process , dunking her hand into the container of blood and examining the contents before pouring it on to herself . bloody bizarre : the teenager picked up the blood at a local butcher who asked her if she would prefer pork or beef , to which she replies , ' i do n't eat meat ' . the teen 's grandmother , lois , tries her best to dissuade chanel of her latest endeavor , saying she could be risking her well being . ' i 'm sorry my grandmother is worried about my health , ' says chanel . ' but now that i 'm this close to my blood bath , i ca n't stop . ' after picking up the pig 's blood from a butcher in a large bucket , chanel climbs into the tub wearing only her underwear and begins pouring the thick , red liquid all over her body . the model , who claims to be a vegetarian , describes how ' even the roughest parts of the body like the elbows feel soft , and i think i owe that to the blood ' . later in the episode , chanel claims that though she believes the blood bath helped her self-esteem , she ' has no desire to do it again ' . luckily for chanel , the experience of filming with mtv seems to have had a positive outcome . as she reveals in a follow up q & a with the channel , she was ' humbled ' by the reactions she received . ' i never believed i was that off my rocker , ' she adds . ' i think i owe that to the blood ' : the teenager describes feeling her skin become softer as she soaks in the blood . other blood bathers : the infamous countess elisabeth bathory was said to have bathed in the blood of virgins to stay young , and the benefits of its use are still championed today by the likes of kim kardashian . although the benefits are not proven , the concept of using blood as a beauty product is far from new . the idea of bathing in blood for youth may have originated with the story of elisabeth bathory , a hungarian countess who was alleged to have murdered hundreds of young women around the turn of the 16th century . folklore says that she bathed in the blood of virgins to maintain her youth . fast-forward to more recent - and less murderous - applications , kim kardashian 's ' vampire facial ' went through a surge in popularity in 2013 after the reality star posted a photo of herself receiving the treatment , which involves drawing a person 's own blood , separating the platelets and then injecting it back into the patient 's face . a similar new beauty craze involved using a patient 's own blood to create a beauty cream , which was recently offered to patrons at the dorchester hotel in london .