ronny deila insists celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule . the norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw . celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons . ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying . a return to america for this july has not yet been ruled out . with £16million on offer just for returning to the champions league group stages , however , deila says he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments . ‘ it is not going to be the same , ’ he said . ‘ we are going to play less games , travel less and really prepare for those games . ‘ i want to do it differently than we did it last year . i think we did way too much travelling and way too much games . ’ faced with over-turning the 4-1 first leg defeat in warsaw last summer , deila remained with his first team in glasgow while a celtic development squad suffered a 6-1 thrashing to spurs in an exhibition game at helsinki’s olympic stadium . ‘ it is not positive to play games with half a team and lose 5-1 and 6-1 , ’ said the celtic boss . ‘ it is not positive for the confidence and the atmosphere in the club . we don’t like to lose . when we play we want to prepare as well as possible and that is going to be the main issue now in pre-season . ’ a celtic development squad were thrashed by tottenham in a pre-season friendly last season . the spfl champions recently secured a new kit deal with american manufacturers new balance , raising the chances of a return to the states . despite the financial attractions of a packed pre-season programme , however , deila says he has backing from lawwell to do most of the preparation in scotland . ‘ he is with me . we are on the same lines so that hasn’t been a problem . we are talking about the united states but then everything has to be perfect there . ‘ we haven’t decided 100 per cent but i think we are going to stay here for the first 14 days and have games around here . we will have a couple of games that we go away to play , maybe two or three . so less travelling , more calm . players will have been abroad on vacation and will come back and prepare the right way and play games here . ’ acknowledging at the same time that overseas trips generate cash for the club , deila responded : ‘ yes , but there is more money in the champions league . ’ deila says celtic wo n't be travelling as much in pre-season as they look to qualify for the group stages . 