lord stevens is to be investigated over hotly disputed allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled step-hen lawrence murder probe . last night the independent police complaints commission ( ipcc ) said it will investigate claims that the former met chief failed to hand over key information to the macpherson inquiry regarding the black teenager’s race hate killing . the watchdog probe stems from a complaint from stephen’s father neville lawrence . lord stevens was deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 – while the macpherson inquiry report was being compiled – before serving five years as the uk’s most senior policeman . 'cover-up ' : former met police commissioner lord stevens ( left ) is to be investigated into allegations of a cover-up over the stephen lawrence murder probe in the nineties . sparked new investigation : neville lawrence , the father of murdered stephen lawrence , made a complaint last october about the failure of senior officers during the macpherson inquiry . the complaint concerns a letter to the macpherson inquiry in 1998 , in which lord stevens stated that no officer or former officer involved in giving evidence was under investigation for corruption . it is alleged that the letter included misleading information . however , last night sources close to the former scotland yard commissioner said he was vindicated last year by mark ellison qc , the author of an official report into the lawrence corruption allegations . a source said : ‘ any suggestion that anyone from the met would seek to withhold the truth from the macpherson inquiry at that time is completely untrue . last year mark ellison wrote to lord stevens to say he had done nothing wrong . ’ last night , channel 4 news – which revealed details of the ipcc probe into lord stevens – quoted him as saying : ‘ step very carefully , i’m not putting up with any more c**p about this . ’ quoting from a letter he received from mr ellison , lord stevens was reported to have said : ‘ no one is suggesting that you did anything that was culpable in any way . ’ baroness lawrence , pictured taking her seat in the house of lords in 2013 , described undercover police officers as ' disgraceful ' following the findings of the ellison review last year . the ipcc said : ‘ we can confirm we are independently investigating lord stevens following a referral from the metropolitan police . ’ the met said that after it received ‘ a public complaint in relation to lord stevens’ it made a referral to the ipcc last november . the met’s statement added : ‘ the complaint has been made in relation to lord stevens’s role as the then deputy commissioner and disclosure to the macpherson inquiry . facing probe : lord stevens pictured in 2001 alongside neville lawrence , whose complaint has sparked the latest investigation . ‘ this issue was raised in the stephen lawrence independent review by mark ellison qc , where he concluded there were defects in the level of information that the metropolitan police revealed to the inquiry . ’ mr lawrence had asked the ipcc to look into alleged failures of senior officers , including lord stevens , to provide ‘ full , frank and truthful’ information to the inquiry as well as claims that hundreds of files on past major police corruption probes were shredded . he welcomed the ipcc’s decision to investigate , telling channel 4 news : ‘i’m hoping that this time they’re going to come back with a result that can help us to get further into the truth of what was happening during the investigation into stephen’s death . ’ it took more than 18 years to bring two of stephen’s killers – gary dobson and david norris – to justice and they were jailed for life in 2012 . also that year , home secretary theresa may commissioned mr ellison qc to lead an independent review into whether there was evidence of corruption in the original lawrence investigation , and whether evidence had been withheld from the macpherson inquiry . last year she told parliament that there were ‘ serious concerns that… relevant material which would show corruption has not been revealed because it can not be found or has been destroyed’ . when the ellison review reported last year it said one former detective , john davidson , was suspected of corruption in the lawrence case , in which he had a key role . mr davidson has always denied the claims . long battle for justice : stephen 's mother doreen , now baroness lawrence , and father neville have been campaigning for more than 20 years . the duke and duchess of cambridge meet with baroness lawrence , stephen 's mother , at the stephen lawrence centre last month . damning : in his 1999 report william macpherson accused the met police of being institutionally racist . in 1998 , five years after stephen lawrence was murdered in south east london , retired high court judge sir william macpherson was appointed to head an inquiry into the killing . macpherson led the review into the conduct of the metropolitan police during the murder investigation after the police 's initial failure to apprehend the black teenager 's killers . in his report , published in february 1999 , macpherson accused the met of being institutionally racist but concluded that police corruption had not thwarted the case . however , he widely criticised the force 's handling of the lawrence case and said police did not carry out the investigation in an appropriate manner . he made over 70 recommendations , including to extend the number of offences classified as racist , make the police subject to greater public control and protect the rights for victims of crime . he also recommended that police forces increase the number of black and asian officers , prompting the government to pledge to increase the number of officers from minority ethnic groups from 2,500 to 8,000 by 2009 . and he recommended that the double jeopardy rule should be abrogated in murder cases to allow a retrial upon new and compelling evidence – something which became the law in 2005 with the passage of the criminal justice act 2003 . the macpherson report was dubbed ' one of the most important moments in the modern history of criminal justice in britain ' and credited with improving police attitudes to racism . jack straw , who was the home secretary from 1997 to 2001 during the time of the report , has previously declared that ordering the inquiry was ' the single most important decision i made as home secretary ' . however , home secretary theresa may expressed concerns in 2012 that evidence may have been withheld from the 1999 inquiry . she commissioned mark ellison qc to lead an independent review into whether there was evidence of corruption in the original lawrence investigation and last year told parliament that there were ' serious concerns that…relevant material which would show corruption has not been revealed because it can not be found or has been destroyed . ' lord stevens is now accused of failing to hand information over to the macpherson public inquiry . he originally stated in 1998 that no officer or former officer involved in giving evidence was under investigation for corruption .