a filmmaker , whose older sister has down syndrome , is confronting the misuse of the word ' retarded ' and exploring the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult in her upcoming documentary , which aims to change the way people think , speak and act . amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo . the director and producer , who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle , has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter , who has down syndrome . ' to full understand how and why the r-word came to be , we have to start at the beginning , so i am setting out on a journey to find out how , when and why the r-word became a part of popular culture , ' amanda says in the trailer for the documentary . scroll down for video . tight-knit : amanda lukoff ( left ) , pictured with her siblings , was inspired to create her documentary the r-word after growing up with her sister gabrielle ( center ) , who was born with down syndrome . amanda , who plans on starting principal photography this month , has already raised nearly $ 25,000 since starting the campaign in march . although she still has 25 days to reach her goal , she notes on the page that she will make the documentary whether or not she meets her fundraising target of $ 200,000 . in the preview clip , amanda explains that , while she was growing up , she knew her sister gabrielle ' was different , even special ' because of her intellectual disability . she adds that her sister 's refusal to let her down syndrome define her has been a source of inspiration for her in her own life . ' i have also realized that everyone is not as sensitive to my sister 's difference as i am , ' she says . sisterly support : amanda and gabrielle can be seen speaking at a podium during a private event . celebration : gabrielle was photographed happily dancing at amanda 's wedding to her now husband danny egan . after years of being confronted with the misuse of the word ' retarded ' when she was ' on the bus and at school , at work and parties , on tv and in movies , in music and books , and most recently all over social media ' amanda says she realized that other people were ' probably experiencing the same thing ' . ' i wanted to know how a term once used as a medical description for individuals with intellectual disabilities became a derogatory word used to put people down , ' she says . with her film , amanda is looking to see if the word ' transcends american society ' and will explore the lasting effects it has on people with intellectual disabilities , as well as their friends and families . spreading the word : amanda can be seen giving a presentation about her documentary . think first : amanda 's says she wants to change the way people speak . amanda explains that she hopes to empower people and also encourage others to think before they speak . ' we want to show people that the word [ retarded ] actually has a big impact when we use it , ' she tells the mighty . 'it’s not a light-hearted joke that some people believe it to be . ' the money amanda receives in donations will go towards filming , travel , animation and editing , among other things . but the amount of money she raises will only determine how quickly the documentary will be created . ' the film will be made no matter what , ' she says .