april fool 's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun , intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment . but one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke . randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ' fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds . his son then went about filming the moment of discovery . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror . scroll down for video . caught on camera : randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ' fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds - his then went about filming the moment of discovery . waterworks : but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with his six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror . ' oh no ! duncan , he pooped on my bed ! ' porter wails , referencing her pet dog . her father immediately tries to put a stop to the waterworks . ' honey , honey , wait . it 's not real poop . look , it 's pretend . papa got you ... april fool 's , papa did this . it 's pretend , he got you ! ' the cameraman says . he then tells porter to smile because he 's filming and does n't want to see her sad . ' oh honey , smile ! ' he encourages . not happy : ' oh no ! duncan , he pooped on my bed ! ' porter wails , referencing her pet dog . do n't be a party pooper : the cameraman tells porter to smile because he does n't want to see her sad . prankster : randy 's april fool 's day trick turn a tearful turn this year . randy , an attorney , told daily mail online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day . porter and her younger sister reagan , aged three , filled there grandfather’s office with dozens of stuffed animals and dolls so his desk was barely visible . apparently the youngsters ' father is a big practical joker . and by the looks of their april fool 's antics , it looks like porter and reagan are set to inherit the ' funnyman ' trait . let 's just hope they learn to smile when the shoe 's on the other foot . what a mess : randy , who runs a law firm , told daily mail online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day . up to no good : porter and her younger sister reagan johnston , aged three , filled there grandfather’s office with dozens of stuffed animals and dolls so his desk was barely visible .