tragic : an inquest heard shaun worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic . a night-shift worker was killed instantly in a horror crash seconds after sending a text whilst driving home from a speed awareness course , an inquest has heard . driver shaun worthington 's car was filmed on a truck 's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent . the 29-year-old died when his silver audi a4 collided with a truck on the a614 between burton agnes and haisthorpe , near bridlington , east yorkshire , on november 19 last year . his mother jane allen said : ' no mother should have to go through what i have and the devastation of losing a son . ' shaun was such a bright man and very popular with a lot of people . ' if someone somewhere reads this and it makes them stop using their phone while driving , then at least that is something . ' an inquest at hull coroner 's court held into mr worthington 's death heard how he had completed a 12-hour night shift at cranswick pet products in driffield , before driving to york to complete a speed awareness course on the morning of november 19 . he was on his way home to the house he shared with his sister andrea ward and her family in bridlington when the crash happened . mr worthington 's mobile phone records showed he had sent a text message at 1.04pm that afternoon , the same time the crash happened . collision investigator officer alfred place said a forward-facing camera on the truck captured mr worthington 's car drifting into the centre of the road before veering into the westbound carriageway into the path of the oncoming vehicle . the camera also captured the time of the crash as 1.04pm . truck driver mark harness told police at the scene he had tried to swerve to avoid mr worthington but nothing could be done . mr worthington 's family told the inquest how mr worthington had recently bought a new phone which did not fit into his previous mobile phone holder and that normally he would use his hands free device . plea : mr worthington 's mother , jean allen ( pictured ) , appealed to other motorists not to use their mobile phones when driving after it was found her son had sent a text message seconds before his car crashed . the stretch of the a614 where mr worthington was killed between burton agnes and haisthorpe , east yorkshire , on november 19 last year . he had been driving home from a speed awareness course . mrs allen said : ' if people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them , just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely ' . mrs allen said : ' shaun paid the ultimate price . he was not a reckless driver , he was n't on drugs or drinking . ' if people know that someone is driving they should not ring or text them , just wait until they have got to where they need to be safely . ' returning a verdict of accidental death , coroner paul marks reiterated mrs allen 's call for people not to use their phones while driving . he said : ' i would like to make a point to the public . ' all vehicle drivers should use hands-free communication accessories . ' when driving , motorists should not read or compose texts . they need to pull up if they want to send a text . ' mr worthington was born in hull and attended lambwath junior high school and malet lambert school , in east hull , before moving to bridlington with his family when he was 13 . he went on to study at east riding college , where he qualified as a chef . when he was 18 , he moved to spain with mrs allen and his stepfather john to help run the family business , a bar called goodfellas in magaluf . he spent about a year in the spanish resort before returning to bridlington . his family said they would like to thank everyone for their messages of support following his death . they also thanked police and family liaison officers for their support . mrs allen said : ' i could not have asked for a better son . ' i am going to miss him so much , but he will be forever with me in my heart . ' we are devastated by what has happened . it has blown our world apart . '