she 's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby , a sport nicknamed ' murder ball ' , during last september 's invictus games . now zara tindall , 33 , has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras . the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire . taking the strain : zara straps herself into mr edmond 's barrel-pulling harness . pull ! zara pretends to move off while husband mike beams from his perch on the barrel . edmond , who set off nine days and 517 miles ago , rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day , only stopping to sleep and take part in comedy gigs at pubs along the way . the bell 's barrel of laughs trek also saw edmond , who was the personal trainer on itv 's the biggest loser , joined by comedians including fred macaulay , mark dolan and rufus hound . actress joanna lumley launched the challenge at the blair athol distillery last week , while zara was at the finish line at the tedworth house help for heroes recovery centre . tindall , meanwhile , joined edmond for the final leg of the challenge - running with the personal trainer as he approached the finish line . ' it was good , ' said the 36-year-old afterwards . ' i would like to say that i did all the hard work but i just got the glory run in with him . all smiles : zara , who gave mr edmond a hug as he arrived ( right ) , certainly appeared to enjoy the experience . good effort : mr edmond , centre , rolled the barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire . joking around : zara , who is working towards 2016 's olympic games , struck a series of poses in the harness . support : zara had turned out to watch mr edmond and husband mike cross the finish line . ' i think the most impressive thing about him is that he is just a bit of a joker and he was telling stories about putting deep heat on people 's hats to make their eyes water . ' he was talking about keeping his mind entertained and having a laugh . the one thing you see with people who have been around the military is that when they are in adversity or a tough place they always know how to have a laugh and how to make time pass . ' edmond , whose fundraising drive was also supported by marston 's pubs , added : ' it 's been a monumental challenge but we 've made it and the support has been fantastic . ' we ca n't thank the british public enough . ' tindall , who recently appeared in the bear grylls endurance show mission survive , praised the work of help for heroes , which is set to benefit from edmond 's feat . ' tedworth house is a pretty impressive place and looks the bees knees , and it is great to see how the money helps , ' he said . he also revealed that he hopes to take on some charity challenges of his own . ' i am always quite keen to do any sort of charity challenges now that i am retired , ' he said . ' i am doing a quadrathlon later this year , which i am a little bit worried about . i have always enjoyed this type of challenge , so you never know . ' achievement : mr edmond , who managed to cover 60 miles a day , completed the feat in just nine days . heavy : mr edmond ran the entire way and rolled the whisky barrel for up to 12 hours a day . helping out : mike tindall ran the final few miles alongside mr edmond . beneficiary : the money raised by mr edmond will be donated to help for heroes .