history buffs around the world will now be able to access a rarely-seen napoleonic fort for the first time . the welsh fort , which defended britain from french invasion , will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea . known as st catherine 's island , and home to the historic tower and gun rooms , can currently only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide , which happens for only six hours per day . a rarely-seen napoleonic fort , off the coast of tenby , will now be accessible via footbridge for the first time . but tomorrow , planners are due to approve a new footbridge , which will stretch more than 328 ft ( 100 metres ) . this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby , pembrokeshire , for the first time . developer peter prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort , built in 1867 , and also for visitors to experience the stunning views . he said : ' putting a bridge across is integral and that 100m is critical . ' the tides limit pedestrian access to the island to one week in two and for a maximum of six hours per day . ' currently , the fort on st catherine 's island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide . the new visitor site will provide economic benefit , and also restore the historical building to its former glory . it 's expected that the pembrokeshire coast national park authority will approve the plans , which also include an on-site gift shop , security office and paths . not only will the new visitor attraction provide economic benefit , but it will also protect the integrity of the historic building , which was home to a napoleonic lookout post . such a reopening is also noteworthy as it 's has been closed to the public since the 1970s , when it was turned into a zoo . the soon-to-be-opened island also plans to host historical , nature and stargazing exhibitions in the future . mr prosser said that though the concept of a bridge has been approved , the specific design needs to be approved . although there was only a small church on the 200m long island for generations , it was taken over by the war office in the 1860s to house a fort . history lovers will know that pembrokeshire was the scene of the last attempted invasion of britain in 1797 . the soon-to-be-opened island also hopes to host historical , nature and stargazing exhibitions in the future .