the search for a couple , who disappeared in remote bushland in western australia 13 days ago , has continued with police searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep . jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith kehlet , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone , some 730km north east of perth . the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of sandstone in remote bushland which is popular amongst gold prospectors , inspector scott morrissey told the abc . jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith kehlet , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone , some 730km north east of perth . ' it is tough , remote — it 's virgin bushland , it varies from very rocky to sandy , there 's some undulating countryside , ' he said . inspector morrissey added that the kehlet 's campsite was intact , with their two vehicles , trailers and four-wheel drive quad bike parked at the site were also unharmed . police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far . no trace of the duo has been found . police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared ( flir ) equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far . ' the major hazard out there is there 's numerous old mine diggings or mine shafts , and yesterday we cleared 33 of those with specialist personnel from ses in kalbarri and dfes personnel in perth , ' inspector morrissey told the abc . ' those mine shafts range from 3 metres to 20 metres . ' it is unclear how many more mines will need to be searched or how well provisioned the missing couple are . inspector morrissey said police were hopeful but had prepared the kehlet 's family ' to expect a poor outcome ' . ' the major hazard out there is there 's numerous old mine diggings or mine shafts , and yesterday we cleared 33 of those with specialist personnel from ses in kalbarri and dfes personnel in perth , ' inspector scott morrissey said . jennie is described as fair skinned , with a medium build , approximately 157cms tall , with brown hair and green eyes . jennie was last seen wearing a yellow florescent coloured work shirt and raymond was wearing all blue . raymond is described as fair skinned , with a medium build , approximately 170cms tall , with brown hair and blue eyes . police urge anyone with any information regarding the couple to them on 131 444 or crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 .