officers who rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims , noxious smells and blaring sounds - a gloomy darkness pierced by bright flashes from a fire alarm , police testified wednesday . ' it was dim , the movie was still playing , the alarm was going off , ' aurora police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes . ' i began to notice the bodies , the live victims , the blood . ' prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded or saw loved ones gunned down in the july 20 , 2012 , attack . scroll down for video . the third day of the trial against suspected aurora , colorado movie theater shooter james holmes continued on wednesday . if convicted , holmes could be sentenced to death . pictured above in court on monday , far left . twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in aurora , colorado for a midnight showing of the dark knight rises in july 2012 . above , the scene of the theater after the shooting . twelve people died and 70 were wounded . holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder . he admits he was the shooter , his defense attorneys say , but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill . his lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity , which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely . prosecutors argue holmes was sane and fully aware that what he was doing was wrong . they want the jury to convict him and sentence him to die . holmes ' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity . prosecutors say holmes knew what he was doing , however . on the left , a sketch of holmes in court on monday and and 2012 mugshot on the right . in the opening days of the trial , prosecutors have appeared intent on planting a deeply upsetting image in the jurors ' minds . ' it smelled very , very bad , ' officer tomas campagna testified wednesday , describing the mixed odors of blood , sweat , urine and feces . ' it 's hard to imagine unless you 've been there . ' spent cartridges and casings from a shotgun , a rifle and a handgun littered the ground , so thick that officers could n't avoid stepping on them , campagna said . in places , the floor looked like it had been painted in blood , he said . cellphones left behind by the victims rang far into the night . more victims testified wednesday , describing the booms and the brilliant flashes of light that burst from the muzzles of the weapons aimed at them and the hot pain of being shot . one of those victims was joshua nowlan , a former member of the military who worked on aircraft carriers . he went to the movie , ' the dark knight rises , ' at the century 16 multiplex in the denver suburb of aurora with friends who had just returned from their honeymoon in florida . about 15 or 20 minutes into the film , a tear gas canister was thrown into the theater , and then the shooting started . nowlan , who shielded his friends from the bullets , was shot twice and has undergone multiple surgeries . he used the cane he now needs to walk to show jurors what he saw next . ' i assumed it had to be the shooter , from his stance ... he was walking around , and i can see him pointing the gun in a circular motion that looked like he was searching for more people ... i was terribly scared , ' nowlan told the court . ' my thought process was that he was searching for other people and that he was going to start going row by row , and that anybody he would see in that row who was still moving , he would shoot . ' he described the shooter firing three-round bursts . asked if the gunman moved fast or methodically , nowlan said : ' he was definitely moving slowly . ' none of the victims said they saw holmes ' face , but one of the police officers did . sgt . spc . gerald jonsgaard testified he saw holmes lying on the ground in the parking lot outside the theater as two officers arrested him . jonsgaard did n't identify holmes by name wednesday but said he was sitting at the defense table . holmes ' lawyers have not cross-examined any prosecution witnesses . they will call their own witnesses after the prosecution rests .