an armed man has been arrested after kidnapping a woman , shooting and killing census bureau guard and leading police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded . ronald anderson , 48 , who was charged in the crime spree , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ' visibly afraid ' girlfriend , according to court documents obtained on friday . it all took place on his birthday . anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. , suburb of prince george 's county , according to court records . he was released the day of his arrest . scroll down for video . ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested after he kidnapped a woman , shot a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left the suspect and a police officer wounded . anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his ' visibly afraid ' girlfriend . the guard , identified as lawrence buckner , died at a hospital in cheverly , maryland , at 7:19 p.m. thursday - his age is not known . the officer responding to a domestic dispute call said that the man 's girlfriend was clearly afraid . ' the victim was shaking , crying and was whispering while speaking because she was afraid of the suspect hearing her , ' the officer wrote , according to the documents . the woman , whose 10-month-old son was home , told police that anderson had hit her several times , knocking her into walls , because he thought she was looking at another man , the records say . another court record filed in d.c. superior court shows that anderson pleaded guilty to manslaughter while armed in 1991 in washington , d.c. no other details were immediately available about that case . anderson 's attorney 's phone number rang busy friday . he has been charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer in thursday 's spree but remains hospitalized in unknown condition . more serious charges could follow in the jurisdiction where the guard was killed . anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting . a drug charge related to his february case had been set for a dismissal hearing friday , but that was canceled . the trial on the assault charge is set for july . the officer and suspect , who has not been named , were both conscious when they were taken for medical care , d.c. police chief cathy lanier told a news conference . police search a parking garage on the u.s. census bureau headquarters campus for the armed man . the wounded officer is recovering . the census bureau guard who was shot , lawrence buckner , 59 , died at a hospital in cheverly , maryland , at 7.19pm thursday . anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting . a drug charge related to his february case had been set for a dismissal hearing friday , but that was canceled . the trial on the assault charge is set for july . buckner had served for about eight years in the u.s. army and worked in the security field for more than two decades , according to a friday statement from hunt valley , maryland-based company master security , where buckner was a contractor working for the federal government . he leaves behind a wife , son and four grandchildren as well as a large extended family . d.c. police chief cathy lanier told a news conference a guard at a gate of the u.s. census bureau in suitland , maryland , saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping about six miles away in northeast washington . when the guard approached the car , the man shot him and took off , crossing the border into the nation 's capital and firing at d.c. police who had begun to chase him , lanier said . he fired again at them during the chase before police blocked him and collided with his car , lanier said . the shooting was not terrorism-related , fbi baltimore spokeswoman amy j. thoreson told the associated press in an email . the police chief confirmed that . officers guard the u.s. census bureau building after reports that a federal officer had been shot . cornered , the suspect opened fire again and police shot back . during the exchange of gunfire , both the suspect and an officer were wounded , she said . ' we have every reason to believe that the car we have ... is the same car involved ' in the kidnapping , the shooting at the census bureau , and the shooting at police , lanier said . police said in a news release that the woman who was allegedly kidnapped was found safe . the shooting was not terrorism-related , fbi baltimore spokeswoman amy j. thoreson told the associated press in an email . the police chief confirmed that . ' we believe this was domestic related , ' she said . the shooting ' was a tragic and scary event for the census bureau family , ' agency director john thompson said in a friday statement . ' we know the situation last night was tense , especially for the hundreds of employees who sheltered in the building and in their cars for several hours not knowing when the incident would be over , ' he said . suzanne spaulding , the undersecretary for the national protection and programs directorate in the department of homeland security , wrote in an e-mail to employees on friday morning ' officer buckner fatally placed himself in harm 's way to ensure the employees and occupants of the facility remained safe against this criminal activity , ' reports the washington post . the gate that leads to census bureau remains closed where a guard was shot and killed on thursday . the shooter then led police on a car chase through maryland and washington , before being cornered and exchanging gunfire with and a police leaving one officer wounded .