a radical muslim preacher has been refused a passport after the home office accused him of planning to join islamic state . trevor brooks , an associate of islamist firebrand anjem choudary , was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . a home office letter says that brooks , also known as abu izzadeen , is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun . trevor brooks is a known associate of islamist firebrand preacher anjem choudary ( pictured ) . the letter adds : ' it is also assessed that you intend to travel overseas to syria where you would use this opportunity to engage in terrorism-related activity , likely fighting alongside the terrorist organisation known as the islamic state . ' brooks , 39 , was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence . the home office said it could not discuss individual cases . chourdary made headlines last month when it emerged he had been invited to speak at the oxford union despite being on police bail on suspicion of being a member of a banned terror group . the notorious rabble rouser received an invitation by letter from the debating society , which stated it would be a ' great privilege ' to have choudary appear as the star guest . choudary , who once said that woolwich terror victim fusilier lee rigby would ' burn in hellfire ' , was even offered a choice of days on which to attend the debate entitled : this house believes that radicalism is born at home . britain 's most notorious hate preacher proudly showed off his invitation after launching a hate-filled rant against western society outside the houses of parliament in late march . he said : ' i am still on police bail after being arrested by scotland yard in september last year . ' but the police ca n't stop me from speaking . they ca n't stop me from going to the oxford union where i 've been invited to speak . ' he was one of nine men held in a series of co-ordinated dawn raids by counter terrorism police in september last year . all the men were held on suspicion of being a member of , or backing a banned terrorist group and supporting terrorism .