it has been described as a ' maritime masterpiece ' . the ' finest ' steam yacht in australia . originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . and now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 , the property observer reports . this steam boat has been described as a maritime masterpiece . the finest steam yacht in australia . originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . agent paul summers said the edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million . designed by walter reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today . it first undertook war service as hmas sleuth in world war i before it sank years later in 1981 near hobart after hitting an object underwater , according to the property observer . ena was brought back to sydney where she was purchased and further restored - and renamed ' aurore ' - which in total reportedly cost around $ 4 million . she become a commercial cargo and fishing vessel . the boat then came under the ownership of miner pat burke , which became the infamous playground for his close friends at the time - rene rivkin and david baffsky , the property observer reports . designed by walter reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today . the historica steam boat was initially named ena then renamed after aurore . the boat first undertook war service as hmas sleuthin world war i before it sank years later in 1981 near hobart after hitting an object underwater , according to the property observer . the main saloon of the edwardian style yacht also features a detailed timber table . the interior has varnished timber throughout , while below the deck there is a ladies ' cabin that has seating and carved woodwork with etched glass murals . it 's further marketed to have a gentlemen 's saloon with the addition of day beds and a folding card table . since then it has been relocated from sydney to melbourne , available for exclusive cruises on port phillip bay and yarra river . inspections of the historic steam boat is by appointment only and will be up for auction on tuesday , may 19 . the boat became a luxury playground for rene rivkin and his mates . since then ena has been relocated from sydney to melbourne for exclusive cruises on port phillip bay and yarra river . the interior has varnished timber throughout , while below the deck there is a ladies ' cabin that has seating and carved woodwork with etched glass murals . it 's further marketed to have a gentlemen 's saloon complete with day beds and a folding card table . the main also features a detailed timber table . listed by paul sumner at mossgreen , he told the property observer the edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $ 1.2 million . inspections of the historic steam boat is by appointment only . it will be up for auction on tuesday , may 19 .