in the end it took a mexican to end this utterly absorbing stand-off , the irrepressible , if rather unimpressive , javier hernandez scoring the goal that ended almost 180 minutes of deadlock between these fierce city rivals . only here on loan from manchester united for a season , it was a goal that means hernandez will be adored at the santiago bernabeu long after he has gone . but it was also a reward for ambition over the more conservative approach of diego simeone and his well-drilled side ; for the team that enjoyed twice as much of the ball and the better of the chances that were created in this tense , niggly champions league quarter-final tie . javier hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final between the madrid neighbours . hernandez runs away to celebrate his goal as atletico madrid were finally beaten after almost two full matches against real madrid . hernandez celebrates as he became the hero for real madrid late on during the champions league quarter-final second leg . hernandez runs away in celebration after scoring the only goal in 180 minutes between the sides to settle the two-legged derby . hernandez slides on his knees to celebrate putting real madrid into the semi-finals of europe 's elite competition at the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo joins in with the celebrations at the bernabeu as hernandez sneaked the winner against their neighbouring rivals . ronaldo clenches his fists as he celebrates his side taking an all-important lead against their neighbours atletico madrid . arda turan is sent off by german referee felix brych in the 76th minute as atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men . atletico madrid players protest the second yellow card shown to turan which left the visitors up against it at the bernabeu . turan receives a pat on the back of the head by real madrid 's fabio coentrao after the turkey international was sent off . real madrid ( 4-3-3 ) : casillas 6 ; carvajal 6 , pepe 6.5 , varane 6 , coentrao 6 ; ramos 6.5 , kroos 8 , isco 7 ; rodriguez 7 , hernandez 6 , ronaldo 6 . subs not used : navas , khedira , lucas silva , arbeloa , nacho . booked : pepe , arbeloa . scorers : hernandez ( 88 ) . manager : carlo ancelotti . atletico madrid ( 4-4-2 ) : oblak 8 ; juanfran 6.5 , miranda 7 , godin 7 , gamez 7 ; turan 5 , tiago 6.5 , koke 7 , saul 6 ( gabi 46 6 ) ; griezmann 6.5 ( raul garcia 65 6 ) , mandzukic 6 . subs not used : moya , siqueira , jimenez , torres . booked : turan , raul garcia , koke . sent off : turan ( 76 ) . manager : diego simeone . referee : felix brych ( germany ) 8 . man of the match : kroos . it was hard to see what atletico were trying to achieve at times . a victory on penalties perhaps . but when arda turan was dismissed in the 75th minute for what looked like a harsh second yellow card for a challenge on the all-too theatrical sergio ramos , an opportunity suddenly presented itself to real . a frustrated figure until atletico were reduced to 10 men , cristiano ronaldo made a jinking , purposeful run into the penalty area before executing the all-important pass . hernandez had missed his earlier chances . one of them a clear cut opening thanks to a wonderful reverse-pass from isco . but this time he delivered , the little pea scoring arguably the biggest goal of his career with a sweeping effort from 12 yards . in the starting line-up only because of an injury to karem benzema , hernandez performed much as he has all season here . committed and energetic but just lacking the class of his temporary club-mates . but with this contest only two minutes from moving into extra-time , goalless if far from gutless , hernandez made no mistake when it mattered most . ancelotti seems to beat atletico when it matters most . in last year’s champions league final . here on wednesday night . seven times already this season these two teams had met and seven times real had failed to conquer their less glamorous neighbours . but there is a reason why ancelotti is the only living manager to have lifted the european cup on three occasions , and today he is a significant step closer to winning the greatest club competition of all for an unprecedented fourth time . it might even secure his position at the bernabeu , given how uncertain his future appears to be despite delivering la decima last season . ‘ every game is an exam and tonight we passed the exam well , ’ said the amiable italian with his trademark chuckle . what an extraordinary night it had been . as early as two hours before kick-off the streets around this magnificent stadium were packed with people , their rhythmic chanting rivalled only by the hum of the police helicopters hovering overhead . champions league nights between two teams from the same country have this special quality . rarely has an atmosphere been greater in english football than when chelsea travelled to anfield for that first semi-final back in 2005 . real madrid striker hernandez had been having a frustrating evening for real madrid up until his goal in the 88th minute . hernandez could n't quite believe how he missed his chance to give real madrid the all-important lead at the bernabeu before his goal . hernandez 's starting place for real madrid was described by local media as the ' biggest match of his career ' and he lived up to it . but this was extra special . this was a madrid derby with a difference and the deafening roar that greeted the end of the champions league anthem said as much . you could barely hear yourself think never mind what the person sat next to you was saying , and it was no different when turan was dismissed and when hernandez then struck the decisive blow . for ancelotti it must have come as something of a relief after the tactical juggling he had to perform in the absence of key personnel . as well as benzema , gareth bale , luka modric and marcello were also missing and the decision to deploy ramos in midfield caused some concern here . after all , only once before had the italian tried it and after losing 2-1 to barcelona he admitted to making a mistake . afterwards he laughed about it too , joking that attempts to kill him last time had proved unsuccessful so he felt safe doing it again . this game quickly followed a familiar theme , with real pressing deep in the half of the well-drilled atletico . simeone , simmering and animated on the sidelines , applauded his players for the naughty challenges as well as the good ones , seemingly happy to see his side play so negatively . real madrid defender sergio ramos sends a powerful header towards goal but is unable to give his team the lead at the bernabeu . ramos tries to encourage the crowd to make more noise at the bernabeu as real madrid tried to break the deadlock . ramos goes down holding his face during the madrid derby at the bernabeu for the champions league quarter-final second leg . ramos holds his face as german referee brych approaches to figure out what is wrong with the spain defender . but the chances would come for real , with ronaldo forcing a fine save from the impressive jan oblak just before the break and hernandez failing to capitalise on that delightful ball from isco just after the restart . only when turan was dismissed did the breakthrough come , however , ronaldo and hernandez exploiting the slight tactical change simeone had been forced to make as a result of the red card . atletico’s manager said he had no regrets . ‘ i am proud of my players , ’ he said . ‘ but congratulations to our rivals , who played a good game and scored a beautiful goal . ’ which it was . a triumph for the beautiful game too . cristiano ronaldo rises to get his head to the ball above atletico madrid 's miranda ( centre ) and diego godin ( left ) during the tie . ronaldo reflects after a missed chance during the real madrid vs atletico madrid tie in the champions league quarter-final second leg . it proved a physical contest as usual between the madrid sides as ronaldo is pictured here complaining to the referee after a foul . atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak had looked dominant between the sticks for the visitors as he fought for a cleansheet . oblak allows the ball to go over his goal safely as atletico madrid tried to defend the attacks of their great rivals and neighbours real . atletico madrid goalkeeper oblak dives to his left to make a save during the nervy champions league tie for both sides . diego simeone ( left ) and carlo ancelotti embrace amid the madrid derby as both teams went head to head at the bernabeu . the real madrid team bus was greeted by thousands of supporters outside the ground ahead of kick-off in the european tie . fans showed their support for the real madrid squad as they arrived at the bernabeu for wednesday night 's match with rivals atletico . this goal map shows how hernandez scored the only strike of the two legs ... click here for statistics , heat maps and more like this !