arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week . the arsenal manager , who has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 , has lifted the lid on his pre-match rituals in an interview with the official arsenal magazine . wenger said : ' i always have eight or nine players of my team in my head the day before the game , but there 's always a doubt on one or two . arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his arsenal team . wenger lifts the fa cup following arsenal 's triumph over hull city at wembley last season . ' you try to make it as scientific as much as you can , but it 's intuitive as well because you have to think if the balance of the team is right or if one player was a bit better in the last training session . ' when two players are together in your mind , competing for one position , every single detail can go for one of them - experience , confidence under pressure - everything can make a difference . ' i always have a final chat with the medical people to make my mind up and make sure that everybody is alright . i do that on the morning of every game . then i make my decision . ' but even though the frenchman waits until the hours before the game to confirm his team , the overall selection process takes much longer . wenger , drenched in champagne , is held aloft by his players after arsenal 's fa cup win last season . wenger said : ' anyway , you always have your team in your head , for the whole week . you never go to bed without thinking about what the next line-up will be . ' you live with that always . that can create uncertainties , because you think about it every day . ' if you do n't know on friday night , you will not know on saturday morning so you have to decide in your head early , and go for it . ' wenger 's methods have delivered three premier league titles and five fa cups during his tenure at arsenal . 