with his lively eyebrows , winkled cheeks and eyes that follow you around the room - this state-of-the-art robotic head is menacingly lifelike . the humanoid , known as ham , has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in hong kong this week . the head , designed by american robotics designer david hanson , is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios . scroll down for video . incredibly lifelike : known as ham , this humanoid is made using specialised software and can recognise and respond to facial expressions . ham is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show at asiaworld expo - the largest event of its kind in the world , with more than 4,000 booths displaying the latest gadgets . the head is created with malleable material called frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . it contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across ( there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre ) . using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way . according to hanson robotics 's website , the humanoids can actually see your face , make eye contact with you , and understand speech to ' engage you in witty dialogue ' . such reactions are a major feat of engineering , according to chief designer david hanson , the founder and and president of hanson robotics . reactive : the robot smiles using multiple motors - which whir into action and subtly adjust multiple points of articulation around his mouth and brown eyes . state-of-the-art : the head is created with malleable material using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . it contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across ( there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre ) . it is not the first human-looking robot that his firm has created either . an earlier version of ham drew headlines as it was sculpted to look like albert einstein , complete with a bushy moustache and a shock of white hair . the einstein humanoid made facial expressions by using multiple motors - which whir into action and subtly adjust multiple points of articulation around his mouth and brown eyes . mr hanson sees robotics as his calling and works on many fronts , from sculpting features to developing artificial intelligence . to advance to the next step of producing robots for everyday applications in entertainment , health care and education , he decided to move to hong kong with his family - his wife amanda and their son zeno . the city has a booming robotics community with a high amount of expertise and design infrastructure and new technology can be developed at a lower cost than in the us . leading designer : mr hanson sees robotics as his calling and works on many fronts , from sculpting features to developing artificial intelligence . on show : ham is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show at asiaworld expo - the largest event of its kind in the world . previous model : the einstein robot , which made its public debut at the technology , entertainment and design conference in the u.s in 2009 , was developed at the university of california ( uc ) . 