a two-year-old girl in southern california was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash . the gardena toddler reportedly shouted ' mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on thursday . her girl , who has not been identified , was found injured outside of jim 's burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . scroll down for video . a two-year-old girl from gardena , california , was found thursday night after disappearing from a car wash and shouting ' mommy ' . police are searching for the driver of a white recent-model nissan altima , which was seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted . claudia robles , who was heading into the burger joint around 7.15pm , said that the little girl had scratches on her legs and was afraid of going toward the male police officers . the little girl , whom gardena police have asked not to be identified , repeatedly covered her eyes and screamed after she was found . police , who originally said she was ok , would not describe the extent of her injuries , according to ktla . the girl 's mother was too distressed to speak to media . ' she 's a pure little innocent baby , ' her aunt grecian alvarez said . the young girl was discovered sitting alone in the parking lot of a burger restaurant 13 miles away and was scared by male police officers . police would not describe the extent of the young girl 's injuries . above , the white nissan was also seen driving in a gardena neighborhood . her abductor is believed to be a stranger to the two-year-old . authorities are looking for the driver of a white , recent-model nissan altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted . the driver , who had tinted windows , is believed to be a serial predator . caesar alvarez , the girl 's uncle , said that she was doing well on friday . she was taken to st francis medical center for examination . 