jose mourinho has declared that he does n't care where chelsea win the premier league , so long as they end up claiming the title . the blues lead the table by six points , with a game in hand , and face stoke city at home on saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season . ' i dont care if it is in the hotel or away or at home , i just want to win it , ' said mourinho , as chelsea trained at cobham on friday . jose mourinho was speaking at chelsea 's press conference ahead of their premier league clash . eden hazard will start for chelsea against stoke city on saturday following a tiring international break . mourinho ( right ) watches as his players filipe luis ( left ) and nemanja matic train . ' in any occasion i think the club who wins it gets the trophy in our last match at home , and our last game of the season is at home ( to sunderland ) . ' so if we win the title we get the trophy at our house . but i do n't care , even if somebody loses the trophy and we do n't get it i am happy with that . i just want to win it . ' mourinho will start eden hazard against stoke on saturday despite the player suggesting he is tired . the belgian said earlier this week he is feeling weary as the season reaches its climax . but the chelsea manager , who also confirmed diego costa has recovered from a hamstring injury , will not take his wing wizard out of the firing line against the potters . hazard started both of belgium 's euro 2016 qualifiers during the international break . chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois gets down to his left to make a save in training . juan cuadrado ( left ) battles team-mate cesar azpilicueta ( centre ) for the ball . chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas attempts a pass under pressure from team-mate ramires . ' hazard is tired because he played two matches in three days , ' said mourinho . ' he travelled and did n't sleep because he arrived in belgium at 5 or 6 in the morning after playing in israel . we think he can recover in these couple of days , but he plays tomorrow ( saturday ) . ' that 's football . that 's what a season is like for a player who is important for both his club and national team . i want to play him every time and the coach of his country wants to play him every time . ' he is a team player that plays with the ball , creates , dribbles and players with lots of intensity so it is not a surprise that he can be a bit tired . but i believe in him , the team and his ambition to play . ' and i believe in his desire to help the team reach their season objective , so i will start with him . ' hazard ( left ) in action for belgium against israel during their euro 2016 qualifying win on tuesday . hazard started both games for belgium during the international break , but was subbed off in both . spain striker costa missed the international break with injury , but could yet feature against stoke at stamford bridge on saturday evening after training for the last couple of days . however mourinho refused to confirm whether his top scorer would start the game . ' diego trained on thursday and friday with the group , ' continued mourinho . ' he is not injured but i do n't know if i will start with him or not . i need to analyse the situation with him and make a decision . ' ' he dedicated himself to getting fit on his days off , working hard in the morning and afternoon . we can say that we did all the tests and scans to confirm that scientifically at this moment the muscle is fine . ' but in football you need the confidence to know you are free to express maximum intensity , and that 's our doubt . so we 'll see in the next 24 hours then decide . ' chelsea 's willian ( second left ) , matic ( second right ) and luis ( right ) train on friday . diego costa ( centre ) is back in training but could not be fit enough to start against stoke . costa vies for the ball with fellow chelsea striker didier drogba ( left ) at cobham . louis van gaal 's manchester united still have a chance of winning the league , according to mourinho . although they sit six points clear at the top of the league with a game in hand on all their nearest rivals , mourinho still believes that there is still a four-horse race for the title this season . ' look at the points difference , ' he said . ' you have to say four ( teams ) now . not five , because there 's a gap from fourth to fifth and , with eight matches to go , that 's a difficult gap from first to fifth . ' but the points difference between second , third and fourth makes me think and feel that they are there . ' he added : ' we need six victories and one draw from nine matches . it is a good situation for us , and one all the other clubs would like to have . but it 's pure mathematics . we need to win six matches and draw one . we need to do that , and we have n't done it yet . ' and despite manchester united 's inconsistency this season , mourinho still believes louis van gaal 's side are still in with a shot at the title . ' the number of the points is the number of points , ' mourinho added . ' they are there . the points are there . in the last few matches they 've become consistent in results and the quality of their performances . they are there . '     