we’ve all been there : you hear a catchy song and for days - or even weeks - on end you just can’t get it out of your head . known as an earworm or brainworm , the effect has been studied before - but its cause , and how to get rid of it , is poorly understood . now researchers say they have an answer ; chewing gum after hearing a catchy song will help you think about it less often . reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song . in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing ( stock image shown ) . and they were a third less likely to ' hear ' it when chewing gum . the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts . the study was carried out by scientists at the university of reading . in the research 98 volunteers were played the ‘ catchy tunes’ play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5 . - recent music exposure . - repeated music exposure . - word triggers ( eg . the word ‘faith’ ) . - people triggers ( where sight or memory of a person is associated with a song ) . - situation trigger ( eg . weddings can cause you to remember your own first dance song ) . - stress . - surprise . - dreams . - mind wandering . over the next three minutes , they were then asked to hit a key every time they thought of the songs - while chewing gum , not chewing gum or tapping their finger . while chewing gum , volunteers reported thinking of the song less often than when they weren’t chewing gum , or when they were told to tap their finger instead . and chewing gum also reduced the amount they ‘heard’ the song in their minds by a third . the study is the first to examine the effects of chewing gum on earworms - and it suggests it could also be used to stop other unwanted or intrusive thoughts . ‘ interfering with our own “ inner speech” through a more sophisticated version of the gum-chewing approach may work more widely , ’ said dr phil beaman , from the university’s school of psychology and clinical language sciences , who led the study . in the research 98 volunteers were played the ‘ catchy tunes’ such as play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5 ( pictured ) . over the next three minutes , they were then asked to hit a key every time they thought of the songs - while chewing gum , not chewing gum or tapping their finger . while chewing gum , volunteers reported thinking of the song less often than when they weren’t chewing gum , or when they were told to tap their finger instead . and chewing gum also reduced the amount they ‘heard’ the song in their minds by a third ( stock image shown ) . ‘ however more research is needed to see whether this will help counter symptoms of obsessive-compulsive and similar disorders . ’ in a previous study by the university of reading in 2009 , it was found that almost any song can become an earworm . a recent poll suggested over 90 per cent of the population experience them at least once a week with 15 per cent classifying their earworms as ‘disturbing’ .