will stevens is hoping for third time lucky this weekend in his bid to finally compete in a grand prix weekend with manor . stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two formula one events of the year in australia and malaysia . manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration , notably in melbourne where stevens and team-mate roberto merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap due to the rebuild of their it infrastructure . manor driver will stevens is hoping to compete in the chinese grand prix this weekend . at sepang , after taking part in the two friday practice sessions , stevens frustratingly missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue . the 23-year-old , speaking ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix , said : ' clearly malaysia was a tough weekend for me . ' it started pretty well , i felt comfortable in the car straight away , and the pace we had in p1 and p2 would have got us easily inside 107 per cent for qualifying , so that was a positive . ' to then miss qualifying and the race was disappointing , but then we came into this year knowing the first few races would be difficult . ' i want to be out in quali and racing , and if i 'm not then i 'm going to be disappointed and frustrated because my job is to race . stevens , pictured driving during a practice session in malaysia , is yet to compete in qualifying this season . ' but i understand everything that has gone on . it 's great the team are back ( in f1 ) and i understand the effort that has gone into that . ' it 's not as if i 'm sitting here not understanding what everyone has had to go through . ' i 'm part of the team and i need to understand everything that is going on . as i do , it makes problems easier to get through . ' so third time lucky and i hope this weekend will be good . ' coming here we 're in a much better position again and i 'd like to think i 'll be racing . ' stevens is confident the problem that struck in malaysia will not reoccur at the shanghai international circuit . stevens walks alongside his manor team-mate roberto merhi at sepang circuit late last month . ' it 's about working our way through everything we 've got to get through , ' said stevens . ' gremlins creep up and you have to figure out what they are and move on from there . ' that 's what we 've done and we 're as sure as we can be this weekend we should be running smoothly . ' roberto saw the flag in malaysia , which was great for the team he did . it was good data and mileage . ' so this weekend we should be up and running and everything should be good . ' 