many californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state 's historic drought . water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called ' gray water ' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week . those techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees - but these californians maintain it 's the inevitable future of water conservation . extreme water saver : robin weld of sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown in the face of the state 's historic drought . clean water comes in through the faucet , is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush . robin weld , who lives in parched sacramento , recently took the step of converting her home 's toilet into a toilet-sink . for $ 100 , weld purchased the sink positive , she told cbs sacramento . it replaces the tradition lid to her toilet tank with a small hand sink . ' we 're washing our hands and then reusing that water , ' weld said . clean city water comes in through the faucet and then fills the tank instead of simply going to waste . on the next flush , the used hand sink water comes down into the bowl . ' the average person uses the bathroom what at least five times a day so that 's five times a day , so that adds up , ' she said . and just next door to weld , her neighbor chris brown is using the left over water from his showers , laundry and other tasks to irrigate his yard . first , the ' gray water ' goes through a filtration system that brown had installed as the drought - now in its fifth year - continued to worsen . gray water : weld 's neighbor chris brown collects all the soapy used water from this home 's washing machine 's , showers and sinks and uses it to irrigate trees and plants in his yard . a/c condensation : south of weld and brown , in the affluent la neighborhood of brentwood , scott mathers , the owner of hey ! tanks la , has installed one of his company 's 10,000-gallon rainwater tanks under his home as well as a smaller tank to collect gray water . one place he gets water is from the condensate from his home a/c units . ' every drop of water flows down to this pipe , runs underground now , down to the front yard , and then it 's spread , ' brown explained to cbs sacramento . to the south , a resident of los angeles ' affluent brentwood neighborhood is going to even bigger extremes to conserve precious moisture . scott mathers , the owner of hey ! tanks la , tells cbsla he 's installed one of his company 's 10,000-gallon rainwater tanks under his home as well as a smaller tank to collect gray water . one of the sources of the gray water : the condensation from his admittedly large home 's air conditioning units . mathers uses his gray water to , among other things , feed his horses . ' there are so many opportunities to harvest your water on your site , ' he says . while they may appear to verge on the fanatical now , these conservationists believe what they are doing is the new normal for the golden state . according to the u.s. geological survey , california’s 2014 water year was the third driest in 119 years and the warmest on record , so perpetual wildfire season also appears to be the new normal . gray water systems like aqua2use filter a home 's soapy water in order to make it usable for plants and lawns . and there’s little relief on the horizon : the national weather service’s seasonal drought outlook predicts developing , persisting or intensifying drought conditions for most of the american west through at least the end of june . the sierra nevada snowpack is at 5 percent of normal , the lowest since record-keeping began in 1950 . with the wet season over and with no major rainfall in the forecast , parched conditions will continue . the sierra snowpack is a key element of california 's water supply . about one-third of the state 's water comes from snowpack that melts in the spring and summer , recharging groundwater and replenishing reservoirs . but with hardly any snow recorded during the last survey of the year , there will be little runoff to refill half-empty reservoirs . many southern california cities get their drinking water from the colorado river basin , which supplies water to about 40 million people and 4 million acres of farmland in seven states . brown 's order called for investment in new water technologies and the streamlining of water projects such as desalination plants that turn ocean water into drinking water . such facilities , however , are expensive to build . unprecendented : calif. gov . jerry brown on wednesday ordered sweeping and unprecedented measures to save water in california . no snow : surveyors on wednesday found the lowest snow level in the sierra nevada snowpack in 65 years of record-keeping , marking a fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow that california depends on to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .   