neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals . this is according to marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the french region of poitou-charentes . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals . this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years . pictured is cuts on a forearm bone . since the marillac site in france was unearthed , the discovery of fossil remains of animals , humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for neanderthals . the latest study has , for the first time , studied the bones of three individuals found between 1967 and 1980 at the french site dating back some 57,600 years . these are an incomplete diaphysis – or the middle part of long bones - of a right forearm bone , another of a left leg bone and the majority of a right thigh bone . the latter belonged to a child . when compared to the remains of other neanderthals and modern humans , scientists found bone marks made shortly after death . cut marks seen on the thigh bone of the neanderthal child . maría dolores garralda , professor at the complutense university of madrid , and lead authors told sinc : ' some neanderthal groups cut and tore apart child or adult corpses shortly after death using lytic instruments ' . several years ago , spanish researchers came up with a dramatic new theory for the end of the neanderthal - that humans ate them . the researchers point out we have already contributed to the extinction of 178 large mammals . they are now involved in further research on the bones of neanderthal man to look for signs of human tooth marks . ' except in its native africa , in the other continents homo sapiens can be considered as an invasive alien species , ' write researchers policarp hortolà and bienvenido martínez-navarro of the universitat rovira i virgili in tarragona , spain . ' the only manner to test it is to find direct evidences of modern human eating marks on neanderthal remains , such cut or broken marks on bones in artifacts made by modern humans , ' he said . the team believe that as homo sapien spread into europe and asia , where homo neanderthalensis was , it was treated just another food source - and a competitor . maría dolores garralda , professor at the complutense university of madrid , and lead authors told sinc : ' some neanderthal groups cut and tore apart child or adult corpses shortly after death using lytic instruments . ' the thigh bone fragment , which appears to be from a child who died at the age of 9 or 10 , shows two large cut marks half a centimetre apart . from its state of preservation , the researchers suggest that the bone was fractured when still fresh with the aim of separating the upper and lower extreme of the thigh bone , where the joints are located . the upper edge exhibits marks of a 'post-mortem ' impact with markings that do not follow natural separation of the bones . the lower region had a clear , oblique spiral break which seems to have occurred while the bone was fresh . ' given the morphology of the fractures , it may be that the body of this child was manipulated shortly after death , ' professor garralda said . ' the right leg received a series of blows that fractured the femur , and the cut marks identified are anthropic in nature ; in other words , there is no visible evidence of animal bites . ' the bones of the two adults show these and other markings . the fragment of the radius , possibly belonging to a man , also has small , fine cut marks made with flint tools shortly after death . ' the most significant are three striations together crossing over each other while the bone was still fresh , ' the study says . in the leg bone , although the fresh fractures of both extremes can be seen , there are also signs of damage at the lower end.but ' there is no evidence of cut . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . as for the leg bone , although the fresh fractures of both extremes can be seen , there are also signs of damage at the lower end . but ' there is no evidence of cuts or traces of carnivores ' teeth , ' the researcher insists . the expert remains cautious regarding the of cannibalism , due to the large number of animal bones found on the site . ' they might have been rituals – still in the 21st century these continue in certain parts of the world – or for food – gastronomic cannibalism or due to need , ' the authors claim . ' to date we have been able to demonstrate these manipulations at several neanderthal sites in europe , which are of course much more recent , including in groups of contemporary humans , but we have not been able to demonstrate the consumption of human meat by neanderthals , ' professor garralda said . the expert remains cautious regarding the of cannibalism , due to the large number of animal bones found on the site . the discovery was made in the french region of poitou-charentes in south-western france .