an eccentric man is fighting to keep his driving licence photo as a picture of him with a colander on his head because it is his ' religious right ' . ian harris , 51 , from brighton , east sussex , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster whose followers , known as pastafarians , regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment . he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo , which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs . ian harris is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster , whose followers believe the colander is a religious garment and he is fighting with the dvla for his right to wear one in his driving licence photo . the father-of-one has already been turned down once by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid . mr harris said : ' i 'm fighting for the right to have my religious headgear shown on my photo . i do n't understand the dvla should be able to discriminate whether my religion is valid . ' i have a spiritual connection with the flying spaghetti monster , until they have brain probes how are they going to say i do n't ? ' our religion is a minority but the dvla is discriminating because it allows people who practise major religions to wear headgear in pictures . ' the musician had his appeal rejected last month but hopes to emulate fellow believer niko alm from austria , who won the legal right to wear the headgear in his licence photo in 2011 . mr alm sent off for the licence in 2008 and he was invited to the doctor 's to check he was mentally fit to drive , but after three years , his efforts finally paid off . mr harris began following the religion , along with his daughter astri , 4 , after it was set up in the usa in 2005 to protest the teaching of creationism as an alternative to evolution in science classes . members claim to believe that an invisible alien made of spaghetti and meatballs created the universe after ' drinking heavily . ' according to its tongue-in-cheek website their ' only dogma ... is the rejection of dogma ' . rejection : mr harris has already been turned down once by the government agency but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear and in a second bid . a dvla spokesman said : ' the photograph must be clear and be a current likeness to allow the police to link the driver to driving entitlement held without confusion or ambiguity . ' headgear is generally not acceptable , but may be permissible on religious or medical grounds and any exemptions are dealt with on a case by case basis . ' religious exemptions include the sikh turban and the islamic hijab . mr harris , who plays banjo in the iron boot scrapers , vows to fight his corner until he runs out of appeals when he will be forced to send a photo of him without the colander . he said : ' when i get to the final appeal i will have to send a photo without a colander but that would be a bad day for religious freedom . ' other countries including the united states , austria and the czech republic allow pastafarians to wear the metal sieves in their licence pictures . the austrian authorities allowed niko alm to wear the unusual headgear as it is deemed a suitable accessory for his ' pastafarian ' religion . shawna hammon from oklahoma was allowed to pose for her driver 's license wearing a spaghetti strainer on her head because it falls under the state 's rules for religious headwear . in september last year shawna hammond from oklahoma , u.s. was granted permission to wear one in her licence photograph . she said the photo obeyed the state 's laws that requires people remove their glasses and wear a religious headpiece that does not cover their face , create shadows , or display text or logos . earlier that year , christopher schaeffer , a council member in pomfret , new york wore a colander on his head as he was sworn into office . in 2013 , a czech man was allowed to wear the headgear on his official identity card after officials ruled that turning down his request would be a breach of the country 's religious equality laws . in 2005 , a physics graduate from oregon state wrote a letter about a ' flying spaghetti monster ' as a form of protest against the kansas state board of education 's decision to allow the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in public schools . by professing belief in a supernatural entity composed of pasta and meatballs , bobby henderson , 24 , called on ' pastafarianism ' to be given equal time in science classrooms alongside christian theory . word rapidly spread and the church of the flying spaghetti monster ( cfsm ) now has thousands of followers , mainly on college campuses and in europe . the central tenet of cfsm is that an invisible flying spaghetti monster created the universe ' after drinking heavily ' . pastafarians celebrate every friday as a holy day - and consider pirates ' absolute divine beings ' . 