a journalist 's line of inquiry with regards to an april fools ' day gag left arsene wenger bewildered during thursday 's pre-liverpool press conference . mailonline ran a story on april fools ' day stating that prior to arsenal 's clash with liverpool at the emirates , both pre-match teamtalks by captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world . the story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at thursday 's media gathering . arsenal manager arsene wenger fields questions from the media at thursday 's press conference . wenger turns to an arsenal official off camera after he is quizzed about per mertesacker 's ' live ' team talk . wenger is informed that the story was an april fools ' joke and no basis of truth to it . the gunners boss and the assembled media break into a fit of laughter following the revelation . ' per mertsacker this week is going to give a team talk live around the world , ' asked the journalist . ' is that not the case now before this game ? ' the bewildered gunners boss then turns to his press officer off camera who tells wenger : ' i think that 's an april fools ' joke ' . ' ah , i do apologise , ' the journalist replies prompting wenger and the assembled press to collapse into a fit of laughter . our story claimed that the premier league convinced its clubs to cooperate with the move in order to keep up with the ever-changing technological landscape . the rivals were said to have agreed to a strict number of rules that will ensure neither side is left at a disadvantage . the story read : ' although the teamtalks by mertesacker and henderson will not be screened on bt sport - who are covering the match live on tv - fans who own a smartphone will be able to tune in . ' new social media tool periscope - which was launched last week - will host both teamtalks as it bids to break into the sports market . ' sportsmail revealed at midday on april 1 that the story was indeed a hoax - something the said journalist must 've missed ! the april fools ' gag revolved around arsenal captain mertesacker giving a live team talk this weekend . 