a photographer and mother-of-two has turned a collection of candid images of her energetic daughters and their friends into a powerful photography series that celebrates their strength and confidence , while highlighting what it means to be a girl today . kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods . ' the project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is ok -not only ok - but worthy of celebration , ' she told daily mail online in an email . summer breeze : atlanta-based photographer kate t. parker captured this group of girls cooling off in front of a fan for her photo series strong is the new pretty . serious athlete : kate snapped these pictures of her daughter ella , nine , before her first triathlon ( l ) and while she was playing soccer ( r ) . team spirit : as a part of the powerful series , ms parker photographs her daughters and their friends playing sports . ms parker continued : ' there 's a lot of pressure for girls - and women - to look a certain way , act in [ a ] certain manner , and i wanted to let my daughters know that who they naturally are is enough . ' when the devoted parent first turned the camera lens on her girls she was hoping simply to record their childhood , as well as practice certain photography techniques , but about a year ago the project started to evolve into something more . ' the images changed , ' ms parker explained . ' i started to see patterns and recognize that the images where the girls were authentically captured were the strongest images . the images that showed the girls as they genuinely are were my favorites . ' water world : ms parker snapped this shot of the girls while they were enjoying a swimming session . feeling strong : kate 's daughter and her soccer teammates posed against a brick wall for this powerful shot . hot wheels : ms parker 's daughters can be seen riding around their neighborhood . sisterly love : these young girls embraced while wearing matching uniforms . wild woman : this little girl let out a delightful scream as she ran through sprinklers in her bathingsuit . she kept that idea in mind as she continued to shoot her daughters and their friends . the series of photos aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be . the images of ella , alice , and their friends are black and white and free of frilly dresses , dolls or anything else stereotypically associated with young girls . instead , ms parker captured the girls playing sports , running through sprinklers and horsing around , essentially exploring their everyday adventures . ' my girls know that who they are is just perfect , ' she wrote on her blog last year . girl fight : ms parker photographed her girls horsing around and playfully fighting like sisters typically do . powerful gaze : ms parker got close-up for this candid snapshot . peek-a-boo : these four girls can be seen posing inside a cardboard cutout . uphill battle : this little girl rides her bike wearing a swimsuit and a helmet . ms parker added : ' they don’t need to have their hair done , clothes matching , or even be clean to be loved or accepted ... i wanted this series of images to show their boldness , their strength and the beauty in them , as they are . strong is the new pretty . ' the photographer explained to today that she is in no way ' taking out ' girls who like traditionally feminine things . she has nothing against tutus or the color pink . in fact , she believes that parents should celebrate whatever their kids are into . ' my kids are this , you know ? athletic and strong and dirty and loud and crazy , ' she told the outlet . 'that’s what i’m trying to celebrate . ' ms parker added : ' but i encourage everyone to document their own kids the way they see them . ' getting clean : the two girls give their dog a bath in this humorous shot . keeping pace : ms parker captured her daughter running a race . hideout : ms parker snapped this photo of her daughter and her dog peeking their faces out of their play house . animal instinct : the girls chose to stick their heads out the window while their dog remained inside . when the today show shared ms parker 's story on their facebook page yesterday , it was liked nearly 25,000 times and inspired hundreds of parents to post photos of their own daughters doing the things that they love . ' already a fierce little girl ! girls play in the mud and with sticks too ! ' mary kenyon wrote of her daughter . ' determined and strong that 's what all girls should be made of ! ' cheryl koscielniak brzyski added . meanwhile , charlotte yarbrough knowles noted : ' my daughter is amazing . she is intelligent , funny and so filled with potential . in our world , it is hard to be a strong woman , but she is finding her way . i can not wait to see what she will do . ' underwater shot : these girls were snapped enjoying a day in the pool . all wet : ms parker snapped her girls playing around with buckets of water . so bored : ms parker 's daughters take a break after they went roller skating . say cheese : four girls can be seen striking a pose inside a photo booth .