hit rap trio migos have been arrested on the first leg of their u.s. tour after police discovered drugs and guns inside their van during a college gig . rappers quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody . according to nbc news , all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates . migos were next due to perform at the ksu convocation center in georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including wisconsin , ohio , michigan , pennsylvania and new york . from left to right : hip hop rappers quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , have been arrested on the first leg of their u.s. tour after drugs and guns were found in their van . authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when ' a very potent smell ' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses . when migos left to perform at georgia southern university 's hanner fieldhouse arena over the weekend , investigators seized the opportunity to conduct a search . multiple guns , marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles , officials said . they added that the discoveries ' were intensely concerning ' as they had been brought to a university-sponsored event where over a thousand students were congregated . in the spotlight : according to nbc news , all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not fulfill their upcoming tour dates . bad habits ? migos pose with friends for a group photo , posted to social media . the three band members - best known for their 2013 single versace and their 2014 track fight night - were arrested after leaving the stage . they reportedly face charges of drug possession ; possession of firearms in a school safety zone ; and possession of firearms during the commission of a crime . it was n't known early monday if they had attorneys . phone calls and emails to the group 's management team by the associated press were not immediately returned . about a dozen other suspects - all occupants of the two vans - were also taken into custody following the concert . information about them and the charges they face were not immediately available . the arrests took place during the school 's annual spring concert . migos - which formed as a group in 2009 - had contracted with georgia southern to perform at the event , the sheriff 's office said .