isis militants besieging a palestinian refugee camp in syria 's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a hamas-linked group opposed to president bashar assad , it has been claimed . having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the yarmouk camp in south damascus , the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online . like isis , the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy , although its presence in yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp 's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the assad regime . isis ' decision to publicly execute the men - as well as reports of the deaths of dozens more palestinians during clashes inside yarmouk - has prompted outrage in gaza , where hundreds of furious hamas supporters swore bloody revenge on the terror group during a march yesterday . scroll down for video . savages : isis militants ( pictured ) stormed the yarmouk camp in south damascus last wednesday . 100 civilians were either killed or kidnapped by the jihadis in the subsequent days . killers : islamic state militants are seen storming the yarmouk camp in damascus last week . hundreds of residents of the yarmouk camp fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces and clashes between isis fighters and palestinian militants , activists said . an activist based in an area just south of damascus , hatem al-dimashqi , said many residents started fleeing the camp after midnight as the fighting let up . the camp has been subjected to intense shelling and airstrikes by government warplanes allegedly carrying barrel bombs . this morning activists said shelling and sporadic clashes are striking the palestinian refugee camp in the syrian capital , a situation a u.n. official describes as ' beyond inhumane . ' hatem al-dimashqi , an activist based in an area just south of damascus , said the yarmouk camp witnessed sporadic clashes and shelling earlier today . the uk-based syrian observatory for human rights and al-dimashqi said the refugees who have fled the camp have reached the southern damascus suburbs of yalda , babila and beit sahem , which are under the control of anti-assad rebels . al-dimashqi and syrian state tv said as many as 2,000 people have left the camp . the activist said that many of those who fled the camp are staying in schools or abandoned homes . roaming the streets : isis stormed the camp last wednesday , marking the terrorist 's deepest foray yet into damascus - the syrian capital and base of president assad 's government . power : palestinian officials and syrian activists said isis have been working with rivals from the al qaeda affiliate in syria , nusra front and have taken control of up to 90 per cent of yarmouk . chris gunness , a spokesman for the u.n. agency that supports palestinian refugees known as unrwa , last night said that the agency has not been able to send any food nor any convoys into the camp since the current round of fighting started . ' that means that there is no food , there is no water and there is very little medicine , ' he added . isis stormed the camp on wednesday , marking the terrorist 's deepest foray yet into damascus - the syrian capital and base of president assad 's government . palestinian officials and syrian activists said isis have been working with rivals from the al qaeda affiliate in syria , nusra front . the two groups have fought bloody battles against each other in other parts of syria , but appear to be cooperating in the attack on yarmouk . the nusra front said in a statement yesterday that it is not participating in the battles and is taking a neutral stance . the statement added that nusra opened its offices and welcomed all those who do n't want to take part in the fighting and gave them refuge . conflict zone : hatem al-dimashqi , an activist based in an area just south of damascus , said the yarmouk camp ( pictured ) witnessed sporadic clashes and shelling earlier today . the un says around 18,000 civilians , including a large number of children , are trapped in yarmouk ( pictured ) . speaking of hamas-linked groups ' clashes with isis in the camp , palestinian president mahmoud abbas said that residents of yarmouk have been victimized by syria 's civil war . government forces and different rebel factions are clashing and ' we pay the price , ' he said . he added that the palestine liberation organization in damascus has formed a ' cell to handle this tragedy and they are trying to work it out with the least losses . ' abbas said : ' we are in touch with our brothers there to find a way out and protect our people . ' the observatory said the fighting has killed 26 people since the clashes first broke out . in gaza , several hundred supporters of the ruling hamas group staged a march in the jebaliya refugee camp late last night to protest isis ' takeover of parts of yarmouk . ' palestinian blood is not cheap , ' mohammed abu askar , a local hamas leader , told the crowd , threatening revenge for the islamic state incursion into yarmouk . in damascus , anwar raja , the spokesman for damsascus-based popular front for the liberation of palestine - general command , which supports embattled syrian president bashar assad , said several pro-assad factions have united to defend the camp . he said more than 100 civilians have been either killed or kidnapped by the isis fighters whom he said now control about half the camp , adding that the priority now is to evacuate civilians . anger : palestinians shout slogans as they hold banners during a gathering in solidarity with the palestinians living and dying in syria 's yarmouk camp over the weekend . taking to the streets : in gaza , several hundred supporters of the ruling hamas group staged a march in the jebaliya refugee camp late last night to protest isis ' takeover of parts of yarmouk . placards : speaking of hamas-linked groups ' clashes with isis in the camp , palestinian president mahmoud abbas said that residents of yarmouk have been victimized by syria 's civil war . the un says around 18,000 civilians , including a large number of children , are trapped in yarmouk . the camp has been under government siege for nearly two years , leading to starvation and illnesses caused by lack of medical aid . the camp has also witnessed several rounds of ferocious and deadly fighting between government forces and militants . most of the camp 's estimated 160,000 inhabitants fled in late 2012 as clashes erupted between pro- and anti-assad palestinian gunmen . the majority of those who left fled to overcrowded and destitute palestinian refugee camps in neighboring lebanon . only the poorest remained behind . yesterday lebanon 's state-run national news agency said six lebanese truck drivers who were held by militants after they captured the nasib border crossing point with jordan have returned safely to lebanon . the agency reported on friday that 10 drivers were held by militants . the fate of the four others remains unknown .