second child : mrs pereiro-mendez arrives yesterday . a top executive at goldman sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their ‘sexist’ behaviour when she became pregnant . sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child . male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ‘mocked’ and subjected to ‘ gratuitous derogatory’ comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges . so in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at the global investment firm ‘ without their knowledge’ , a tribunal heard yesterday . the executive director in distressed investing – which concerns companies in financial difficulties – is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination . she has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses – bryan mix , the global head of loan trading , nicholas pappas , who is european head of distressed trading , and simon morris , global head of credit trading . yesterday mrs pereiro-mendez arrived with her second child for the first day of the hearing at central london employment tribunal , which was told she would need breaks during proceedings to breastfeed . the hearing was not told who was recorded by mrs pereiro-mendez , although they are likely to be among the 15 or so witnesses due to be called during the tribunal . the revelation was made by the bank’s counsel daniel stilitz qc , who said : ‘ one key point is that ... the claimant recorded some of the managers without their knowledge . ’ mrs pereiro-mendez , who speaks fluent german and spanish , joined goldman sachs in 2003 and moved to london in 2005 after a stint in frankfurt . but over a five-year period she claims her income took a hit because bosses ‘ felt , given her pregnancy , she was no longer a significant long-term player’ . her basic salary was £250,000 in january 2010 but by january 2012 – two months after announcing her pregnancy – it had fallen to £192,000 . she was also entitled to a bonus of about five per cent of the profit she generated . but in 2011 she received £200,000 rather than the £910,000 she claims she was owed . goldman sachs executive sonia pereiro-mendez claims after she became pregnant she was cheated out of millions of pounds . mrs pereiro-mendez claims men were promoted ahead of her at the bank ( pictured ) while she was ‘ publicly mocked , ’ and subjected to ‘ gratuitous and implicitly derogatory references to her childcare arrangements ' . mrs pereiro-mendez says her bonuses and salary were cut over five years . the following year she was paid £284,000 but says she should have got a further £475,000 . by 2014 there was no bonus at all , although she says she should have been given £450,000 . in her claim , she says she took ‘ exceptional measures’ to perform her work during maternity leave . she would attend meetings , on one occasion asking in-laws to look after the child in a car park – enabling her to ‘ swiftly breastfeed her baby during breaks’ . goldman sachs , mr pappas , mr morris and mr mix all deny the allegations against them . mrs pereiro-mendez has accused her former manager , allen ukritnukun , of excluding her from meetings , claiming he ‘ publicly mocked’ her before male peers ‘ for no good reason’ . he also allegedly ‘ made overt sexist comments’ , which once amounted to ‘ explicit sexual harrassment’ . mr ukritnukun was later promoted to managing director , enabling him to become ‘ emboldened in his contemptuous conduct’ . mr ukritnukun vehemently denies the allegations made against him by ms pereiro-mendez and is particularly distressed by the allegation that he made a comment which amounted to sexual harassment . she also says mr pappas made ‘ overtly discriminatory comments’ during a business trip to germany . mr morris said in a statement last month that her 2011 bonus was hit partly because of her involvement in ‘ significant losses’ . goldman sachs , mr pappas , mr morris and mr mix deny the allegations . the case continues .     sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .