anti-hillary clinton street art emerged in brooklyn just hours before clinton 's presidential candidacy announcement on sunday . the signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including ' dont say secretive ' , ' do n't say entitled ' and ' do n't say ambitious ' . the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician , according to the weekly standard . last month , the new york times ' amy chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group , which goes by the name of ' hrc super volunteers ' . the descriptive terms that clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include ' polarizing , calculating , disingenuous , insincere , ambitious , inevitable , entitled ' and ' over confident . ' scroll down for videos . pedestrians walk past an anti-hillary clinton poster that says ' do n't say secretive ' across the street from the purported clinton campaign headquarters on sunday in brooklyn , new york . another anti-hillary clinton poster that says ' do n't say entitled ' is affixed to a traffic light across the street from clinton campaign headquarters where her growing staffers began working on friday . the posters are said to have appeared in brooklyn on saturday night near her campaign 's new headquarters in the borough , where staffers began working on friday . it is not known who created or posted the brooklyn street art . following clinton 's announcement on sunday , a hashtag on twitter also began trending called # whyimnotvotingforhillary . in this image taken from video posted to hillaryclinton.com on sunday , hillary rodham clinton announces her campaign for president . a wave of users began using the hashtag giving their reasons for why they would not be voting for the democratic candidate . one user wrote : ' # whyimnotvotingforhillary # benghazi plus i ca n't think of anything good she has done . ' another twitter user wrote : ' # whyimnotvotingforhillary because my vote is based on candidate w integrity , forthrightness & beliefs close to mine , none of which she has . ' following clinton 's announcement on sunday afternoon , a hasthag on twitter began trending called # whyimnotvotingforhillary . above a user wrote he would not be voting for clinton because of benghazi . another user wrote : ' my vote is based on candidate w integrity , forthrightness & beliefs close to mine , none of which she has ' while using the anti-hillary hashtag . other users wrote that they are not voting for hillary because they said ' we need more people like reagan ' . the trending hashtag appears to be started by 19-year-old markeece young from north carolina who rallied users on saturday night to make it trend on sunday following clinton 's announcement that she was running for president . on facebook he wrote : ' well when i heard hillary was announcing her campaign on twitter i came up with the idea to create ‪ # ‎whyimnotvotingforhillary‬ it 's simple but very powerful . it was the # 1 trending hashtag in america for about 3 hours . on saturday , user @ youngblkrepub also known as markeece young wrote on twitter to get the hashtag trending on sunday when clinton was scheduled to announce she was running for president . ' the hillary clinton campaign had it removed , that 's right hillary clinton 's campaign can delete the # 1 hashtag in america for a cost of money . ' i 'm proud that people helped me make a statement , i can say i 've been causing hillary problems since day one of her campaign . how many people can say they started the # 1 hashtag in the usa and had it deleted by hillary herself ? ' clinton made her presidential campaign announcement on sunday afternoon leaning on a message of middle-class rescue and claims that america 's economy is ' still stacked in favor of those at the top , ' according to the campaign video .