the devastated parents of a nursing student whose body was found on a farm north of glasgow have joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil . karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend , sparking a four-day police search which yesterday found her body at high craigton farm . about 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's mother and father marian and john , and their son kieran - attended a memorial at glasgow 's george square today . a man , believed to be 21-year-old alexander pacteau , has been arrested in connection with miss buckley 's death . he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at glasgow sheriff court today . scroll down for video . grief stricken marian and john buckley ( right ) today joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil held in memory of their daughter karen . their son kieran is pictured left . miss buckley was found dead on a farm north of glasgow after going missing from a nightclub in the city . miss buckley 's parents marian and john ( pictured ) and two of her brothers arrived in george square and looked at the tributes . a security van arrives at glasgow sheriff court ahead of a court appearance by a 21-year-old charged with miss buckley 's murder . tearful friends , family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence . at the vigil this afternoon , many brought flowers and candles to lay in the square . cards and messages were also left , with people expressing their grief . a piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang scottish and irish songs before a minute 's silence was held . towards the end of the vigil , miss buckley 's parents marian and john and two of her brothers arrived in george square and looked at the tributes . marian buckley hugged husband john as they read messages of sorrow and support for the family . glasgow caledonian university ( gcu ) - where miss buckley was studying occupational health - was well represented , with many young people in attendance wearing gcu tracksuits and jumpers . the vigil was organised by former scottish socialist politician rosie kane . she said : ' i do n't want to be here , that 's the first thing i need to say . kieran buckley , karen 's brother , is comforted by one of the many people who attended the vigil today . karen 's grief stricken mother marian ( pictured in the white and blue coat ) embraces another mourner at the memorial . show of support : around 300 people gathered for a vigil in glasgow today in memory of 24-year-old karen buckley . four women embrace in george square where hundreds of mourners gathered today for a silent vigil . ' it seems that everyone has been devastated but we want to support karen 's family and show them the best side of the city . we 're trying to make something beautiful from that horrible , horrible grief . ' there have been some songs from scotland and ireland and people have brought flowers and candles . ' we also had a moment 's silence to think about karen 's life , what we knew of her , about her family and to wish them the best . ' the case has touched many people in scotland and ireland , with services held in miss buckley 's home town of cork earlier this week . barry ahearn , who is originally from cork but now lives in scotland , travelled from his home in ayr to pay his respects to miss buckley in george square . as organisers appealed for anyone who wanted to address the large crowd , mr ahearn sang a local cork song . he said : ' i 've been living in scotland for the last four years and wanted to come today to show solidarity and support for karen 's family . a tearful woman is comforted by a man as crowds gathered to remember the nursing student . karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend , sparking a four-day police search . a woman crouches down next to some of the many flowers and messages left in george square during the vigil . a piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang scottish and irish songs before a minute 's silence was held . ' i sang on the banks on my own lovely lee - it 's the river that runs through cork and is the local anthem . ' the whole situation is so sad , particularly when you 're living in scotland and something like this happens to someone from your own country . it just does n't fit , it 's so sad . '' his wife maura said : ' it has really touched us this week , it 's so sad and we all feel it very much . ' there 's a great number of people here tonight who i 'm sure feel the same and we just want to rally round the buckley family . ' flowers and messages have also been left at the gcu campus and at the entrance to high craigton farm , to the north of glasgow , where the student 's body was found . flowers , cards and messages were also left as people expressed their grief during the vigil today . tearful mourners huddled together as they paid their respects at the vigil today . two women wipe away tears as they take part in the memorial . ms buckley moved to scotland in february and was a first-year occupational therapy student at glasgow caledonian university . politicians took time out of campaigning earlier today to offer their condolences to the buckley family . scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon said : ' my thoughts are very much with the family and friends of karen buckley . ' jim murphy began labour 's scottish manifesto launch in glasgow by saying : ' my thoughts and the thoughts of everyone in the room go out to karen 's family . none of us can in anyway imagine the pain and horror that they are going through . ' glasgow and scotland stands with you . ' former colleagues and friends in her hometown in county cork , ireland today remembered the ' beautiful , smiling ' 24-year-old who was dedicated to helping the injured and sick . her father , john , said yesterday that he , miss buckley 's mother marian and her brothers brendan , kieran , and damian are ' absolutely heartbroken ' . friends and family have paid tribute to karen buckley - pictured with her brothers ( l-r ) brendan , damien and kieran - after a four-day police search found her body yesterday . her body was found at high craigton farm after a huge search was launched to find her earlier this week . miss buckley 's former supervisor at the hibernian hotel in the town of mallow told the irish independent : ' she was always smiling , no matter how hard the work . she could never do enough to help you . ' karen’s former school principal , susan o’keefe , said : ‘ she was a beautiful girl and she was a great pupil . 'it’s sad . we are here on a fine summer’s day but karen is not . we’re all just the worse off for such a lovely person been taken from us , and for everyone in this community , it is a shocking tragedy . ’ karen was a ‘ great all-rounder’ , participating in ladies’ football with clyda rovers and athletics with her school in analeetha , ms o’keefe added . ‘ at that time we were a much smaller school then we are now , so we were just like a big family . it is a big blow . ' yvonne bane , the principal at miss buckley 's former school in mallow added : ' the community in st mary 's secondary school is united in grief at the sad news concerning karen buckley , a former student of our school who completed her leaving certificate here in 2009 . ' a prayer service took place in the school this morning , with all students and staff of st. mary 's secondary school in attendance . we offered prayers for karen and her family at this difficult time . police initially searched a park in glasgow , but attention later switched to the farm six miles from her home . floral tributes were left at the scene after her family told of their ' absolute heartbreak ' at her death . a vigil will be held in glasgow today as friends and family tell of their shock at this week 's events . ' the school community have been sharing warm memories of our beautiful , former student over the last number of days . ' and a spokeswoman for the university of limerick , where karen studied nursing , said : ' karen was a very valued member of the ul community as well as the wider nursing and medical communities in limerick , having spent time working in both the university hospital limerick and the university maternity hospital . ' the thoughts of the entire ul community are with her parents and family and her wide circle of friends as well as her ul classmates and medical colleagues . ' a 21-year-old man was arrested in connection with ms buckley 's death yesterday . he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at glasgow sheriff court today . friends of ms buckley raised the alarm on sunday morning when she failed to return from a night out at the sanctuary in the west end of glasgow . the search led police to dawsholm park , where ms buckley 's handbag was found on tuesday , and a property in the city 's dorchester avenue , before the farm where the discovery was made . ms buckley moved to scotland in february and was a first-year occupational therapy student at glasgow caledonian university . miss buckley 's parents , marian and john , came from ireland to help the search for their ' cherished ' daughter . miss buckley grew up in the town of mallow , county cork , whose residents expressed shock at her death . her family , who travelled to scotland on tuesday , have said they are ' absolutely heartbroken ' . her father john buckley , 62 , said she was an outgoing girl who ' thoroughly enjoyed life ' . he released a statement through police scotland which read : ' marian and i , together with our sons brendan , kieran , and damian are absolutely heartbroken . karen was our only daughter , cherished by her family and loved by her friends . ' she was an outgoing girl who travelled the world , where she met lots of people and thoroughly enjoyed her life . we will miss her terribly . ' more than £50,000 has been raised to support the buckley family in an online drive organised by her former classmates at limerick university . the 24-hour appeal closed last night after reaching £50,001 - ten times the initial target of £5,000 . the go fund me page was set up to cover the family 's travel and expenses while in scotland and to support the upkeep of their farm in cork . karen went missing from the sanctuary nightclub not far from her home . police initially searched a park in north-west glasgow before switching their attention to a golf course and farm outside the city .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .