it was ava gardner 's ' little london retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for an eye-watering £500,000 per year . the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 . now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star . spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room . scroll down for video . ava gardner called 34 ennismore gardens her ' little london retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week . through the key hole : the apartment features two stunning reception rooms and renters can boast that the buildings corridors were once graced by the screen icon . luxury : the apartment , which is a short walk from harrods and hyde park , boasts a total of five bedrooms and five bathrooms . screen icon : ava gardner pictured with a cigarette in hand looks happy and relaxed in her ' little london retreat ' . the beauty , who was the second wife of crooner frank sinatra , moved to london in 1968 and made 34 ennismore gardens her primary residence for over 20 years . she once said of the property : ' i love the history and grandeur of my little london retreat , some say it is too big for me alone , but i love the space . ' the grand apartment , in the same building where gardner lived , is entered through a sweeping entrance hall . the master bedroom suite has walk in wardrobes and there are also two further bedroom suites and two guest bedrooms . the apartment has views of beautiful private gardens and renters will also enjoy access to the large private garden square . reaching the pinnacle of hollywood fame in the 1950s , gardner was listed 25th among the american film institute 's greatest female stars . she starred in films such as the killers , 55 days at peking and the night of the iguana . the pin-up girl of her era , gardner had high-profile marriages to mickey rooney and frank sinatra ; and it was her marriage to sinatra that was credited for his oscar-winning performance in from here to eternity , which re-launched his singing career . the apartment in her building is being offered for rent by tunstall property for £10,500 per week , which equates to £546,000 per year . the homes along ennismore gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of kingston house , a palladian mansion dating back to the 18th century , belonging to elizabeth chudleigh , duchess of kingston . dinning in style : spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room . state-of-the art : a sleek and modern kitchen has been created within the building which dates back to 1870 . brush with hollywood : the spacious and luxurious bathroom features marble topped sinks and bath . room with a view : the apartment provides views onto private gardens at the front and rear of the building , with residents enjoying access to the large private garden square on ennismore gardens . tasteful : another of the apartments five bedrooms decorated in neutral shades of grey . screen siren : the hollywood actress was the second wife of singer frank sinatra . their union only lasted two years because they were both 'high-strung people ' , gardner later claimed . the mansion and its estate was later sold to william hare , baron of ennismore , in 1837 , but was sold off for development following his death , with the street and private gardens named to commemorate him . once completed the five-storey homes along ennismore gardens , designed with porticos and corinthian columns , commanded a premium of £17,000 per year . mark tunstall , managing director of tunstall property , commented : ' this property is just steeped in history , with corridors once graced by ava gardner . it is in a quiet yet well-connected pocket of prime central london and with five bedrooms provides space for all the family . ' the location is hard to beat , with hyde park and harrods on the doorstep , as well as the royal albert hall and museums and bistros of south kensington a short stroll away . this home meets every requirement , providing ; space , amenities and location . ' 