scientists may have captured the song of a new species of whale living in the antarctic . the song can’t be identified and doesn’t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale , raising hopes that it could be coming from a completely new species . while beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans , relatively little is known about them , mainly because they spend very little time on the water’s surface . experts are sure the noise isn’t made by arnoux 's beaked whales or cuvier 's beaked whales ( stock image ) , because the signal doesn’t match . there are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers , meaning that they are most often identified by their songs , which they use to navigate . the mysterious ‘ antarctic bw29 signal was recorded near the orkney islands , south shetland islands , and antarctic peninsula by scientists led by jennifer trickey of the scripps institution of oceanography , at the university of california , in la jolla , california . they have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing , bbc earth reported . ‘ given that new species of beaked whale are still being discovered , the source of these antarctic signals might be a species that has yet to be identified , ’ the study says . but the song belong to a strap-toothed whale , a southern bottlenosed whale or a gray’s beaked whale ( pictured ) , according to the study , despite the sound being the wrong frequency for a gray’s beaked whale . whale sounds are used by whales for different kinds of communication . the word ' song ' is used to describe the pattern of regular and predictable sounds made by some species of whales . only males ' sing ' . while the complex sounds of the humpback whale and some blue whales are believed to be primarily used in sexual selection , all whales use simpler sounds all year round to communicate . whales occupying the same geographical areas , which can be vast , tend to sing similar songs with only small variations . male humpback whales have been described as ' inveterate composers ' of songs and experts have said that their songs are similar to human music in many ways . experts are sure the noise isn’t made by arnoux 's beaked whales or cuvier 's beaked whales , because the signal doesn’t match their songs . but it could belong to a strap-toothed whale , a southern bottlenosed whale or a gray’s beaked whale , according to the study , published in the journal of marine mammal science . it is very rare for strap-toothed wakes to be sighted as far south as the noises have been heard , while the noise is the wrong frequency for a gray’s beaked whale , leaving the southern bottlenosed whale as the most likely match . but again there’s a problem , because the whale’s relative , the northern bottlenose whale , makes very different calls , leading experts to think that the southern species probably vocalises in a similar way – unlike the antarctic bw29 signal . experts have also recorded an ‘ antarctic bw37’ signal on six occasions , which is of a higher frequency . ‘ it remains unknown whether this belongs to a different beaked whale species than the one producing antarctic bw29 , ’ they write . because frequency is usually linked to a whale’s size , there is a theory that the antarctic bw29 song may be made by a southern bottlenose whale , while the higher pitched antarctic bw37 song could be made by a smaller gray’s beaked whale . there’s also a chance that new species of whale could sing at different frequencies , but this ability would be unique among beaked whale species . last year , a study revealed that the shy cuvier 's beaked whale performs the deepest dives made by any mammal on the planet at 9,816ft ( 2,992metres ) below the waves - the equivalent of just under seven empire state buildings - and stays below for 138 minutes . a study published last april has revealed that the shy cuvier’s beaked whale performs the deepest dives made by any mammal on the planet . scientists were surprised to record one of the mammal 's dives , which was 9,816ft ( 2,992 metres ) below the waves . and the whale stayed up to two miles below - around the depth of just under seven empire state buildings on top of one another - for 138 minutes . the new york landmark measures 1,250ft ( 381 metres ) in height , excluding its tip . it is the first time that the diving behaviour of the species has been carefully examined and scientists are particularly interested in them because of the suspected effects of sonar - a system using transmitted and reflected underwater sound waves to detect and locate submerged objects . marine mammal biologists at the scripps institution of oceanography in la jolla , california , tagged eight of the whales off san nicholas island in southern california and followed them for several months as they dived for food .