ironing may be the marmite of household chores . but , love it or loathe it , unless you want to look like you’ve slept on a park bench , you can’t avoid it . british company swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for £279.99 . but does it really make things easier ? tessa cunningham finds out . super steamer . swan si9031n steam generator iron , £279.99 , swan-brand.co.uk . if you loathe ironing enough to splash out almost £300 , then swan’s luxury model could be the one for you . it cut my ironing time by half . it’s usually my least favouite chore , but when testing this one , i got to work in front of poldark and was done within 20 minutes . because all the water is in the separate 1,000ml generator tank , the iron itself is lightweight . the steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron , shooting out at 90g per minute — twice as fast as conventional steam irons ( think of the difference in power between jet-washing and using a hosepipe ) — cutting through creases quicker . as well as being more powerful , it also produces twice as much steam , making shorter work of wrinkles . on the downside , despite the investment , you get only a two-year guarantee . 3/5 . precision perfect . philips easy speed plus , £29.50 , amazon.co.uk . the big selling point of this pretty aqua blue iron is the precision tip , which means you can get really sharp creases flat with minimum elbow grease , making it perfect for shirts and trousers . i also love the vertical steam option , which means you can smooth creases from hanging fabrics , such as curtains , by holding the iron vertically 2 in away and pressing the steam button . steam output is 35g per minute — with a boost function of up to 120g to blast at stubborn creases . impressive for the price . 4/5 . bargain buy . swan steam iron si1001on , £19.99 , argos.co.uk . this does an adequate job and you get a lot for your money — including a generous 350ml water tank and variable steam control , which means you can opt for continuous steam at 40g per min or a 140g per minute shot of steam . but it’s so heavy , at 1.3kg , that i’m in danger of developing muscles like popeye if i keep using it . and while the dolphin-shaped nose helps me reach tricky areas , such as around shirt buttons , it makes the iron look downright ugly . i also found the soleplate scaled up quickly . 2/5 . power house . braun texstyle 7 ts755 , £49.99 , johnlewis.com . this looks like a fighter jet , and is so heavy ( 1.3kg empty and 1.65kg when the water tank is full ) it makes ironing even more of an effort . on the plus side , the ergonomic handle is easy to hold . i also like the way the cable is 2.5m long — useful if you can’t get near a plug . it’s impressively powerful . steam shoots out at 50g per minute and the precision shot also releases steam at 170g per minute . 3/5 . lightweight pro . russell hobbs autosteam pro iron , £19.99 , argos.co.uk . one of the cheapest irons i tried , this is beautifully lightweight at 1.14kg despite having a large 320ml water tank . there are lots of functions such as a non-stick soleplate and a vertical steam option . you also get a generous two-metre cord . but it falls down on the one job i’m paying for — ironing . although it is supposed to be non-drip , it leaked at low temperatures and left unsightly marks on my silk shirt . 2/5 . value for money . philips perfectcare pure steam generator , £119.99 , robertdyas.co.uk . the nearest rival to the swan iron and less than half the price , this is fantastic value for a top-range model bursting with extras . i normally dread ironing my grandmother’s thick linen table cloth , but i removed every crease in seconds with no effort . it’s all thanks to the impressive 1.5-litre water reservoir which pumps out high-pressure steam at 110g per minute . and the soleplate is designed so steam is distributed evenly — meaning fewer strokes and speedy ironing . the manufacturer boasts that you never need to change the settings as it creates the perfect temperature level whether you are ironing silk pjs or kids’ jeans . i tried it — and it was true . you also get a five-year guarantee . 5/5 . cordless power . tefal freemove fv9970 , £79.99 , johnlewis.com . tefal is hugely proud of its cordless iron . and with good reason . the base recharges the iron during each rest period , which means there is no cord getting in your way , and the control panel lets you know when you need to recharge . it’s powerful , too — delivering an impressive 180g per minute shot of steam . the handy steam on-demand trigger got rid of stubborn creases in my partner’s shirts . it also has a vertical steam option . i used it to blast away creases in a dress that had been hanging in my wardrobe for too long — much easier than dragging out the ironing board . if you’re happy to pay over the odds to dispense with a cord , this is a great option . 3/5 . turbo steam . tefal ultimate anti-calc fv9603 , £69.99 , argos.co.uk . lots of impressive features here — such as a unit which collects all the limescale from your iron . a turbo steam function delivers a mighty 200g per minute jet of steam and an anti-drip mechanism cuts down on the chances of water leaking . but this iron is too darn heavy : a stonking 1.5kg when empty ; once the 350ml tank is full , it’s like lifting a brick . on the plus side , it provides the perfect excuse to hand over the ironing to my partner . 3/5 . 