arsene wenger insists his woeful record against jose mourinho will have no bearing on arsenal 's top-of-the-table clash with chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . wenger has failed to win in 12 games against mourinho across the portuguese coach 's two spells at stamford bridge , drawing five and losing seven of their clashes . but the arsenal manager says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline in sunday 's 4pm kick-off will be irrelevant as the barclays premier league 's top two sides face off . arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho ahead of facing chelsea . wenger and mourinho rowed on the touchline in october 's 2-0 win for chelsea in the reverse fixture . ' i think we have not always lost in 12 attempts . we have been close , ' wenger said . ' having said that , the result on sunday will just be down to the performance on the day . we are on a good run and we have an opportunity at home to beat them and we want to take it . ' we have a good run of form and good belief and solidarity . we have passed many tests recently when we were questioned . we have another test on sunday that we want to pass . ' chelsea 's strengths are they have been very efficient on counter attacks and set-pieces as well . we have to nullify their strengths . ' asked about his frosty relationship with mourinho , wenger said : ' i do not want to talk about that . what is interesting for people is when the game starts at 4pm we have a great game . it is not about the relationship between the managers . ' the managers of london 's two biggest clubs have long had a frosty relationship in the opposing dugouts . cesc fabregas set up diego costa to seal a 2-0 victory for chelsea against arsenal earlier this season . arsenal are 10 points behind chelsea but come into the game on the back of excellent form . wenger said : ' look , mathematically it will be possible , yes , but chelsea has their future and the championship in their hands . we can get closer and we have an opportunity to do that at home and want to take it . ' wenger added : ' they have been very consistent until now . they have fewer losses than any team . the premier league rewards consistency . on that front they gave been defensively very strong and consistent . ' fabregas gets ahead of his now-team-mate branislav ivanovic to score against chelsea for arsenal in 2010 . sunday 's game marks the return of former arsenal midfielder cesc fabregas , who will be wearing chelsea blue at the emirates for the first time . fabregas left for barcelona in 2011 . arsenal supporters are expected to give their former hero a hot reception after he joined their fierce rivals , but wenger has asked for some respect for one of their best players of the last decade . ' i want every player to be respected , and cesc fabregas when he comes to the emirates on sunday to be respected like he deserves , ' he said . asked if he regretted not signing fabregas in the summer when he had the option to , wenger added : ' the regret i have is that he wanted to leave here . ' this club and myself had a very positive influence on cesc’s life , so i would be a bit uncomfortable to have to justify today why he is not here . i believe i would rather it was the other way around . ' wenger is without alex oxlade-chamberlain and mikel arteta on sunday , while per mertesacker is rated as '50-50 ' by his manager having not trained at all this week . gunners fans welcome back fabregas with barcelona , but the reception is likely to be more frosty this time .