it is a cold , spring night in the heart of liverpool at a football ground bordering huyton , where steven gerrard grew up , so paul scholes is in unfamiliar territory . but he is reluctant to leave . most of the rest of his party have gone but he lingers as the final minutes are played out , with the score 0-0 . it has been a frustrating night for salford city , the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt . a draw here at prescot cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility . gary neville and paul scholes attending the salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday . ( left to right ) scholes , phil neville , nicky butt and ryan giggs co-own the club with gary neville ( not pictured ) . salford are attacking the far end of the ground and the view is obscured but , with 90 seconds remaining , the ball breaks for substitute gareth seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat . and even from scholes’s long-distance view the ripple of net is immediately visible as the ball beats the keeper and seddon turns away to celebrate . scholes , too , punches the air , his face beaming as it once did when he scored a last-minute goal against manchester city in april 2010 . ‘ we had to win , ’ he says , a look of real relief in his eyes . this must compare to watching united in a title run-in . ‘it’s the same , ’ he replies nonplussed , before reconsidering . ‘ tonight it has been worse . ’ seddon’s late goal set the wheels in motion for a fantastic run that has seen salford win six on the bounce , their latest victory away at burscough on saturday . it takes them five points clear of darlington , who have a game in hand , at the top of the evo-stik league first division north ( four tiers below the football league ) . with one week to go promotion is well and truly in their hands . win at home to ossett town on saturday and they are up . remarkably , salford city are the team who have happened upon five of the biggest names in english football as owners . the former united players , otherwise known as the class of ’92 , are products of the premier league era which has propelled the game into a celebrity culture . here , though , they seem in their element and none more so than scholes . earlier phil neville was with him . ‘ this is going to ruin my week , this is , ’ he mutters as another chance is wasted . this is near the base of the football pyramid : clearly the players are a lot better than sunday league footballers but the culture is closer to hackney marshes than old trafford . scholes sits in one corner with a friend , while phil neville , across the table with his father , neville , informs him that they will be pairing up with one direction at a forthcoming pro-am golf day so scholes might need a stylist to keep up appearances . scholes pulls a face while the rest of the group laughs at his expense . meanwhile , the prescot committee members quietly discuss a promising first half . the salford owners are scarcely given a second glance , though there is the occasional photo to pose for . a queue of fans wait for food duing the evo-stick league northern premier match . jimmy birtwhistle , pictured with his grandsons , is a committee member and has looked after the turnstile for the past six years . although yesterday’s 2-1 win at burscough extended salford’s lead at the top , the season has been anything but a smooth ride . the original manager phil power was sacked in january and left complaining that the decision was delivered by chairman karen baird , with the owners failing to contact him . both gary and phil neville say they did contact him to talk through their reasons but the offer was refused . ‘ that was a low moment and not something we want to do often because there are good people at this level and you don’t want them to lose their job , ’ said phil neville . ‘ this season has been a massive learning curve . the biggest lesson we have learnt is we have to take a step away from the playing and coaching side . let the managers manage and players play . at this level , they are the experts , not us . ’ the club are now managed by the duo of anthony johnson and bernard morley , who won promotion from this league last season with ramsbottom united . when power was in charge , scholes and phil neville attended training and helped out with sessions but , under the new managers , that has come to an end . ‘ we had become the meddling owners , everything we didn’t want to be , ’ said phil neville . gary neville takes up the story . ‘ phil and paul became quite involved in the first three or four months and we found that what might have been seen as a positive didn’t work out that way , ’ he said . ‘ the players would hear different voices — one week they would be there , the next they’re not there . with coaching , it’s about consistency and repetition . what was seen as being assistance for the previous manager and creating a buzz just didn’t work . ‘ the sadness of it all is that we did lose a manager and it was not something we wanted to do . it was not something that we felt good about . ’ there have been other adjustments to the non-league level . ‘ you never win away games at night in midweek , ’ said phil neville . ‘ players are tired after a day’s work ; often they’ve rushed to the ground sometimes without eating properly ; naturally they fade late on . ’ former manchester united striker danny webber now plays for salford city . salford city 's game against clitheroe town on saturday was free admission for fans . captain christopher lynch works a night shift loading gas bottles , physically demanding work , and usually has to come off after 70 minutes in evening games to go to work . the owners have tried to address the fatigue problem , with the team meeting in a hotel for salad , pasta , chicken and salmon a few hours before their matches . ‘ at the start of the season we had a perfect vision that we’ll have the manager now for the next 20 years and we’ll have a set of young players and they’ll see us all the way to the football league , ’ said phil neville . ‘ but as time has gone on , we’ve learnt from speaking to teams that have come through the divisions , like fleetwood , fylde and afc wimbledon , that you have to be ruthless . ’ if there has been a loss of innocence , there is at least a better understanding of an owner’s lot . ‘ you can understand how , when emotions are running high , owners can make bad emotional decisions like bringing players in on big money and putting yourself under financial pressure , ’ said phil neville . ‘ i can see how it runs away with you . when you lose a couple of games you think : “ oh , we need a new player . let’s just push the budget out a little bit and we’ll make it back here . ” but you never make it back . ’ left to right top row - phil neville , robbie , savage , raimond van der gouw , john o'kane , mikael silvestre , quinton fortune left to right bottom row - nicky butt , gary neville , raphael burke , ryan giggs paul scholes line up for a class of '92 v salford city match last august . gary neville added : ‘ when we jumped into this we thought this is going to be a big challenge and a lot of people are going to be looking at how this goes . but actually , no matter what happens , if we’re still watching this level of football in five years’ time , we’ll be disappointed because we won’t have progressed , but we’ll still be happy every week . ‘ it brings us back down to earth.we might be coaching with england or united or doing a premier league game or champions league game in barcelona . then three days later you’re at brighouse away or ossett town and there’s a tea lady at half-time saying : “ do you want a cup of tea , love ? ” it’s just real . people at this level do it for the passion of their clubs and their communities . and though giggs and butt haven’t been able to attend as much , because of their coaching duties at manchester united , scholes and phil neviile clearly feel the same . ‘ at the start we asked ourselves why we were doing it , ’ said phil neville . ‘ but when you come down to training , go to matches and mix with the supporters , it just feels real . ‘there’s a simplicity at this level . it’s exciting to watch . i know we want the game to be played in a beautiful way but there is also something beautiful about the style at this level . the roots of english football are actually in the evo-stik league . ’ 