apple ceo tim cook described the company’s eagerly anticipated watch as ‘ the most personal device we’ve ever created’ . and it may be the california-based firm’s most durable too . a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . scroll down for video . a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall ( pictured ) and with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment . two out of the three models of apple watches , which are available to pre-order from today , have sapphire glass screens . two out of the three models of apple watches , which are available to pre-order from today , have sapphire glass screens . the only one that does n't is the sport model ( pictured above ) . the glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before being processed to remove impurities . here , it withstands being scratched by sandpaper . synthetic sapphire is a hard , transparent material made of crystallising aluminium oxide , produced at high temperatures and pressures . as the material is heated , it forms disks that can be sliced using diamond-coated saws . these round disks are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . the resulting glass is thin , super-strong and scratch resistant . apple already uses sapphire crystal in the touch id fingerprint scanner on the iphone 5s and 6 , as well as to protect the phones’ camera . the apple watch and apple watch edition both have sapphire glass screens , while the sport version has a strengthened ion-x glass screen , which is thought to be more shatterproof . if the price of manufacturing the glass drops , it could potentially replace gorilla glass currently used in most high-end smartphones . the glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before the crystals are processed to remove impurities . the tiny round disks created are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond . the regular version , which costs from $ 549 ( £479 ) and the edition watch , from $ 12,000 ( £8,000 ) both have sapphire glass screens , while the cheaper ' sport ' version , costing from $ 349 ( £299 ) has a strengthened ion-x glass screen , which iphonefixed describes as ‘ more shatterproof and impact resistant than sapphire glass ' . to test the durability of the screen , it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin , before being ‘scratched’ by a key . the video capturing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen . it also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer – albeit not very hard . the video showing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen , even when a power drill was switched on and dragged across it ( pictured ) . but most impressive , was the screen’s ability to withstand an electric drill being dragged across its surface , without leaving a mark . the test led iphonefixed to claim : ‘ sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch’ . rumours abounded that the iphone 6 would get a sapphire screen , but it didn’t , possibly because the material is expensive to make when compared with standard of tough gorilla glass . the test led iphonefixed to claim : ‘ sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch’ . apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th april . the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world . from tomorrow morning , customers will be able to pre-order their watch online . ' starting friday , customers can try on apple watch , apple watch sport or apple watch edition to find the model with the size , finish and band to best fit their personal preference and style , ' the firm explained . ' everyone visiting an apple store will be able to view all three collections and get hands on with apple watch demo to browse and edit different watch faces , and learn about apple watch 's health and fitness features , digital touch , siri and more . ' based on a survey in the united states on consumer interest in buying the apple watch , bmo capital markets has cut its estimate for sales to 39 million units though september 2016 .