an artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses photoshop to create whimsical , mind-bending pictures that would give salvador dali a run for his money . anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field . he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ' if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i 'm doing my job well . ' a woman in a colourful sari hangs up a zebra 's stripes on a washing line . the photographer who has a background in graphic design and cgi , initially retouched his pictures by hand . once he started digital retouching he was able to turn his pictures into more complex flights of fancy . according to his biography on design taxi , the artist , says the real work begins when ' lesser mortals might think that the image is just perfect . ' the art website behance says : ' anil enjoys developing stunning imagery . he believes colour grading is paramount . ' a painter colours a giraffe as he leans a ladder against the animal . a sink is utilised as a swimming pool by a group of tiny people . anil 's photo manipulations blend the everyday with the bizarre , such as a man in a boiler suit climbing a ladder to paint a giraffe 's distinctive coat pattern . in another a crystal swimming pool in which beautiful people lounge in bikinis or take a dip , is realised as a sink and instead of a giant diving board , they 're all underneath a huge chrome tap . in other images there 's the juxtaposition of indoors and outside , so a woman 's bed piled with feature duvets and pillows is standing on dunes by the sea - rather than in her bedroom . a picture called ' bring home nature , bring home joy , features a man riding a bicycle with a whole tree in his bike 's basket , which sheds leaves against the setting sun . a woman is overjoyed to find her bed in the middle of nature , by the sea . a man on a bike carries a tree in his basket in this image called ' bring home nature , bring home joy ' . a couple sit and admire a setting sun by their parked bikes ... on top of a forest . a pair of newlyweds have a moment by a lush four poster bed in a field by some trees . the top of a forest is expertly blended with a grass meadow in another shot . at first glance it appears that a couple are relaxing together on the grass , look closer and it 's clear that they are in fact sitting on dense tree tops . in an amusing image , a pair of giant hands are seen to be knitting a green textured field . the neat rows of crops extend outwards to the horizon but in the foreground , the knitter holds up the green yarn with its neat knit-purl stitching visible underneath it . hands knit a blanket field using green yarn . anil tweeted this image with the words : ' go green ' . two idealistic worlds appear at once , as if on two levels of a bunk bed . a group of women dressed in colourful saris collect water from a giant green bottle . a photograph of indian women dressed in saris collecting water to bring home is given a surreal edge . rather than visiting the local well , river or other natural water source , the women are seen scaling a steep ladder to reach a platform on the top of a huge green bottle full of water . in a shot titled , ' destiny favors those who make their own path ' , a motorway is being lain on the road from a giant tape dispenser , wielded by a huge hand . following a similar theme , in another shot a couple lay down rolls of paper printed with road markings in the middle of the desert . a miniature man grooms a young man 's brows using a lawnmower . a giant hand holds a tape dispenser emitting the grey tarmac road being laid down . a couple lay down rolls of tarmac printed on paper on a desert road . a man installs a mural of the sea in the middle of the desert , creating an idyllic beach view . the beautiful sea view is in fact an artificial backdrop fixed to free-standing poles on an otherwise bare desert landscape in another picture . in the foreground , a man is up a step ladder fixing the ' view ' in place while the tools of his trade lie on the sand . and a scene of hot air balloons floating over green fields and hills is not all it seems , formed of red onion ' ballons ' , broccoli floret ' trees ' and potato ' hills ' . red onions take the place of hot air balloons as potatoes and broccoli make up the land below . a little girl flies a kite in a field ... or is it a broom ? street workmen install a quaver in a series of musical notes along an electric transmission line .