a british-born businessman has been placed on the fbi 's most wanted list over claims he conducted a multi-million pound luxury car scam . afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . afzal khan ( pictured ) is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . khan is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered , but for which the purchaser was still responsible . flamboyant khan , known to his clients as ' bobby ' , opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile . he appeared on us reality series the real housewives of new jersey and counted members of the show 's cast among his clients . he has now been accused of a massive fraud involving super cars including lamborghinis , bentleys and rolls royces . he is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered , but for which the purchaser was still responsible . he also obtained loans for cars that were delivered , but for which neither he nor emporio had title documents . as a result , the purchasers of these cars were liable for the loan , but could not register the vehicles . khan also offered to sell cars for customers , and then neither returned the cars nor provided any money from car sales . flamboyant khan , known to his clients as ' bobby ' , opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile . one financial institution is said to have lost $ 1.6million from its dealings with khan and 75 customers have come forward to make complaints against him . if convicted , he could face a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a multi-million dollar fine . khan was born in edinburgh to pakistani parents and moved to america more than 20 years ago . police and the fbi attempted to arrest him at his new jersey home at the end of october but could not locate him . he has now been placed on the fbi 's 10 most wanted ' white collar criminals ' list . in an interview he gave when he opened his car dealership in 2013 , khan boasted that he had been selling luxury cars since he was 18 . he said : ' there 's a waiting list for any car like this , because you ca n't find it , but the number of millionaires and billionaires grows every day . ' everybody wants the next toy . this is a boutique dealership . it 's like walking into a gucci or a fendi store . ' the fbi wanted poster for khan says he has ties to the united arab emirates , canada , the uk and pakistan , and may be found in those countries . he is described as 5 feet 10 inches and 180 pounds , with a scar on his right arm . last week , khan 's brother anil iqbal was arrested by police in new jersey investigating the alleged scam . iqbal , 36 , who was an employee at the dealership , has been charged with conspiracy to commit theft , theft by extortion , theft by deception and fencing . an fbi spokesman said : ' afzal khan is wanted for allegedly defrauding customers and financial institutions while he was the owner of emporio motor group , a car dealership in ramsey , new jersey . ' from approximately december 2013 to september 2014 , khan allegedly obtained loans for vehicles that were never delivered , obtained loans for vehicles without proper title , and issued insufficient funds checks . ' khan also allegedly offered to sell vehicles on consignment and then neither returned the vehicles nor provided any funds for the vehicle sales . ' a federal arrest warrant was issued for khan on october 21 , 2014 , by the united states district court , district of new jersey , newark , new jersey , after he was charged with wire fraud . ' the fbi is offering a reward of up to $ 20,000 for information leading to the arrest of afzal khan . ' 