borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer . klopp revealed on wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract , which was due to expire in 2018 . instead , he will be terminating his agreement with the westphalians in the summer to seek a new challenge , but he has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end . jurgen klopp ( centre ) speaks to mats hummels ( left ) during borussia dortmund 's thursday training session . the borussia dortmund coach leads the team 's training session as they prepare for a german league match against paderborn this weekend . and he expects the players to do the same , insisting they will be fully focused for saturday 's bundesliga clash with paderborn . ' we can draw strength from this story together , ' klopp said at thursday 's press conference . ' we 've always been able to find reasons to do something quite special . ' klopp relayed the reactions of the players to his decision to the assembled press , saying : ' nobody applauded me - so i guess that 's a good thing . you need a moment to deal with such information , which is why i did n't really assess much of what happened in training ( on wednesday ) , but that 's over now . klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years . klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager , but has urged his team to keep smiling . ' i want to see the players smiling , even if then somebody might write that the players are glad klopp 's leaving . ' the fans will have had a few days to digest the news too , by the time dortmund run out at the westfalenstadion on saturday , and klopp expects the atmosphere to be no different to usual . ' if somebody feels they need to give me or my coaching team three cheers , then they would be wrong , ' he added . klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around europe . klopp won the bundesliga title twice during his seven years as dortmund manager . ' i do n't expect it and i do n't need it . the important thing is that they get behind the team for 90 minutes . ' earlier on thursday , arsenal manager arsene wenger refused to add to the speculation over whether klopp 's next assignment will be in the barclays premier league . klopp insisted on wednesday that he had had no contact with any clubs , but stressed he did not plan to take an extended time-out from the game . the german has been installed as favourite to replace the under-fire manuel pellegrini at manchester city , but wenger was keen not to add fuel to the fire when quizzed on the matter . ' i 'm not an agency to place managers and i like every manager and respect everybody , but i find that circus a bit ridiculous , ' the frenchman said . on whether klopp would suit arsenal , wenger said : ' i already answered this question . ' wenger does not believe dortmund players will necessarily look to follow the charismatic 47-year-old out of the westfalenstadion . the emotion was clear to see as klopp announced he was leaving the club at a wednesday press conference . arsenal manager arsene wenger branded the ' circus ' around klopp 's decision as ' ridiculous ' . ' it 's down to every club to make the right decision and to respect dortmund , ' he said . ' dortmund is a massive club and will survive , and has the ability to keep their best players . ' they have a big history linked with great results and great achievements , so i do n't think that will stop for dortmund . ' klopp has enjoyed a hugely successful spell in charge of dortmund since taking over in 2008 , leading the club to two bundesliga titles , dfb-pokal success and the champions league final . this season has been more of a struggle , with the club battling it out at the bottom end of the league for much of the campaign and currently sitting 10th . asked about any advice he would give to foreign managers heading to the premier league , wenger replied : ' try to get your ideas through and adapt as well to the local culture , and respect it . ' 