nearly 11 months after travelling to syria and joining islamic state , british fighter hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters . known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria , in search of love . he is now living in a house with a group of english speaking fighters , originally as far as belgium , finland and australia . hamza parvez ( left ) standing next to belgian fighter and close friend abu mariya al-belgiki have been living together in a house in raqqa , syria . over six months since he travelled to syria , hamza 's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor . like hamza , all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor , with several of them taking to social media to voice their annoyance at being unable to escape their lonely life in syria . one of parvez 's best friends , a belgian fighter known as abu mariya al-belgiki , recently wrote : ' urgh another brother got married ... the pain ... lol i 'm happy for him but still ... the pain ... ' the hapless belgian wrote : ' but marriage for the mujahideen especially for us , who come from europe , is a big problem here ... there is no mujahiras . ' ' whenever you are going to marry someone ... their ( sic ) is always that guy who 's better than you ... u stand no chance ... life reality ... ' abu hamza ( left ) wearing the traditional hat of the pashtuns , and a dark robe . he is eating ice cream with his close friend abu hamza as-somali in the is held city of mosul . along with his best friend mohammed nasser , hamza parvez travelled to syria in may 2014 , telling his parent that he was going to germany . possibly on the advice of parvez , al-belgiki recently bought himself a pet , possibly to help him with his loneliness . the belgian fighter proudly showed off his ' babies ' , a pair of green budgerigars , perched in a big cage next to a prompted back ak 47 rifle . abu mariya reportedly travelled to syria last october , along with a group of up to 10 british nationals . he recently claimed that he met british fighter siddhartha dhar , known as abu rumaysah al-britani , who travelled to syria whilst he was on bail . the belgian fighter proudly shows off his ' babies ' , a pair of green budgerigars , perched in a big cage next to a prompted back ak 47 rifle . whilst living in mosul , hamza parvez owned a kitten called anbar . he wrote of his heartbreak at leaving behind his ' princess . ' another of hamza 's friends , abu ibrahim al-finlandi , was mocked on social media after revealed his devastation in discovering his dream jihadi bride had already got engaged . according to the finn , his wannabe bride had already got engaged to another fighter before she had even travelled to syria . the finnish fighter later revealed : ' gotten so desperate that i lift my requirements . yes my wife can be a bit older and taller than me , and ethnicity wo n't matter . ' a finnish fighter , whose account was recently suspended , wrote about his frustration in the process of trying to find a wife . the finnish fighter was mocked on social media after publicly revealing his dissatisfaction at the marriage process in islamic state territory . he went to moan about having to wait six months before he was allowed to apply to get married and ' hope a sister picks out you from hundreds of other applicants . ' parvez has also previously expressed on on his ask.fm account that wanted to get married and have ' two or three children . ' nicknamed ' hungry hamza ' , the portly jihadi is forever posting pictures of his dinner and even claims in his profile biography that he is most likely to be found in the islamic state kitchen . parvez previously said on on his ask.fm account that he wanted to get married and have ' two or three children . ' hamza is frequently mocked for his love of junk food , possibly a major turn off for many of his potential brides . it is possible his insatiable appetite might be due to comfort eating as hamza 's family have reportedly not spoken to him for months . after studying at holland park school , parvez worked as a waiter at a hotel in shephard 's bush , west london . along with his best friend mohammed nasser , a roehampton university business graduate , parvez travelled to syria in may 2014 , telling his parent that he was going to germany . he has lived in both iraq and syria , spending a considerable amount of time in the iraqi city of mosul . 