it 's well known that exercise can make your muscles bigger . now , a study has found it may make your brain larger , too . physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain , increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination , according to health day news . the changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term , such as reducing the risk of falling , said the study 's author , dr urho kujala , of the university of jyvaskyla . scroll down for video . exercise can increase the size of areas of the brain that contribute to balance and coordination , a study found . it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age , he added . dr kujala said physical activity has already been linked to a number of health benefits , such as lower levels of body fat , reduced heart disease risk factors , better memory and thinking , and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes . but he and his team wanted to understand how exercise affects the brain . they recruited 10 pairs of identical twins , who were all men aged 32 to 36 years . focusing on twins , who have the same dna , would allow researchers to see how their environment affects their bodies . in each pair of twins , one brother had exercised more over the past three years than the other , though they reported they carried out similar levels of exercise earlier in their lives . dr kujala said : ' on average , the more active members of twin pairs were jogging three hours more per week compared to their inactive co-twins . ' the twins had mri scans of their brains so researchers could see whether physical activity had any impact on the size of their brains , and specific regions . exercise did n't seem to affect the size of the brain as a whole , dr kujala said . but there was a connection between more activity and more brain volume in areas related to movement , he added . previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat , a reduced risk of heart disease , better memory and thinking , and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes . the twins who exercised more did a better job of controlling their blood sugar , which reduces the risk of diabetes , a finding which is already well-known . the study was published in the journal medicine & science in sports & exercise . it comes after us researchers found regular exercise can also make you smarter . university of south carolina experts found regular treadmill sessions create more mitochondria - structures in the cells that produce the body 's energy - in the brain . this energy boost helped the brain to work faster and more efficiently , effectively keeping it younger , researchers said . in the short term this could reduce mental fatigue and sharpen your thinking in between gym sessions . and building up a large reservoir of mitochondria in the brain could also create a ' buffer ' against age-related brain diseases such as alzheimer 's . 