candle entrepreneur jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the tories ' as the ' only people ' who can keep the economy secure . perfume entrepreneur jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising the tories as the ' only people ' who can keep the economy secure . in a major boost to the conservatives ' lacklustre campaign , the signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they ' would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . ms malone , one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter , this morning claimed a labour government would ' jeopardise ' the economic recovery . appearing on sky news , ms malone said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant estee lauder in 2006 , but had ' started all over again ' by setting up a new business three years ago . the new candle and fragrance business , called jo love , now employs 14 people she said . but ms malone claimed labour were a risk to all small businesses like hers . she said : ' the world is looking at us as a really strong economy again . its working , and people 's lives are coming back together and jobs are being created , why would we jeopardise that ? ' i 've never put my head above the parapet in politics but i feel so passionately and so strongly this time that i do have to say something . and this is my voice i 'm not representing anyone but myself and my business . ' with 10 days to go and from what i 've seen i 'm afraid my vote is not going to go to ed miliband it 's going to david cameron and i 'm going to support them and i 'm going to speak out because i believe this economy is on a very secure footing . ' it comes as mr cameron attempts to move the arguments of the election campaign onto britain 's economic recovery . in a major boost to the prime minister - pictured in central london this morning - 5,000 businesses said they ' would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . mr cameron launched the conservatives ' small business manifesto this morning - promising to make britain the best place in europe to set up a company . the tories ' small business launch suffered an embarrassing blow this morning after one of the firms which apparently put its name to a letter in support of david cameron withdrew its support – claiming it never signed it . aurum solutions has been removed from the letter after saying its sales director did not sign it and that the company 's policy is to remain ' politically unaligned ' . the company asked for its name to be taken off the letter , tweeting : ' our sales director did not sign the letter in support of the conservative party . please remove signatory 413 immediately . ' aurum solutions managing director helen belcher claimed that sales director steve o'hehir was sent an email by the tories , then clicked on a link within it , but did not enter any details . but the tories said all the signatories had to actively enter their details on the party website . a party spokesman said : ' everyone whose name was published actively signed up to the letter on the conservative party 's website . ' the letter to the telegraph states : ' we run small businesses right across the country . we work hard , make sacrifices and invest our own money to help our businesses grow and succeed . ' it was tough during the recession , but we kept going . this conservative-led government has been genuinely committed to making sure britain is open for business . ' they 've managed to get the economy moving again by tackling the deficit , helping to keep interest rates low and inflation down . we 've been helped by their steps to lower taxes , reduce red tape , simplify employment law and get the banks lending . ' a change to a labour government the letter warns ' would be far too risky and would undo all the good work of the last 5 years ' . the letter is designed to challenge labour claims that the tories only support big businesses . it was organised by karren brady , the star of the apprentice and tory peer and comes as the party today launches its small business manifesto . baroness brady said : ' ed miliband and his team do n't really get what it is to run a business . ' writing in the telegraph , she added : ' if labour got into government and started wrecking our economy again , many more businesses would struggle and jobs would be lost . ' it does n't bear thinking about . david cameron and the conservatives have a clear plan for this country which is already taking us in the right direction . ' mr cameron appeared on itv 's ' lorraine ' this morning , with just a week and a half until polling day on may 7 . shadow business secretary chuka umunna last night insisted labour would be better for small businesses . he said : ' the tories have spent five years letting down britain 's small businesses . government scheme after government scheme designed to boost finance for small firms has failed , and small business lending has fallen by £500m in the last three months . ' with labour , the tax burden on small firms will be lower than under the tories who have overseen an increase in business rates of around £1,500 . ' labour 's better plan will cut - then freeze - business rates , set up a small business administration and a proper british investment bank to back small businesses . and only labour will tackle late payment and the unfair treatment of small suppliers we 've seen under the tories . '