a 33-year-old professional skydiver who has made more than 6,000 dives was killed during a dive in florida on wednesday , after her chute apparently collided with another mid-air . jessica edgeington , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ' swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland , florida . it is the second death at the skydiving center this year , after navy seal william marston died after landing heavily in january . it is unclear what type of dive edgeinton was maneuvering , but she appears to have run into a problem in the air . first responders arrived about 4.10pm and edgeington was pronounced dead at the scene . tragedy : jessica edgeington , 33 , a professional skydiver , was killed in a dive on wednesday in deland , florida , after apparently colliding with another dive mid-air . professional : edgeington had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called ' swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . investigation : it is unclear what type of dive edgeinton was maneuvering , but she appears to have run into a problem in the air , but the crash is under investigation . scene : edgeington was pronounced dead at deland municipal airport on wednesday about 4.10pm . local media reports say edgeington collided with another diver , causing a problem with her parachute . however the crash is currently under investigation . according to the tampa bay times , ' swoopers ' like edgeington jump from the plane at 5,000 feet and reach speeds of 90 miles per hour as they descend . the sport is about how the person can handle their parachute and make maneuvers , including turns and twists . edgeington gave an interview with the associated press in may last year while competing for a spot on the u.s. parachute team . ' it 's not necessarily scary to jump out of the plane anymore , ' she said . killed : jessica edgeington , seen here at a swooping course , died wednesday afternoon after flying out of skydive deland in florida on wednesday . edgeington continued in the interview : ' i get competition nerves when i 'm at something like this . ' so that 's probably the most nerve wracking thing , is getting ready to compete . ' trying to perform and do your best . hopefully not mess up . ' on her facebook page , edgeington lists herself as a ' canopy coach ' for pd factory team . canopy coaches educate skydivers of every level , from beginners working on accuracy to advanced semi-pros and elite military personnel . her page was inundated with messages from family , friends and colleagues following the tragedy on wednesday . crash : jessica edgeington , 33 , of villa rica , georgia , died wednesday afternoon at skydive deland . it is the second death at the the deland field this year . in january , william ' blake ' marston , a navy seal learning how to skydive , died after hitting the land too hard , according to my news 13 . the field is at deland municipal airport . tributes : hundreds of tributes have flooded in for the skydiver , describing her as a ' wonderful soul ' . two other men died in separate incidents at skydive deland in 2013 . that year , in the 3.2 million jumps that happened across the country , the united states parachute associated recorded a total of 24 fatal skydiving accidents . there are thousands of dives at skydive delandeach year . it is also the home of skydive university , a professional skydiving instruction and coaching organization .      