a bullish performance by exeter tighthead tomas francis could trigger a tug-of-war between stuart lancaster and warren gatland after the 21st 2lb prop helped end northampton’s three-month unbeaten run in the aviva premiership . against a side who pride themselves on the set-piece , francis dominated his scrummaging contest against alex corbisiero and put down a significant marker for his inclusion at the world cup . the 22-year-old — who qualifies for both england and wales — is yet to pledge his international allegiance , despite having been called up to gatland’s training camp during the rbs 6 nations . dave ewers ( right ) tackles samu manoa of northampton saints during the aviva premiership match . chiefs prop tomas francis , who qualifies for england and wales , impressed up against alex corbisiero . ‘ tomas is a young man and will only get better through regular exposure , ’ said exeter director of rugby rob baxter . ‘he’s been to a welsh training camp , but he’s english . ’ with wales suffering from injury problems in the front row , francis ( right ) could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face england in the world cup pool match . but his performance at sandy park may tempt lancaster to make a late move for the youngster , with chiefs moving back into the play-off positions with three games to play . christian day ( right ) and alex corbisiero of northampton drive at the exeter defence during their defeat . try-scorer elliot is tackled by the chiefs defence as they tried to start a comeback but were n't able to . some suspected a saints backlash following their european exit to clermont auvergne but a yellow mist descended and the champions paid the price for indiscipline and inaccuracy . with calum clark , stephen myler and alex waller all sin-binned within 15 minutes of each other , exeter turned the screw and sent northampton home empty handed . exeter started sharply with phil dollman touching down before northampton pulled back through james wilson’s try . mitch lees ( right ) attempts to drive through northampton number eight dickinson at sandy park . lees attempts to break a tackle of the saints forwards as he helped his side to victory over northampton . henry slade’s penalties and the saints’ ill-discipline kept exeter in charge before francis’ pressure at the set-piece helped earn a penalty try . ‘ they put our set piece — particularly our scrums — under pressure , ’ said saints director of rugby jim mallinder . jamie elliot dived over for a late try , but it was scant consolation for the travel-weary northampton . wasps ' tom varndell on his way to a try hat-trick . leigh may miss semi . leigh halfpenny could miss toulon’s champions cup semi-final against leinster after suffering a suspected dislocated shoulder during saturday’s top 14 victory over grenoble . however , saracens are confident fly-half owen farrell will recover from a knee injury in time for their semi-final against clermont auvergne . winger tom varndell scored a hat-trick of tries as wasps secured a bonus point 40-13 victory at london welsh . despite keeping their top-six hopes alive , wasps director of rugby dai young warned : ‘ we need to improve . ’ sale director of rugby steve diamond hit out at referee greg macdonald after a surprise 25-23 defeat at london irish . ‘ for the critical try just before half-time , their player was 15 metres offside , ’ said diamond .