inter milan manager roberto mancini insists that reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are ' completely made up ' . the switzerland international joined the italians from bayern munich in january for a fee in the region of £12million , signing a four-and-a-half year contract . the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off in recent weeks and has found himself dropped to the bench for the previous two serie a matches . xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in the january transfer window . and it has been suggested that inter are looking to offload the attacking midfielder at the end of the season , but mancini has rubbished the speculation insisting shaqiri can have a big future in italy . ' this shaqiri thing is completely made up , ' he told reporters . ' we bought shaqiri last january because we think that he can have a big future at inter . then during the season , there might be a moment when a player 's form drops , and there are other players that in that moment are able to step in . so that 's the only situation going on right now . ' shaqiri has our full confidence . he is our player . then he has also changed his team , so it 's normal that he might struggle at a certain stage . shaqiri has been dropped to the bench by roberto mancini in recent matches . ' it 's not that he can join a new club and altogether be the one that single-handedly wins games by himself . ' he will always have a drop in form at a certain stage so in that moment there are other players ready to step in - they are normally there for that reason . so one only plays when he deserves to play . ' we bought shaqiri because we believe in his qualities , ' mancini added . the inter boss insists shaqiri will not be leaving the club despite reports to the contrary . ' then if bayern [ munich ] decided to sell him , it 's because they have so many players that eventually they have reached the conclusion that shaqiri is a young player and that he needs to play . ' inter could be the right solution for him and we are happy about this . i am sure that shaqiri next season will achieve great things . '