in the aftermath of sunday 's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that , all-of-a-sudden , looks as outdated as a commodore 64 . then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager manuel pellegrini . but the biggest challenge for manchester city this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have . manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero should they slip out of the premier league 's top four . aguero scores the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united . it may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at old trafford but there was an important landmark for the brilliant sergio aguero that deserves to be recognised . the aftermath of a crushing derby defeat at the old enemy may not be the place for jelly and ice-cream but the argentine 's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration . take a minute to think where city would have been without that century . remember that title-winning goal against qpr in 2012 ? most , in that situation , would have put their foot through the ball as soon as it arrived from mario balotelli . the argentine forward clinched the premier league title for city with this striker against qpr in 2012 . aguero wheels away in celebration after giving the city faithful inside the etihad a moment to remember . not kun . the man who takes his nickname from a cartoon character had city fans believing in fairy tales when he feigned a shot to open up space before firing home probably the biggest goal in the club 's long history . that calm head , that powerful shot and that unnerving ability to find the target are what city paid what now looks like a bargain £38m for in 2011 . aguero is settled in manchester and signed a new five-year deal only last august . however , he now has to think of himself . aguero scores past united goalkeeper david de gea to earn his 19th premier league goal of the season . the city players look dejected during the 4-2 defeat which left their side fourth in the premier league table . if the unthinkable happens and city slip outside the top four will one of the best players in the world be happy at a season without showcasing his talents on the champions league stage ? there are admirers . real madrid and barcelona are both fans . should either register an interest city would face a desperate battle to keep hold of their star man . while a move to madrid may come with an enticing caveat in the shape of gareth bale , the loss of aguero would be exceptionally difficult to recover from . manuel pellegrini signed former swansea city striker wilfried bony for £30million in january . april 19 west ham united ( h ) . april 25 aston villa ( h ) . may 3 tottenham hotspur ( a ) . may 10 queens park rangers ( h ) . may 17 swansea city ( a ) . may 24 southampton ( h ) . where else do you get those goals from ? while it is too early in his city career to pass judgement it would appear that the burden would be too much for wilfried bony 's broad shoulders . the former swansea city man , who cost just £10m less than aguero , has failed to hit the ground running since his january move and has scored only once in five appearances . the powers-that-be would no doubt have to open their chequebook but who would come to an aguero-less city ? and , should they sleepwalk out of the top four , who would dream of coming to a club without champions league football ? city are reportedly targeting juventus midfielder paul pogba as they look to strengthen this summer . the likes of paul pogba and raheem sterling are potential targets . sportsmail understands discussions have already taken place with a number of new additions . but will they also want to come to a club shorn of its idol ? it is a big question and one that city will be desperate not to have to discover the answer to . there are others to ponder . does pellegrini stay ? and what share of the blame do executives ferran soriano and txiki begiristain take ? pellegrini 's future as city boss is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign at the etihad . are they at fault for spending the best part of £200m since 2012 without really strengthening the team or does pellegrini carry the can ? with financial fair play sanctions hurting , it was essential that city got bang for the buck . in reality they barely had a whimper . the pile on the in-tray on chairman khaldoon al mubarak 's desk seems to be getting taller every week . it is essential that keeping aguero is top of that ever-growing list or else that ageing blue machine risks heading for an even bigger crash . 