northern ireland 's tourism board is hitting back at actor kit harington after the game of thrones heartthrob cracked a few jokes at the expense of its capital city . harington , who plays the character jon snow , poked fun at belfast and tourism bosses when he appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the hbo series’ return to tv screens . the 28-year-old londoner joked to host seth myers that belfast is ‘ wonderful for two or three days’ and emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city , drawing laughter from a studio audience . scroll down for video . game of thrones star kit harington told host seth myers that belfast is ' wonderful for two or three days ' . northern ireland is a principal filming location for game of thrones , which has a studio in belfast , and fans travel from all corners of the world to visit beauty spots where scenes are shot . tourism bosses have leveraged the show’s popularity to draw visitors and they said it has helped belfast to become one of the most popular city break destinations in the uk . in a brief exchange on monday night’s show myers , host of late night with seth myers , which airs on nbc in the us , pointed out that game of thrones films in ‘ a lot of incredible locations’ , including croatia and spain . he added : ‘ your part isn’t in the nice places . what would you say to the traveller going to belfast , or the tourist going to belfast ? ’ the londoner plays the character jon snow on the hbo programme , which is set to return for a fifth series . harington said : ‘it’s wonderful for two or three days . ’ myers said : ‘ and you’ve been there for years ? ’ drawing more laughter from the audience , harington replied : ‘ five years . no , i have to be careful about what i say . ’ harington added : ‘they’ve got a wonderful tourist board . they celebrate three things , which is having the most bombed hotel in europe , which is great … and they built the titanic , which is a ship that sunk on its maiden voyage and now they have game of thrones , the most depressing tv show in history . so it’s a wonderful , depressing tourist board . ’ host seth myers did n't include belfast when he identified game of thrones ' ' incredible ' filming locations . harington , appearing on late night with seth myers , said belfast has a ' wonderful , depressing ' tourism board . in response to the interview a tourism northern ireland spokeswoman said the filming of game of thrones as a ‘ key asset and a key area for growth in northern ireland . ’ the spokeswoman told mailonline travel : ' belfast and northern ireland is recognised as a great short break destination . ' belfast was recently voted , for a fourth consecutive year by tripadvisor , as one of the uk’s top 10 best destinations among travellers from around the world . ' in recent years significant investment into our tourism infrastructure has created unique visitor experiences . this includes titanic belfast which was recently named europe’s number one visitor attraction and since it’s opening in 2012 has exceeded visitor number expectations , attracting over two million visitors from across 145 countries . ' tourism bosses said titanic belfast has attracted more than two million visitors from 145 countries . the dark hedges in country antrim is one of the most recognisable filming locations from game of thrones . belfast was named the seventh best city break in the uk in this year’s tripadvisor travellers’ choice awards . a spokeswoman for visit belfast added : ‘ the success of big budget film and tv productions locating to northern ireland has provided the tourism industry with a unique and priceless opportunity to promote both our city and our spectacular rural setting to a truly global audience . ‘belfast’s titanic story and the filming of game of thrones at stunning sites across northern ireland have provided a powerful combination in attracting growing numbers to both belfast and northern ireland over recent years . ‘ just as titanic belfast has become the city’s most popular visitor attraction , game of thrones , in its success , has created a demand for a growing number of tourism enterprises from bus tours , walking trails to activities such as archery and banquets . ‘ all these complement the range of attractions , activities and events , great food and hospitality that belfast and northern ireland already offers the short break visitor . ’ harington isn’t the first person affiliated with game of thrones to stir up controversy with comments about belfast . last year hbo’s president of programming , michael lombardo , apologised after he told us magazine vulture that the show’s producers were struggling to adapt to life there . he said : ' it 's a little bit of a personal challenge i do n't think they contemplated when we initially found our location in belfast , what that meant for them personally… belfast is not the most cosmopolitan of cities to spend half of the year . ' he added : ' i do n't think they have a hard time , but the good news is work keeps them busy , let 's just say that . '