the mass brawl which broke out at a bar opening inside a queens casino friday night was allegedly caused by an argument in an enormous line for drinks . hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a fat tuesdays bar inside the resort world casino ended up at each other 's throats when the party went sour . according to a casino worker , the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol , dragging their group of friends into the conflict . scroll down for video . chairs in the air : an enormous fight broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens , new york . bar brawl : video posted on twitter showed angry patrons attacking one another . the fisticuffs escalated , with guests grabbing chairs and poles to bring to the fray , as security guards rushed in to try to calm the brawlers down . bystanders uploaded cell phone footage of the ugly brawl , which broke out around 10.30pm , to social media . running gangs of fighters can be seen storming through the halls of the casino , shouting profanities at one another . a witness , elize brown , told cbs2 new york : ' it was chairs flying everywhere — it was chaotic . ' it was nerve-wracking . it was like you do n't know what the next thing that was going to happen was . ' according to the new york post , three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl , which injured four security guards and a police officer . andrew rivers and jovan bovell , both 23 , were charged with disorderly conduct . fists flying : huge crowds of people went at one another using their fists , or even casino props , to hurt one another . bovell was also charged with resisting arrest , while marcus stewart , 30 , was issued two summonses for disorderly conduct . several of those involved were taken to hospital to be treated for their injuries . ambulances were pictured gathered outside the scene of the fight late friday night . resorts world pledged to increase security and work with police to prevent a second round . a spokesman said : ' there is absolutely no room for this kind of behavior at our facility ' . the damage from the fight is thought to top $ 4,000 . scene : the fisticuffs took place at resorts world casino , near jfk airport in queens , new york .