donning stilettos , lipstick and mascara , the young men take to the streets of one of washington dc 's most violent neighborhoods . but under their clothing - and in some cases , in their louis vuitton bags - they are carrying knives , brass knuckles and pepper spray . meet some of the more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america . the teenagers and young adults , who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives , are the subjects of a new independent documentary . the film , also named check it , explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons . but now , the 'tight-knit ' gang members , who are aged 14 to 22 , are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . scroll down for video . documentary star : this is one of more than 200 members of check it , the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america . impoverished area : the gang members , many of whom have been stabbed and shot at , have faced discrimination throughout their lives . transformation : they are now the subjects of a new independent film , which tells of how some of them have served time in juvenile prisons . dressing up : but now , the 'tight-knit ' gang members ( including this member ) , who are aged 14 to 22 , are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . they are working on their own clothing label , putting on fashion shows and working stints as models . contrast : the documentary describes how the gang members have to deal with violence and fights on a regular basis ( left ) but have now launched their own fashion label ( right : a youth models for the label ) in a bid to escape their ' often brutal ' lives in trinidad , washington dc . they have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows in the north-east neighborhood , according to the film and an indiegogo page . and some of them are even working stints as runway models . all the while , they are offering each other unconditional love and support . ' at its heart , the film explores the undying friendship that exists between these kids - an unbreakable bond that is tested every day , ' the page states . however , amid their achievements , the youths often encounter setbacks , with the community they live in ' relentlessly trying to beat them down ' . ' when the check it are not taking small steps forward on the catwalk , they too often take massive steps backwards , ' the page explains . the documentary follows the members , led by ex-convict mo , as they get into fights , are ridiculed by passerbys and struggle with their fashion plans . in its trailer , dana flor , who co-directed the film with toby oppenheimer , says : ' a lot of times just being black , you have a lot of odds against you . ' according to the washingtonian , she continues : ' being gay and black ... it 's like a nightmare waiting to happen . ' close : ' at its heart , the film explores the undying friendship that exists between these kids - an unbreakable bond that is tested every day ' . hard life : formed in 2005 by a group of ' bullied 9th graders ' , check it now has more than 200 members , all of whom live a life that is ' brutal ' . transgender : because the youths - many of whom live transgender lives - are so close , their gang was difficult for filmmakers to infiltrate . violence to fashion : gang members are pictured getting into a fight ( left ) , and participating in a fashion show ( right ) in the independent film . formed in 2005 by a group of ' bullied 9th graders ' , check it now has more than 200 members , all of whom live a life that is ' brutal ' but also ' full of hope ' . because the youths - many of whom cross-dress or live transgender lives - are so close , the gang 's structure was difficult for filmmakers to infiltrate . however , over a three-year-period , ms flor and mr oppenheimer gradually managed to immerse themselves in the members ' lives in trinidad . ' these kids have been let down by everybody in their life , ' ms flor said . ' you have to assert them that you 're for real , that you 're not going to go away . ' he added : ' the documentary will not only go into the challenges members face , but also depict their dream of launching a fashion line . ' actor steve buscemi , of new york-based olive productions , is producing the documentary , alongside ms flor and mr oppenheimer . let down : ' these kids have been let down by everybody in their life ... you have to assert them that you 're for real , you 're not going to go away ' . raising money : filmmakers are raising money to help fund the final editing stages of the film ( pictured ) . they have so far raised $ 62,630 . they hope the film will expose the discrimination that the gang faces - and show the ' amazing things ' the youths are capable of . they also hope it will ' encourage a similarly open-minded conversation about hiv , anti-gay discrimination , and poverty both nationally ' and locally . filmmakers are raising money to help fund the final editing stages of the film . on saturday , they surpassed their $ 60,000 goal . ten per cent of the donations will be given to the gang 's fashion label . the fundraiser ends in only 10 hours ; to donate , click here . for more information , visit check it 's ( film ) website or facebook page .