a health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted the potentially deadly disease whooping cough . kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area , but parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there . the sunshine coast daily reports that infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper , a professorial research fellow at the university of queensland 's institute for molecular bioscience , attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend . parents have been accused of not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted whooping cough . ' it 's unfortunately just part of a growing trend that many people have decided not to immunise , ' he said . ' we 've seen this with other diseases that are more serious than pertussis but unfortunately the more people who choose not to immunise the more likely it is we 'll get outbreaks . ' although immunisation rates in queensland have dropped across most age groups there since 2010 , in 2014 the metro north region had the highest immunisation rate in the state . kilcoy state school ( pictured ) in north brisbane is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area . there are about 1200 cases of whooping cough every year in the metro north area . this region covers the brisbane river to past caboolture . in total there have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 - alarmingly 16 in the past week - compared to 113 last year . statewide , 232 cases have been reported . parents were urged to take children with any symptoms to their family doctor . dr cooper said it was essential to convince parents of the importance of vaccination . he said if vaccination rates continued to fall there could be an increase in unfortunate and preventable deaths . parents were urged parents to take children with any symptoms to their family doctor , and for children who tested positive to stay away from school for five days . 