the ultimate supercar sales pitch ? can i sell you a car for your wife as well as your girlfriend ? it may sound more like the kind of line once uttered by used-car salesman arthur daley but such is the wealth of a new breed of rich who are buying up ferraris , lamborghinis and porsches , that it 's not an unfeasible question . a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry , where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . scroll down for video . a woman in a man 's world : expert seller saba syed , pictured above with husband sheikh amari , sells luxury cars to the super rich . saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom . happy to break the mould : saba does n't flinch in the traditionally male-dominated world of motoring and says : ' women have very good taste in cars . ' while mere mortals might only dream of getting behind the wheel of some of these ultimate driving machines , a select portion of the world 's population are trading them like toys . a standard supercar can cost around £250,000 , with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000 , while some of the industry 's more sought-after vehicles can expect to sell for millions at london 's prestigious car auctions . the supercar business is unashamedly male-dominated - these are the original boys toys , after all . yet one woman is breaking the mould , with a little help from her car-loving husband . preston-based saba syed and husband sheikh amari have been married for 12 years and run one of the country 's leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars across the globe . while sheikh buys the cars , saba does the selling and is n't afraid to be a woman in a man 's world . in fact , she thinks her gender helps her sell more cars . driving down a different path : tom hartley left school at 11 to focus on ' wheeling and dealing ' ... his son carl has followed the same path , ditching education in favour of a role in his dad 's business . in supercars : the million pound motors , airing tonight , she says : ' it just feels great to be that one person who 's not the stereotype . ' she insists her dealership goes the extra mile to ensure cars are extremely clean : ' our prep is quite in-depth and we clean in places where most dealers would n't . that 's a woman 's touch . ' her husband admits he 's addicted to cars : ' if you cut me open you 've got super unleaded fuel coming out of me . ' he describes the classic cars that he sells as ' works of art ' . saba says that she can tell straight away what a customer wants : ' my focus is on the lifestyle choice . i firmly believe that anyone who comes in knows whether they want to buy or not . ' you live once , you work hard . they 're buying into a lifestyle of luxury . ' although the premium car market might traditionally be seen as something that men enjoy more , saba says more and more women are coming into the showroom . ' women have very good taste in cars . you do n't honestly think we talk about cars do you [ when selling ] . we talk about shiny , red soles ! ' another leading uk supercar salesman is self-made millionaire tom hartley , 53 , who runs his motoring business with son carl . tom sells to everyone from actors to music industry stars and even has a helipad next to his showroom to ensure would-be buyers can zoom in and out from the skies if they need to . hartley left school at 11 to concentrate on honing his wheeler-dealer skills and now turns over millions of pounds every year . his biggest sale to date is a car that fetched £40million . his son carl followed an almost identical route , leaving education at 11 to join the established business . the pair , who live in seven-bedroom luxury mansions opposite each other in derbyshire have their spectacular showroom inbetween their properties . the father-and-son duo sell to everyone from celebrities to footballers and music industry people to actors and shift around £4million worth of luxury cars every week . carl says of his deal-maker dad : ' he 's my role model , everything i know , i know because i 've learned from him . ' owner tom has been warned to take a backseat in the business due to health problems caused by his full-on lifestyle , a task that he 's not found easy : ' slow down ? i do n't think i will . i love challenges . i love adventure . i love gambling and i love taking a risk . ' in matte black , please : the world 's wealthy are lusting after the lamborghini aventador . top speed : 217mph ( 350km/h ) acceleration : 0-62 mph ( 0-100 km/h ) in 2.9s . fuel tank capacity : 90 litres ( 23.8 gal . ) engine oil capacity : 13 litres ( 3.4 gal . ) distribution : only 200 units were made . if you have around £300,000 to spend on a flash car , then the lamborghini aventador is the car of the moment . footballers love them as do the young , rich arabs who flock to london during the summer months . uk supercar dealer tom hartley says the car is the ' leading in-demand , super-rich car to buy . ' the aventador retails at around £300,000 and boasts an incredible set of specs , managing 0-62mph in 2.9 seconds and reaching a top speed of 217mph . earlier this year , boxer amir khan posted a shot on instagram of his aventador . other celebrities who own one of the vehicles include the kardashians and justin bieber . last month , premier league striker steven fletcher was widely ridiculed after he took delivery of the supercar , with fans quick to point out that his performance on the pitch did n't merit such extravagance . dozens of fans shared a mock message on twitter reading : ‘ steven fletcher : two seasons , seven goals , one new lamborghini aventador . ’