with a 45,000sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , a two michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools , it 's no wonder celebrities flock to the award-winning pennyhill park . nestled in the pretty surrey countryside in bagshot , the luxury spa and hotel has attracted so many famous names since it opened , it looks like a who’s who of the celebrity world . daniel craig , nicole kidman , cameron diaz , justin timberlake , catherine zeta-jones , michael douglas , lewis hamilton and russell crowe have all enjoyed some time at the venue . nestled in the pretty surrey countryside in bagshot , the luxury spa and hotel has attracted many celebrities . pennyhill park has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . celebrities including nicole kidman and daniel craig are regulars at pennyhill park . and the england rugby team had pennyhill park – which has recently unveiled a £500,000 makeover to its spa – as their training base for the rugby world cup . the historic property , which according to the tithe land registry of 1609 is on the site of a warning beacon used as part of the defences against the spanish armada in 1588 , was first built in 1851 . it then changed hands to a frankfurt banker in 1879 , and an orangery – the site of the current spa – was added in 1881 . pennyhill was used as a rest house during the first world war . exclusive hotels then bought it and transformed it into a world-class five-star hotel . today , it 's a sight to behold , mixing history with modern luxury . it 's a wedding venue , a delightful spot for afternoon tea , and is perfectly placed close to ascot , sunningdale and wentworth for golf and racing lovers . the spa offers the best in treatments delivered in stylish , chic treatment rooms . pennyhill park boasts a 45,000sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , and eight swimming pools . inside the high-end hotel ( which also boasts a helipad ) are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same . i’m staying in the plush silver birch suite , which boasts a sumptuous four-poster bed featuring a super-comfortable handmade mattress – as well as a pillow menu . the rustic design blends antique with contemporary , dark mahoganies with pastel hues , giving the interior a grand air . however , the piece de resistance is the bathroom . it’s larger than the actual bedroom , with huge apex ceilings . it features two , free-standing white volcanic limestone baths , separated by a champagne chiller , and a large flat-screen tv recessed into the wall . guests can take full advantage of thermal heaven at the spa , exploring its various treatment rooms . the spa boasts an extensive outdoor decking area along with seating for up to 200 people . it’s stunning . and for those who don’t fancy a soak in the tub , there’s a huge shower in which you can experience various settings from the rain curtain and the head spray to cold water mist and body spray . although the number of buttons and settings does become quite confusing . my friend and i wander down to the spa , which boasts an extensive outdoor decking area along with seating for up to 200 people , featuring dining tables and luxurious loungers . the bathroom features two , free-standing white volcanic limestone baths , separated by a champagne chiller . the rustic design blends antique with contemporary , dark mahoganies with pastel hues . there are heated outdoor hot tubs , with varying powerjets , a jacuzzi , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . there’s also a bar with a pimms pump ; perfect for the summer bbq season . once inside the spa , which has received ‘5 bubbles’ from the good spa guide , guests can take full advantage of thermal heaven . we spent a few hours going from room to room – enjoying herbal saunas , aromatic laconium , tepidarium , ice cave , schnapps steam room and foot massage thrones . after , we go for a swim in the crystal blue 25-metre indoor pool – which also features underwater music . surrounding it are cosy loungers where you can while away a few hours reading or having a snooze . it really is a haven of tranquility . we stay for lunch in the spa where guests are encouraged to wear their fluffy white robes while they eat . the various spa therapy rooms mix sweltering saunas with icy plunge pools and everything in between . pennyhill park is perfectly placed close to ascot , sunningdale and wentworth for golf and racing lovers . i help myself to the gourmet salad bar , featuring dishes such as swordfish steak , chicken quinoa salad and tiger prawn noodles . there 's also a juice bar and a menu featuring sirloin steak , sea bass and tortilla wraps . we spend the afternoon in and out of the various spa therapy rooms , mixing sweltering saunas with icy plunge pools and everything in between . i’m booked in for a vitality massage , and emerge an hour later like i’m walking on air . it’s up there with the best massagers i’ve ever had – incorporating traditional swedish techniques which aim to boost circulation and restore vitality . i find myself dozing off despite having an already-relaxing day . the brasserie ( 2 aa rosettes ) is pennyhill’s contemporary , relaxed restaurant , affording views over the stunning grounds . during lunch in the spa , guests are encouraged to wear their fluffy white robes while they eat . guests are spoiled for choice when it comes to dining options . there’s michael wignall at the latymer ( two michelin stars and fiveaa rosettes ) – a 50 cover restaurant serving stunningly-crafted dishes . the elite chef’s table , a private dining option which opens for a minimum of six and a maximum of eight people . and the ascot bar – ideal for meeting for pre/post dinner drinks or to enjoy light meals or afternoon tea . so that evening , we enjoy a drink at the bar before being seated in the brasserie ( 2 aa rosettes ) , pennyhill’s contemporary , relaxed restaurant affording views over the stunning grounds . michael wignall at the latymer ( two michelin stars and five aa rosettes ) serves stunningly-crafted dishes . the menu is full to the brim with delicious-sounding main courses and desserts . the menu is full to the brim with delicious-sounding dishes . there’s a trio of gressingham duck , compressed watermelon , english asparagus and aged balsamic for starters ; braised shoulder of lamb and loin , haricot bean fricassee , spring cabbage , smoked celeriac puree and lamb caper jus for main ; and valrhona 70 per cent hot chocolate fondant , cocoa streusel , white coffee ice cream for dessert . there 's also goat cheese parcel , butternut squash risotto and roast chestnut gnocchi for vegetarians . it’s a perfect ending to a perfect day . we head back to our room for what turns out to be a fantastic night’s sleep . if you end up leaving pennyhill park feeling this invigorated , it’s no wonder a-listers keep heading back for more . the total price of a similar stay at pennyhill park is £750 to £850 , depending on availability . it includes a three course meal at the brasserie plus a bottle of house wine and mineral water , overnight accommodation in an exclusive junior suite , full english breakfast , and full use of the spa facilities from 3pm on the day of your arrival to 2pm on the day of your departure . as an extra , the 60-minute vitality massage was priced at £105 . pennyhill park hotel & the spa . london road , bagshot , surrey , gu19 5eu . 01276 486156 . 