a students’ union has been accused of racism and sexism after banning white people and men from an event to promote equality . those studying at goldsmiths , university of london , were invited to the students’ union meeting to discuss ‘ diversifying the curriculum’ . but they were shocked when an organiser told white people and men ‘ not to come’ as it was only open to bme [ black and minority ethnic ] women . bahar mustafa , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a ' diversity ' meeting . the union eventually backed down after a backlash from students , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ‘ patronising beyond belief’ . the event , held on wednesday , was organised by welfare and diversity officer bahar mustafa , who said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses to include more material relating to minority groups . she wrote on facebook : ‘ invite loads of bme women and non-binary people ! ! also , if you’ve been invited and you’re a man and/or white please don’t come just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a bme women and non-binary event only . ’ non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female . miss mustafa , 27 , added : ‘don’t worry lads we will give you and allies things to do’ , followed by a wink . the event’s online page said it was open to ‘self-defining black and ethnic minority women and non-binary people with gender identities that include “woman” . ’ the ban on men and white students is surprising , since the organisers claim to promote ‘ zero tolerance’ for ‘ all forms of prejudice , discrimination and oppression’ . a senior union member told student newspaper the tab that miss mustafa’s actions had made it ‘ very difficult’ for male students . he said many white men felt they ‘ could not say anything for fear of retribution’ , adding : ‘ for bahar to have the nerve to write this is patronising beyond belief . the irony that she thinks that they are diversifying the student community in the name of feminism and multiculturalism is laughable . ’ the event sparked a fierce backlash on social media , with one user writing : ‘isn’t this racism – and why wasn’t she prosecuted ? ’ another said : ‘ hypocrisy of the left ... when will people see it . ’ organisers later appeared to back down on the rules , with the statement ‘ allies now welcome ! ’ added to the meeting’s facebook page . miss mustafa recently graduated from goldsmiths with an ma in gender and media studies . she is understood to live with her mother nursen , 55 , father ismail , 57 , and sister ipek , 23 , in enfield in a £450,000 three-bedroom terrace . ms mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from attending the meeting in this facebook post . a notice about the meeting later appeared to show the ban had been dropped , stating : ' allies now welcome ! ' a spokesman for goldsmiths said the university had no part in the decisions of the union , adding : ‘ we are proud of our diverse community and do not tolerate any form of oppression , including racism , sexism or any other form of bigotry . ‘ we have written to the students’ union to express our concern . ’ the union said : ‘ goldsmiths students’ union places huge importance on equality and diversity . ‘ it is in this vein that we host spaces where specific minority groups who experience similar discrimination can talk together confidently about overcoming the structural disadvantages and prejudice they face . ‘ the accusation that we discriminate is one we refute wholeheartedly . ’ the daily mail tried to contact miss mustafa but she was not available to explain the comments apparently posted from her facebook account . goldsmiths has insisted the student union is a separate organisation over which it has no control .