at his heaviest he tipped the scales at a mind-boggling 70st . but after losing two thirds of his body wight in just five years paul mason now faces a new challenge - ridding himself of the unsightly rolls of skin he longer needs . the brit , from ipswich , suffolk , managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin . scroll down for video . now : paul mason , pictured in hospital last month when he was treated for an infection in his leg , once tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years . then : at his largest , the former postman would then eat quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner , curries or pizza and more chips in the evening . the 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off . despite his monumental weight-shedding feat , mr mason has been left with a constant reminder of the size he once was - thanks to the excess skin sagging around his arms , legs and stomach . speaking after the nhs turned him down in 2012 the former postman told the mirror : ' the loose skin is having a horrible effect on my life . i ca n't make any more progress if they do n't do these operations . ' mr mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. after plastic surgeon dr jennifer capla , from lenox hill hospital in new york , offered to carry out the procedure free of charge . speaking to the mirror , she said : ' i remember seeing an image of him , wheelchair-bound , he could n't walk . ' to me it was so sad that he had gone through this whole journey and come full circle , and he could n't even do basic things and no-one would help him . ' turned down by nhs : the 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off . preparing for more surgery : mr mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. after plastic surgeon dr jennifer capla , from lenox hill hospital in new york , offered to carry out the procedure for free . road to recovery : mr mason , seen walking in hospital in massachusetts last month , moved to the usa last year to live with his fiance . after an agonising period in which he had to wait for a health visa to be granted , the former world 's fattest man flew to orange , near boston in september to live with his fiance , rebecca mountain . in 2013 mr mason appeared on television to tell the world of his blossoming relationship with ms mountain . 41-year-old miss mountain , who is a slender 8st , asked for his hand in marriage as they appeared live on abc 's the view last year . she first got in touch with mr mason on facebook after she saw a television documentary about his extreme obesity . appearing on uk breakfast television programme in 2013 , in the week they met in person for the first time , she said she ' just felt compelled to reach out and just try to help and that 's all it was . ' ' i have a lot of drive and just thought i could write letters and support , ' she said . ' things i set my sights on , i just go and do . i just knew that i should try and help . ' he 's incredible , a genuine person . incredibly honest and open about the difficulties he 's been through , which helped our relationship . ' former world 's fattest man : at the height of his food addiction , he was eating an entire packet of bacon , four sausages and four eggs complete with bread and hash browns for breakfast . found love : in 2013 mr mason appeared on television to tell the world of his blossoming relationship with rebecca mountain . mr mason 's binge eating began in his 20s at the time of his father 's death and a deterioration in his mother 's health . he quit his job as a postman when his weight stopped him from finishing his rounds . as his weight soared he was left unable to stand or walk before finally becoming bed-ridden and being looked after full time by council carers . firefighters had to demolish the front wall of his former home so they could drive a fork lift truck inside to lift him out and put him into an ambulance when he needed a hernia operation in 2002 . mr mason was later given a purpose-built housing association home with extra wide doorways so he could move around . his care bill cost taxpayers an estimated £100,000 a year and is believed to have topped £1million . at the height of his food addiction , he was eating an entire packet of bacon , four sausages and four eggs complete with bread and hash browns for breakfast . he would then eat quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner , curries or pizza and more chips in the evening . mr mason finally beat the bulge after an nhs operation to fit him with a gastric band , but his life was left on hold as he waited for further surgery to remove the excess skin it left behind . his latest bout of surgery is scheduled to take place on tuesday , and ms capla will be helped by a large team of doctors , including two surgeons from other states . set to marry : paul mason and rebecca mountain , right became engaged after she proposed to him during their interview on the abc show the view last year ( above ) . 