a mother who one day woke up believing she was a teenager after losing 17 years of memory overnight is set to detail her remarkable experience in a new book . in 2008 , naomi jacobs - then aged 32 - woke up terrified of her son , in totally unrecognisable surroundings and thought she was 15 years old . overnight , she had been struck with transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ' episodic ' part of her memory . naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life . the last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on . she thought it was 1992 , john major was prime minister and she was about to sit her gcses . mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the internet a mystery - and her 10-year-old son was a stranger . but miss jacobs told the bbc it was when her son bounded up to her yelling ' mum ' that she succumbed to ' total shock ' . she said : ' everything from fear to joy from seeing this child that i did n't have any memory of giving birth to , but knew undoubtedly that he was mine because he looked so much like me , to terror of having the responsibility of this small child . ' i was convinced that i was going to fall asleep again that night and wake up in 1992 . it was n't real to me what was happening . ' miss jacobs pictured as a 15-year-old - the age she believed she was when she woke up one morning when struck by amnesia in her early 30s . miss jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress . it affects five in 100,000 people in britain , rising to 23 in 100,000 in the over 50s . before her attack , miss jacobs , of manchester , was worrying about a homeopathy business she ran . she was studying for a psychology degree and had her final exams approaching , and had recently split up with the father of her child . the condition caused the ' episodic ' part of her memory to shut down , meaning she had lost all her emotional memories . but her semantic memory was still intact , meaning she could remember things she had repeated over time such as how to drive and phone numbers she had regularly dialled . miss jacobs has previously described lying awake at night and crying as she desperately tried to make sense of her life and longed to be back at school . she is now set to detail how she began to understand who she was in a new book , titled forgotten girl . the book reveals how she went about piecing her life back together using her personal diaries and those close to her . there is no specific treatment for transient global amnesia other than support and reassurance from family and loved ones . fortunately , miss jacobs had this support , and after eight weeks her memory began to return to normal . transient global amnesia ( tga ) is a type of amnesia involving the sudden , temporary disturbance in an otherwise healthy person 's memory . the leading hypotheses are some form of epileptic event , a problem with blood circulation around , to or from the brain , or some kind of migraine-like phenomenon . tga attacks are associated with some form of precipitating event in at least one-third of cases . in females , this event is more often of a strong emotional character ; in males , it is more often related to some physical exertion . the most commonly cited precipitating events include sexual intercourse , swimming in cold water or enduring other temperature changes , and emotionally traumatic or stressful events . tga is most common in people between age 56 and 75 , with the average age of a person experiencing tga being approximately 62 . 