she shot to fame as the pretty blonde on prince harry 's arm , but cressida bonas is keen to make a name for herself away from the royal limelight . the fledgling actress and dancer has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador - and shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the british fashion giant . the 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in clerkenwell , london , wearing pieces from the somerset-based brand 's spring/summer 2015 collection . cressida bonas , who found fame as prince harry 's girlfriend , has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador and showcases the luxury fashion house 's designs and accessories in a new shoot . shot by robert fairer , cressida , an accomplished dancer , shows off her moves as she pulls some poses whilst modelling the new range . the shoot follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house . it features miss bonas , the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary-gaye curzon and entrepreneur jeffrey bonas , dancing round an old court house and english country garden in a £1,800 dress . asked in the video if it was ‘nice’ being single , she replied : ‘ it is actually , it is , it is’ . the sloaney blonde dated prince harry for two years until last april when they broke up . since then , the budding star has been focussing on her acting and modelling career . miss bonas , the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary-gaye curzon and entrepreneur jeffrey bonas , shows off the british fashion giant 's graphic summer dresses and iconic handbags in the shoot . mulberry magnolia dress . look pretty in dusky pink like cressida . visit site . cressida bonas really is one of those lithe elegant dancer types we want to hate for being so damn beautiful but we just ca n't ! once known for being prince harry 's better half , the blonde beauty has now made a name for herself as a dancer and model , so it 's no wonder she 's bee snapped up by quintessentially british fashion house , mulberry . we love this sprightly spring-ready shoot for their ss15 collection , which is brimming with flirty frocks in pastel hues , but our fave has got to be this blushing pink dress here . check out that luxurious suede feel , laser-cut detail and flattering fit and flare cut . even if it was n't for all that exquisite detail , it 's been donned by cressida , so we predict it 'll be flying off the shelves ! so why not invest in a slice of timeless british style and snap up this frock now ( right ) ? or take a peek at our fave picks from the high street below . this missguided dress is so cressida right now , we almost want to start pirouetting and skipping in an abandoned house too . almost . missguided drop hem peach shift dress . visit site . eliza j jacquard tulip skirt dress at zappos . visit site . tahari by asl petite ivan dress at zappos . visit site . lauren ralph lauren flared dress at macy 's . visit site . cressida , an accomplished dancer , shows off her moves as she pulls some poses in the romantic shoot . proving she 's a woman of many talents , later this year , cressida will make her film debut in harvey weinstein 's tulip fever alongside cara delevingne and dame judi dench . she has just finished playing cecily in the importance of being ernest at the london oratory , the catholic comprehensive which counts nick clegg’s son as a pupil . prince harry even attended the opening night of his former girlfriend’s play , and was heard laughing loudly throughout . last month , well-connected cressida also appeared on the front cover of miss vogue magazine , and later this year will make her film debut in harvey weinstein’s tulip fever , also starring her good friend , cara delevingne , as well as dame judi dench . cressida recently played cecily in the importance of being ernest at the london oratory , where she was watched by ex-boyfriend , prince harry . as well as starring on the cover of miss vogue , cressida has attended mulberry 's glamorous parties and events over the last few months . ‘ i hope the focus is becoming more about skills that i have , ’ she said in the interview with the sunday time’s style magazine . ‘it’s really important to me not just to be known as…’ she added , drifting off without finishing the sentence , presumably referring to being known as prince harry’s ex . she refused to discuss her relationship with the prince , only to comment on the media attention their romance prompted . ‘ all that stuff is not real , ’ she says . ‘it’s really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ’ miss bonas dated prince harry for two years until last april when they broke up ( pictured together when they were dating in march 2014 at the six nations ) . cressida pictured , left , at the weinstein company and netflix 's 2015 golden globes after party in january this year and , right , in 2011 at the ralph lauren wimbledon party .  