stars of women 's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart on monday . defending champion maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament . the ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the porsche arena accompanied by a group of school children . ana ivanovic ( l-r ) , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber , caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova strike a pose . ivanovic speaks to wozniacki ( right ) during the opening ceremony of the porsche grand prix tennis event . the women 's tennis stars wave to the crowd ahead of their games at the clay court tournament in stuttgart . world no 1 serena williams was the the highest profile absentee , admitting she was not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat sara errani as the usa crashed out of the fed cup to italy last week . ' i 'm totally not as ready for the claycourt season as i thought i was . now i 'm in the mindset of , ' you know what , i 'm not on hard court . ' i 'm playing like i 'm on hard court and i 'm not , ' said williams afterwards . ' so i have to play and be ready to hit a thousand shots if necessary . ' meanwhile , the stuttgart event could decide who is ranked second in the world with simona halep close to overtaking sharapova in the wta list . the russian needs to reach the semi finals at least to retain her current ranking while halep will move up a spot if she can better the no 1 seed 's progress . ivanovic is escorted by a young mascot onto the court at the porsche arena . sharapova ( right ) is top seed at the event she has won for the last three consecutive years . local favourite lisicki waves to the crowd as she takes the court with a young germany fan . wozniacki speaks to the media before getting her singles campaign underway . however , sharapova , who has won the stuttgart tournament for the last three years , is confident of hold on to her ranking . ' despite everything , it 's always a nice feeling to come back to an event where you 've had a really good record . where you 've had some great matches , great memories , ' sharapova told the wta website . ' some of the best matches of my career have been played on that court . but every year you come back to a tournament you start from the very beginning , and that 's what i 'll be doing this year to try and defend my title . ' veterans andre agassi ( left ) and thomas muster staged an exhibition match before the tournament started .