a cyclist who was killed in an accident with a lorry in london has been named as a former design chief of the victoria and albert museum . moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace where she had begun a new role at the royal collection trust , when she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster . the leading art and design figure , who had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at windsor castle , was the fifth cyclist killed on london 's road this year . moira gemmill , 55 , was killed by a tipper lorry while cycling to work near lambeth bridge yesterday morning . she had recently left her position as director of design at the v & a , where she led the planning and implementation of futureplan , an on-going restoration and redesign programme of its galleries . ms gemmill , a fellow of the royal society of arts , spent more than 10 years at the museum before taking up her new position as director of capital programmes at the royal collection trust . her devastated brother andrew , 59 , speaking from the family home in scotland , today told the evening standard : ' she was a wonderful , inspirational woman . ' she was absolutely extraordinary but in a very modest way . she lived a modest life . she was very excited about her new post , we all were . ' the accident happened at the junction of millbank and horseferry road shortly after 9.30am on thursday . her brother andrew gemmill described his sister as an ' extraordinary ' woman who lived a ' modest life ' . martin roth , current director of the v & a , paid tribute to his former colleague , stating she had made a ' remarkable contribution ' in her 13-years at the museum . he said : ' we are devastated to hear of the tragic death of our much-loved and respected colleague of many years , moira gemmill . ' during her 13-year career at the v & a she made an extraordinary impact in transforming the museum’s galleries and facilities with the futureplan programme of restoration , refurbishment and redesign . ' major projects included the medieval & renaissance galleries and most recently the weston cast court . ' i can not overstate moira’s remarkable contribution in making the v & a the global leader in museum design that it is today . she will be greatly missed and our thoughts are with her family at this very sad time . ' ms gemmill , who lived in kennington , south london , had been a judge for the architectural review 's ( ar ) women in architecture awards since their launch in 2011 and an avid supporter of the campaign . ar editor christine murray said : ' she believed in the importance of creating a more equal profession . the profession has lost one of its great patrons and champions . ' having grown up in a farming family in kintyre in scotland , ms gemmill studied graphic design and photography at the glasgow school of art . later , she worked for aberdeen art gallery and in 2011 was made an honorary fellow of the royal institute of british architects . she had recently left her position as director of design at the v & a ( pictured ) , where she led the planning and implementation of futureplan , an on-going restoration and redesign programme of its galleries . the v & a today posted on twitter : ' devastated to hear of the tragic death of moira gemmill who transformed the v & a during 13yrs as director of design . she 'll be greatly missed . ' clare hughes , a creative producer and filmmaker , replied : ' huge sympathies - moira was an inspirational to us all and her legacy will be treasured the world over . ' police were called to the junction of millbank and horseferry road shortly after 9.30am yesterday morning and ms gemmill was pronounced dead half an hour later . the 40-year-old driver of the tipper lorry stopped at the scene but was not arrested . a post-mortem examination will be held in due course , police said .