kitchens sell houses . they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘ debrief of the day’ meeting room . so what makes a great kitchen ? it’s a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency . after judging the kitchens on the block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . activity based design : the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g . food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc . with storage for those activities within those zones . these areas need to be easily accessible to each other and flow well ( e.g . food preparation near the cooking area etc . ) . there’s no use in a pretty kitchen when your preparation area is on the opposite end of the kitchen from your stovetop . bench space : this is one of the most common bugbears when buyers are looking at kitchens . enough bench/counter space is crucial not only for food preparation but also for serving when entertaining . scroll down for video . there was plenty of bench space in dea and darren’s kitchen on the block . storage space : plenty of storage space is essential and you need to find a good balance between design aesthetics and practicality . take into account what’s most important for you in terms of storage , as i recommended a walk-in pantry vs a butler’s pantry , consider whether having extra space for preparation and a large area to hide your appliances is paramount to you or whether a larger area for food storage is more vital . judge neale whitaker said dea and darren 's kitchen ' did n't have their usual the flare , confidence or pizzazz ' . sufficient lighting : as the buyer’s advocate jury discussed when viewing josh and charlotte’s kitchen , it’s not an area of the home that you can get away with the ‘ bare bones’ when it comes to lighting . for the purpose of safety in food preparation and cooking , good lighting is paramount . specifically in the preparation , cooking and cleaning areas , it’s essential to have good quality lighting . josh and charlotte’s kitchen lacked lighting above the benchtop according to frank valentic . splash backs : in the cooking and cleaning zones of the kitchen , splashbacks are important and while design is also important , it shouldn’t be at the expense of practicality . try and find a good medium between something that looks great but is also low maintenance and easy to clean ! the judges were shocked that josh and charlotte 's had overlooked lighting over the bench top given charlotte 's food styling background . ventilation : akin to the bathroom , the kitchen requires great ventilation so ensure you have a good quality range hood and windows that can be opened . valentic says there was ' great ventilation ' in tim and anastasia’s kitchen . tim and anastasia had a range of issues this week with their kitchen , mainly due to it not being their original design , the couple were shocked with the largely positive feedback from the judges . flow on : the overall design of your home really needs to come into play when designing a kitchen . the flow between the living areas , specifically dining areas and the kitchen are important . as we mentioned when judging jess and ayden’s and tim and anastasia’s kitchens , a kitchen with a flow on to an outdoor entertaining area is very much in demand at the moment and a huge plus for buyers . jess and ayden’s kitchen had a ' great flow ' on from the living and dining areas . ayden and jess were able to edge ahead of their rival teams to pull off their second room reveal win and add $ 10,000 to their kitty . valentic 's example of a kitchen at 12 kyarra street in hampton that would attract buyers ' attention . frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . in the end , dea and darren’s kitchen for the buyer’s advocate judges showed the best balance between design and a practical layout . while a kitchen is a very personal area of the home , make sure to take into account re-sale when renovating so that it doesn’t affect the value of your property when you re-sell it . however , if the block : triple threat judges were the buyers this week , they would have walked away from each of the team 's apartments without placing an offer . judging trio shaynna blaze , neale whitaker and darren palmer were all left largely unimpressed by the kitchens delivered by the blockheads on last sunday night 's episode . the lacklustre performance , in the eye of the judges , meant that ayden and jess were able to edge ahead of their rival teams to pull off their second room reveal win of the series and add $ 10,000 to their kitty . the judges were shocked that josh and charlotte 's had overlooked lighting over the bench top given charlotte 's food styling background . tim and anastasia had a range of issues this week with their kitchen , mainly due to it not being their original design , the couple were shocked with the largely positive feedback from the judges . meanwhile , whitaker said dea and darren 's kitchen ' did n't have their usual the flare , confidence or pizzazz ' . the living area , dining room , and kitchen flow onto the outdoor entertaining space .