you probably won’t realise they are coming until it’s too late . tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight . working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene . tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight . the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . a ‘ autonomous multi-robot system for vehicle extraction and transportation’ ( avert ) computer first selects a vehicle to be moved after cameras have mapping the area in detail . the avert system then works by sending a deployment unit to scan the area again and identify new potential obstacles . once this has been done , bogies deploy from the depolyment unit and are tracked to a target vehicle , where they dock onto the wheels and lift the car . the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . these bogies are fitted with on-board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera . the sensors help the avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention , while avoiding obstacles . while the system may seem creepy , it could have important applications for bomb disposal teams . researchers envisage the system being used by the police to remove suspicious vehicles , potentially rigged with explosives , from within buildings . ‘ current methods of bomb disruption and neutralisation are hindered in the event that the device is shielded , blocked or for whatever reason can not be accessed for examination , ’ the researcher wrote on their site . intel ceo brian krzanich revealed a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders . intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist . at the chip giant 's developers forum in china , intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel . ' the intel curie module is a tiny hardware product based on the intel quark se system chip , which is the company 's first purpose-built system on a chip for wearable devices , ' the firm said . it contains bluetooth low-energy radio , sensors and battery charging technologies . krzanich said that there 's a dedicated sensor hub processor and pattern classification engine that allows it , for example , to identify different sporting activities quickly and precisely . ‘ avert can provide an autonomous capability to remove blocking vehicles which is not currently available . ’ other uses could include removing cars parked in a tight spot or helping vehicles move within a car park without a driver . the team has been working on the technology since 2012 and believes a production model could be ready by next year . they will be showcasing the system at the upcoming international conference on robotics and automation ( icra2015 ) on may 26th to 30th in seattle . working together , these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target . the team has been working on the technology since 2012 and says a production model could be ready in 2016 .