a husband was left so traumatised by his wife 's botched surgery that he was awarded thousands of pounds in compensation for nervous shock , despite his wife already being given a hefty payout . in a case which could have huge financial consequences for the nhs , julie ronayne was awarded £160,000 after she was left ' looking like michelin man ' following the bungled hysterectomy in 2008 . her husband edward , who lives with mrs ronayne in netherley , liverpool , was awarded £9,000 due to the nervous shock he suffered when he saw his wife 's appearance . edward ronayne was given £9,000 in compensation after he claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up ' like michelin man ' after botched surgery at liverpool women 's hospital ( pictured ) . the severe swelling had been caused by a dangerous infection known as peritonitis , which the woman had contracted during the surgery at liverpool women 's hospital . the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation . the test case , being heard at london 's appeal court , could set a significant precedent about who is able to claim for shock or distress following an nhs mishap . mr ronayne was awarded the damages from liverpool women’s nhs foundation trust in july 2013 . liverpool county court heard how he had been a ' secondary victim ' of the incident and had suffered psychiatric injury caused by the shock of seeing his wife 's new appearance . he had described her ' colloquially as looking like a michelin man ' , the court heard . mr ronayne also described his wife 's first two days in hospital as ' the worst days of my entire life ' . he said he had been ' brought up not to complain ' but had never fully recovered from the sight . he added that he had been left feeling tearful , overwhelmed , angry and powerless . the judge , who described him as ' an honest and reliable witness ' , said : ' his symptoms ... were pathological and went beyond simply the distress and anger that a man would suffer due to the near terminal illness of his wife . ' but in the appeal court today , charles cory-wright qc , who represents the health trust , told the judges that nervous shock victims are normally only awarded compensation if it can be proved that they have been left with psychiatric injury . he said mr ronayne 's win had moved the goalposts drastically and could lead to a flood of similar claims , costing the cash-strapped nhs millions in compensation . the barrister argued that mr ronayne would not have suffered a sufficient level of shock to qualify for compensation . he added that he was visiting his wife in hospital and therefore would have expected her to look unwell . he told the court : ' hospitals on a day-to-day basis deal with people who are ill or vulnerable . they go there followed by their loved ones . it is unfortunately a matter of day-to-day occurrence that great emotional responses will take place in a hospital . the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation if mr ronayne is allowed to keep the money . the test case is being heard at the appeal court . ' the question arises more and more often in cases like this as to whether those relatives have a claim . ' stressing the importance of the appeal , he told the judges : ' this appeal is not just about this case , but the concerns nhs trusts have about claims being brought on a secondary basis where clinical negligence has taken place . peritonitis is caused by inflammation of the peritoneum , the thin layer of tissue that lines the inside of the stomach . it is caused by a bacterial or fungal infection , which can rapidly spread around the body . peritonitis requires immediate treatment and is a medical emergency . most cases of peritonitis are the result of infection or injury to another part of the body , such as a split stomach ulcer , a burst appendix or digestive disorders . peritonitis can be fatal and needs to be treated quickly to avoid such complications . source : nhs . ' the effect of this judgement , if it stands , is to alter the effect of the law in secondary victim cases , as the award was made absent any evidential basis that the secondary victim suffered any psychiatric injury as a result of shock . ' often emotional illness follows , but there is not the necessary element of shock . there needs to be a suddenly shocking event which , because of its shocking nature , causes that psychiatric illness . that is often lost in the wash in these cases . ' but lord justice sullivan said the incident had no doubt been ' shocking ' . ' simply going into hospital and seeing one 's loved ones and family looking peaky is not enough , ' he said . ' but to see one 's wife looking like the michelin man is shocking . ' mr cory-wright then replied : ' if you saw your loved one looking like the michelin man , swollen and all that , it would be shocking in an ordinary sense . ' but it would not be shocking in the sense of being suddenly overwhelmed so as to lead to psychiatric injury . ' the judges recognised the importance of the case by reserving their decision on the trust 's appeal until a later date . the case was heard in front of lord justice sullivan , lord justice tomlinson and lord justice beatson . mrs ronayne went on to make a good recovery . 