britain 's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new conservative peer , who will appointed as minister for consumer protection if the party wins the election . dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving . dr ros altmann , pictured with david cameron at melbicks , a wyevale garden centre in birmingham , will today be announced as a new conservative peer . dr altmann will oversee the government’s pension reforms , which have allowed people to cash in retirement funds rather than being forced into buying often poor-value annuities . she will also steer through reforms designed to make it easier for customers to move to another bank , by allowing customers to take their account number with them . ‘ for too many years , consumer rights have played second fiddle to the interests of large financial firms , but the new pension freedoms show that the conservatives have put the interests of british savers first , ’ dr altmann said . ‘ i passionately believe the new pension reforms , trusting people with their own money , are an essential step to helping everyone make the most of their hard-earned savings . ' david cameron and george osborne have proved to me that they want to help the many , not just the few at the top , by giving the same freedoms to everyone as were already enjoyed by the wealthiest . ‘ in doing so , they took on the large companies who had too often taken advantage of their customers and have paved the way for a new environment for long-term savings . the conservatives have created the opportunity for working families to save more if and when they can , knowing they will be allowed to use the money as best suits their circumstances . dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . ‘ that is right , but of course it will also require a change of mindset from providers and potentially further action from government to protect consumers . it will be my job to try to ensure customers get a better deal and i am delighted to be offered the chance to do so . ‘ charge caps , impartial financial guidance , help with financial planning , financial education at all ages , and more competition for savers’ money will all help and it will be great to have the opportunity to play a direct role in looking after the public . ’ the prime minister said : ‘ what we’re doing is taking the country’s leading expert on pensions , on savings , on financial education , ros altmann , and saying that if we’re re-elected , she’ll be at the heart of government , making sure we complete this great revolution where we’re giving people much more power to save , to access their pension , to pass their pension on to their children , because we want to create a real savings culture in our country for everybody . ' not for the rich at the top , but for everybody who saves or has a pension . ' ‘ this will be good for everybody . we’ve got millions more people saving for a pension because of auto-enrolment - having an automatic pension in your workplace - so there are many more people saving . ' there are also great new products like the flexible isa , a real encouragement for savings with the single tier pension , and now at the heart of government , if we’re elected , ros altmann - the country’s leading pensions , savings , and financial education expert to make sure that we make the most of this great revolution in favour of savings and financial security for many in our country . ’ 