a company has copped a spray after making the ' tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot , louie the fly , along with ' # putyourdressout ' , which was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott . the post was accompanied by the caption : ' even a nasty bug like me can sense it 's been a sad week for our great country.i 'm putting my vest out to support ‪ # ‎putyourdressout‬ . enjoy this sunday with your family . it 's precious . ' mortein has copped a spray after making the ' tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . ' there 's a time and a place for everything , and mortein had no place in posting an ad tying into stephanie scott , ' one user tweeted . ' tasteless decision by the social marketing team , ' another said . another post said the post was a ' rubbish ' effort to use ' a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social relevance ' and the brand is ' jumping on a bandwagon ' . a spokeswoman for mortein told daily mail australia the post has since been removed , and apologised for any offence caused . ' a majority of our audience responded favorably but in hindsight it is not a conversation we should have engaged in . we have removed the post , ' the spokeswoman said . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . another post said the post was a ' rubbish ' effort to use ' a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social relevance ' and the brand is ' jumping on a bandwagon ' . the post has been ' liked ' almost 700 times , and been shared a further 100 times . however , comments on the original facebook post appeared to be mostly in support of the picture . it has been ' liked ' almost 700 times , and been shared a further 100 times . ' that 's sweet of you louie , you 're a good fly , ' one person commented . police discovered the body of a female at a national park on friday . it is believed it is murdered school teacher stephanie scott . ms scott was due to marry her partner aaron leeson-woolley on saturday . the account also has a track record of associating itself with trends , including the recent death of cricketing icon richie benaud . it has also posted cartoons linked with australia 's cricket world cup victory , the release of apple 's iwatch , netflix 's australian launch , and mardi gras celebrations in sydney .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .