the good samaritan who pulled a driver from an suv hanging dangerously on the edge of a cliff spoke out for the first time on thursday to describe the rescue that was captured in a heart-stopping photo . jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety . warnock chatted with sitko for a few minutes , but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work . scroll down for videos . good samaritan : jason warnock , 29 , came forward thursday and identified himself as the mystery man who rescued a driver in distress wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho . in peril : warnock was driving wednesday morning when he noticed debris in the road and looked up to see this car hanging dangerously off the side of a cliff . quick thinking : he then pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out of the vehicle - saving the young man from a more terrible fate . mystery : since he did n't tell police his name , warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the picture of the amazing rescue went viral online . since he did n't stop to give police his name , warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online . warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for . the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston , at a drop called bryden canyon , shortly after sitko had dropped off his younger siblings at school . ' he was listening to a song on the radio , and some lyrics in the song convinced him that it was essentially his time to die . he just closed his eyes , took his hands off the wheel , and pressed the accelerator , ' lewiston interim police chief roger lanier said . sitko drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with sitko still behind the wheel , police told the lewiston tribune . it was me : warnock came forward the next day to identify himself and describe the heart-stopping rescue . overcome with emotion : police say sitko had just dropped off his younger siblings at school when a song came on in the vehicle and it ' convinced him that it was essentially his time to die , ' according to police . so close : the chain link fence was the only thing keeping sitko 's suv from rolling off the side of the cliff . police previously said the incident was triggered when sitko had ' some sort of mental or emotional episode ' and he only suffered minor injuries . soon after the crash , warnock noticed the car and ran to sitko 's aide . ' i knew i had to get him out of the car , ' warnock told nbc , adding that the vehicle was shaking with every movement sitko made . ' i was going to break the window with one of my tools , but i was worried that the impact might push the car over the ledge , ' warnock said . a disoriented sitko started talking about his ipod , and that 's when warnock took action and focused the driver , telling him he was going to pull him out the passenger-side door . ' i was like , `` give me your hand , you know , because if this thing goes i want to have a hold of you so i can yank you , '' ' warnock said . after getting sitko out of the vehicle safe and sound the two sat down on the nearby grass and talked for a few minutes to calm the driver down . as they were talking , warnock says sitko told him that he had started reading the bible the night before . ' i was like that 's awesome , that 's great news . i think maybe god put me here at the right time and he held you up here for sure - maybe it 's meant to bring you closer to him , ' warnock said . driver : mathew sitko , 23 ( pictured ) only suffered minor injuries and is recovering . thankful : he wrote on his facebook page on wednesday that he feels ' blessed ' for how his ordeal ended . scene : sitko crashed while driving along the winding road before crashing through the property and dangling over the edge of the drop . warnock managed to reach him by climbing the pedestrian bridge , pictured . warnock says he did n't give his name to police because he did n't need thanks for the act . however , he decided to come forward after the photo went viral . ' i do n't want recognition but i know there ' no getting away from it until i talk to someone , ' warnock told khq . ' we made it . he 's alright . and that 's all that matters to me , ' warnock added . not long after the crash sitko posted to his facebook page that he felt blessed . ' good morning everyone ! i am truly blessed by god today ! ! thank you god & jesus for taking care of me ! ! i love you ! ' he wrote on his facebook . sitko lists his job as working for moscow and lewiston landscaping . 