a vietnam war veteran has been suffering from songs being stuck in his head for weeks at a time in a condition that doctors think may be linked to his service . gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may , setting off nearly twelve months of doctors his mind shuffling between tunes that are stuck on repeat . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . minneapolis va medical center neurologist dr khalaf alla bushara and researcher roger dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm , though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry . scroll down for video . gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul minnesota , has sought medical help after twinkle twinkle little star first became stuck in his head last may . sounds including police sirens are stuck in his head for around a month . ' these men and women who served , their service still influences their lives even years later , ' dr bushara told kare11 . the doctor said that the hallucinations occur in those in hearing loss , when the brain compensates for a lack of stimulation by making its own sounds . dumas , who used to make drum machines and synthesizers for janet jackson and prince before he got into science , said that music hallucinations are different from how a normal person has a song stuck in their head . he told daily mail online that patients such as manderson experience their hallucinations as sound , rather than have the consciousness that it is only stuck in their head . manderson will often be listening to the same song for a month before something new appears , though some , like the bugle call , never leave . he thinks that his mind made up the sound , which no one else can put a name to , though he likes it better than other sounds such as the police sirens that circled around his brain for a week . roger dumas , a cognitive science researcher who used to make synthesizers for prince , helped manderson identify the song in his head and says the tune is unique because it is self-composed . dr khalaf alla bushara ( left ) of the minneapolis va medical center ( right ) is trying to help cure manderson by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that he will tune it out . dumas said that music hallucinations are most often songs that everyone else knows such as ' twinkle twinkle ' , making manderson 's self-composed song fairly novel . the call was particularly frustrating when he first brought it to the attention of doctors , as he did not know what it was . he originally described it as some sort of brass instrument , and was only able to narrow it down with dumas 's knowledge of synthesizers and knack for creating sounds described by others such as musical artists . ' i 'm getting used to it , but i do n't like it , ' manderson said of the condition . dr bushara is trying to help him rid himself of the current bugle call by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that his patient will tune it out . musical hallucinations are most common in older people and often bring back melodies heard during youth . manderson 's father was a jazz saxophonist , according to twincities.com .