roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game after supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend . the banner , displayed during roma 's 1-0 defeat of napoli on saturday , caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year . a serie a disciplinary tribunal stated the banners were ' by their content provocatively insulting to the mother of a supporter of the opposing team , who died in dramatic circumstances ' . roma players celebrate their 1-0 victory over napoli , but the club have been punished for an offensive banner . roma fans display banners during the game , although a banner ( not shown ) taunting the mother of a napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year caused outcry . roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match with atalanta on april 19 . the taunts were aimed at antonella leardi whose son ciro esposito died after being shot during violent clashes that followed last year 's coppa italia final in rome . although napoli defeated fiorentina 3-1 in the final , but the incident involved clashes with roma supporters - encouraging leardi to start a campaign against football violence . roma 's stadio olimpico stadium will be part closed for game against atalanta on april 19 . a young napoli fan died after clashes between supporters following last year 's coppa italia final . napoli defeated fiorentina in the 2014 coppa final , but roma fans were involved in clashes after the game . club president james pallotta has condemned the club 's fans in a statement on their official website : ' as has been expressed repeatedly , as roma considers any events that lead to the loss of life at a football match to be a defeat for civil society as a whole , regardless of affiliations to clubs or fan groups . ' the enormous pain that follows such events deserves maximum , unconditional respect from all and necessitates that all parties -- fans , clubs and law enforcement agencies -- strive to ensure that such pain is not renewed , not even verbally , in the stands of a stadium . ' the mother , leardi , told the ansa news agency : ' may god change the hearts of those people who wrote those banners . ' i watched the game on tv and i was hurt by those words . it pains to hear such horrible things said about a son who has been lost . '  