santiago vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at sunderland after revealing premier league survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract . the 26-year-old argentinian returned to the stadium of light on a season-long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year and has made 35 appearances to date this season . the last of them was a start in sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle which provided a huge boost to the club 's top-flight survival hopes . santiago vergini ( left ) is keen to stay at sunderland having played a key role in the wearside outfit 's 1-0 derby win over newcastle united on sunday . above , the sunderland defender battles with ayoze perez for the ball . vergini celebrates with team-mate costel pantilimon at the full-time whistle following the wear-tyne derby win . a successful completion of new head coach dick advocaat 's mission to keep the black cats in the premier league could have significant consequences for vergini , and he is open to what might come his way . he told the sunderland echo : ' in the contract , it is written that if we stay in the premier league , i can stay here for another two years . i feel very comfortable here , both at the club and outside the club , so i would be very keen to stay . ' the only downside is the climate and the weather , but even that has been good for the last few days ! ' it has been very good to play regularly [ this season ] and i am very happy . i think with time , i have been able to adapt more to the style of play and also to my team-mates . vergini helped sunderland keep a clean sheet in the derby win as he makes a slide tackle on perez . sunderland initially signed vergini on loan in january 2014 , with the defender making his debut in an fa cup fourth round clash with kidderminster where he makes an attempt to tackle jack bryne . ' apart from the struggles we are going through in the league , i have felt very comfortable . ' victory over the magpies - their first in nine games in all competitions - eased sunderland into 15th place and three points clear of the relegation zone . however , that could count for little if advocaat 's men fail to build upon it when crystal palace head north on saturday . vergini said : ' every win brings with it a lot of confidence and with a derby game , that is even more the case . in our next game , we need to show the same character and the same spirit as we did on sunday . ' 