eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson , after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in oklahoma . authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ' boiled to death ' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park , news ok reports . the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment schreibvogel used to record his independently produced television show , joeexotic tv . alligators : at least one of michael jackson 's alligators ( photographed ) from his neverland ranch died ina fire at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma . escaped : eight animals died in the fire that destroyed two reptiles enclosures and one alligator reportedly escaped . ' this was personal , ' he told news ok. ' they targeted the studio to shut me up . they wanted to get me off the air ... or else they would’ve targeted something else [ in the park ] . ' in addition to destroying the two reptile enclosures , the fire also destroyed a video production studio . garvin county sheriff larry rhodes told kjrh that the fire was arson and most likely an attempt to cover up a burglary or theft . only one alligator escaped the blaze . kjrh reports that one alligator that reportedly belonged to the self-proclaimed king of pop suffered severe smoke inhalation but is in recovery . destroyed : not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment joe schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , used to record his independently produced television show , joeexotic tv . arson : officials say an arson investigator has not officially declared the incident a case of arson , but has ruled out other likely causes like electrical issues and lightning from recent storms in the area . all times : schreibvogel said that , despite the fire , the park will remain open but armed security guards will be on duty at all times . schreibvogel told news ok he is often targeted by animal rights groups and extremists , calling them ' animal terroristst . ' he said it is an ' ongoing pattern , ' noting that he has received threats before . ' it is more of disgust , ' he told kjrh of his feelings toward the incident . ' if somebody has an issue with the zoo or an issue with me personally then take it up with me . ' these animals did n't deserved to be burned to death . ' rhodes told news ok that an arson investigator has not officially declared the incident a case of arson , but has ruled out other likely causes like electrical issues and lightning from recent storms in the area . king of pop : after the worldwide mega-star died in 2009 , the animals that made up his massive menagerie were spread across the u.s. to animals preserves , sanctuaries , and animal enthusiasts . no one has been arrested or charged in the case . schreibvogel , who reportedly filed for bankruptcy in 2013 , said repairs will cost $ 250,000 . after the worldwide mega-star died in 2009 , the animals that made up his massive menagerie were spread across the u.s. to animals preserves , sanctuaries , and animal enthusiasts . jackson 's alligators were taken to the park along with his albino python named madonna , the telegraph reports . ' the building can be replaced , ' schreibvogel told kxii , ' the equipment can be replaced , but michael jackson 's alligators can not be replaced . ' schreibvogel said that , despite the fire , the park will remain open but armed security guards will be on duty at all times . 