brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon , previewing the showdown with arsenal on saturday and discussing the future of raheem sterling . the young england star has moved a step closer to an anfield exit after revealing in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield . sterling , 20 , has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ' flattered ' by interest from arsenal . follow the press conference as it happens from 2pm . host commentator . and with that , brendan rodgers has brought to a close the broadcast section of his press conference . the rest of his quotes will now be embargoed until tonight . in summary , then , rodgers has insisted that raheem sterling will not be going anywhere this summer and that focus for the moment is purely on his football . the manager said he was ' relaxed ' about his contract situation and that liverpool are a ' superpower ' of world football and do n't have to sell their best players . he did admit , however , that sterling 's interview was conducted without the prior consent of the club and ' took them by surprise . ' ' the concentration a few weeks back was to purely focus on his football , and help him continue with his development at the place he’s made great strides over last couple of years . ' the last time we sat down with plays and representatives that was the intention . ' raheem has come out and made his feelings clear on that , and hopefully continue to focus on his football until the end of the season . ' what he said absolutely underpins everything we’re trying to achieve here . raheem says it’s his ambition is to win trophies , and that’s perfectly aligned with what we’re trying to do . ' this is liverpool one of the great clubs of football world . ' it is an honour for him to play at a club like liverpool and he understands that . ' what he’s saying is that he’s got two and a half years left , he’s quite relaxed as i am , he just wants to concentrate on football . ' i 'm quite relaxed on it . it 's part of modern game . people who look after players have different ways of working . the focus is purely on the football . he has been involved with the first team for two and half years and player he is today is because of environment and what we’ve created . ' he 's got a lot of improvement to do and this is the best place for him to do it . ' he 's not going anywhere in the summer . the focus on trying to make him the best player we can . does money talk ? ' this club has shown that’s not the case . liverpool is one of the superpowers of football and the owners have made it clear and we’ve seen it before that money doesn’t come into it . if the club doesn’t want to sell it won’t sell . that’s that case with any player , raheem or anybody else . 'it’s about continuing to nurture a young player so he can be consistently playing at the top if his game . ' for raheem it’s purely about the football and he’s made it clear that he’s happy here . trying to put off all the talk . he’s a boy who loves his football . he understands and respects the opportunity that he’s had . ' still has two and a bit years left of his deal so it’s not something we’ve overly concerned about . hopefully we’ll get it sorted out . on the interview ... ' there was no permission by the club , it was something that surprised us all . he’s a young player who has to learn and sometimes they makes mistakes . our relationship is strong . he will learn as time goes on . we all make mistakes , especially when you’re young . ' moving back onto the subject of saturday 's match with arsenal , rodgers says he is targeting ' at least a point ' from the trip to the emirates . ' we go into the game happy to play our game . ' he adds : ' we need to keep the ball better , we need to be technically better . ' rodgers has confirmed that sterling did not have permission from the club to do the bbc interview . ' it surprised us all , ' he admits . ' he will learn we all make mistakes in life , especially when you are young . ' then swiftly back to the burning issue : ' liverpool is one of the superpowers of football . the money does n't come into it . if the club does n't want to sell , it does n't sell . money has never been the objective . ' for raheem , it 's purely about the football . what the kid is trying to do is put off talk about him being all about money . ' the conversation moves on from sterling to saturday 's match with arsenal . liverpool have no new injury worries , with jordan henderson back in the squad and lucas available to start . reflecting on the damaging 2-1 loss to manchester united before the international break , which left liverpool five points behind their rivals , rodgers says : obviously it was a disappointing result . we have to make sure we perform [ against arsenal ] . ' on the contract talks : ' he has two and a half years left on his deal , he 's going nowhere in the summer ' . on sterling being linked with arsenal , rodgers says : ' arsenal is a great club , but this is liverpool . ' i 'm quite relaxed on it . it 's part of the modern game . raheem still has a lot of improvements to make . this is great place for him . ' and the subject is raised straight away , with rodgers saying : ' the focus is purely on his football . that 's my only concentration . he is at a place where he 's made giant strides over the last few years . ' raheem 's ambition is to win trophies and that 's perfectly aligned with what we 're trying to do . this is one of the great clubs . ' brendan rodgers has just arrived to begin his press briefing ... laurie whitwell : a sign of raheem sterling’s tender years can be seen inked into his forearm . the image of wembley , which overlooked his estate growing up , is clear amid a cluster of tattoos . rather than those two famous towers , synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years , it is the arc , unveiled in 2007 , that is unmistakable . back then , sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football , playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks . click here to read the full story . click here to see more pictures from training this morning . sportsmail 's riath al-samarrai reads between the lines to discover what sterling was really thinking in that bbc interview ... click here to read . ian ladyman : raheem sterling edged closer towards an exit from liverpool on wednesday night after admitting in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield . sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside and revealed in a bbc interview on wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . but in an in-depth tv discussion that liverpool knew nothing about until shortly before it was aired the 20-year-old admitted that it was ' quite flattering ' to be linked to arsenal – who liverpool face on saturday in the barclays premier league – and that he used to dream of playing abroad . click here to read the full story .  this was set to be a pretty routine press conference , with liverpool manager brendan rodgers previewing saturday 's game at arsenal . but then his star player , raheem sterling , gave a tv interview and did very little to suggest he 'd be at anfield next season . the £100,000-a-week contract tabled by liverpool ? sterling is n't ready to sign it , raising the hopes of his suitors as negotiations are put on ice until the summer . rodgers is expected to give his opinion on the 20-year-old 's ongoing contract saga and we 'll bring you all he has to say from 2pm . 