britain was hailed as a ‘job-creating machine’ last night as the number of people in work soared to its highest level in history . the conservatives’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement , with the international monetary fund lavishing praise on chancellor george osborne . employment rose above 31million in the three months to february , official figures showed – 557,000 higher than a year before . the conservatives’ economic strategy won a stunning international endorsement , with the international monetary fund lavishing praise on chancellor george osborne ( pictured ) . david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a ‘ jobs miracle’ and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together . ‘ there are now two million more people in work than in 2010 , ’ the prime minister said . the encouraging numbers came as rolls-royce announced its biggest-ever order , worth more than £6billion , to power passenger jets for the middle eastern airline emirates . imf chief christine lagarde and german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble praised mr osborne’s ‘ wonderful job’ of handling the economy . in a blow to labour , which has opposed most of the government’s austerity measures , mrs lagarde said the government had provided the ‘ right balance’ of spending cuts and tax rises . the plan had reduced the deficit from a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10 to £90billion last year . she said she had ‘ no doubt that can continue to be the case in the future’ under mr osborne’s plans to return britain to the black in 2018-19 , a pledge labour has failed to match . david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a ‘ jobs miracle’ and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together . ‘ the fiscal deficit has been significantly reduced over the last few years , ’ said mrs lagarde . ‘ added to that it is clearly also delivering results . it is obvious that what is happening in the uk has actually worked . ’ mr schaeuble said he was ‘ full of respect’ for what the chancellor has achieved and delivered what amounted to a highly unusual endorsement of the tories . ‘ the uk and the uk economy has done a wonderful job in the last couple of years , ’ he said . ‘ the uk and george osborne has a very good plan for the future . i am very much in favour of what has been achieved and what has been forecast . ’ the chancellor , speaking at the spring meetings of the imf and world bank in washington , said the uk ‘ is one of the brightest spots in the world economy at the moment’ . ‘ i am here representing the uk with an economy that is firmly on course – the deficit halved as a share of gdp , strong growth , record high employment , record low inflation , ’ he said . greece poses the biggest threat to the global economy and the deepening crisis could hit britain , george osborne warned yesterday . fears are mounting that the recession-battered country will default on its debts and be forced to leave the eurozone , creating an economic and political earthquake . the chancellor ( pictured with imf managing director christine lagarde ) said the crisis in greece had made the mood at international monetary fund talks in washington this week ‘ notably more gloomy’ . the chancellor said the crisis in greece had made the mood at international monetary fund talks in washington this week ‘ notably more gloomy’ . mr osborne added : ‘ it is clear that a misstep or miscalculation on either side [ in greece ] could easily return european economies to the type of perilous situation we saw three to four years ago . ‘ it would be a mistake to think that the uk could be immune to a return to this instability in european financial systems and the european economy . ’ ‘ the british economy is a job-creating machine and we have set out , as a conservative party , plans to go on creating jobs , two million further jobs , in the next parliament . ’ liberal democrat chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander hailed britain as the ‘job-creation powerhouse of the western economies’ . the rolls-royce deal means the derby-based firm will make the engines for 50 of emirates’ airbus a380 planes from its uk factories , where it employs 24,500 people . emirates’ use of the a380 is said to have created 7,000 uk jobs . rolls-royce has worked with emirates since 1996 but this is the first time it has made engines for the gulf carrier’s super-jumbo fleet . labour was forced to welcome the latest employment figures , but ed miliband insisted that ‘ too often jobs in our country are low-paid , low-skilled and insecure’ . ‘ it is not just about zero-hours contracts . young people have done badly , with growing debt , an insecure job and owning a home a distant dream , ’ he said . ed miliband ( pictured ) has insisted that ‘ too often jobs in our country are low-paid , low-skilled and insecure’ . but john philpott , director of the jobs economist website , said two-thirds of the new jobs were full-time and ‘ almost all’ were permanent . in more good news , yesterday’s figures showed the unemployment rate has also fallen to pre-crisis levels of 5.6 per cent . it was last this low in june 2008 . wages excluding bonuses are also rising at 1.8 per cent – the highest level since 2012 , the office for national statistics revealed . this wage increase will feel even higher for workers because the inflation rate is zero .