you might know that h20 is the chemical formula for water , but what about the chemistry of you ? dr joe hanson , a science writer and biologist based in austin , texas , pondered this very question and now has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements . he revealed that a ' human molecule ' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen , 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon . by comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . when written out in full , the human molecule would read : co1 mo3 se4 cr7 f13 mn13 i14 cu76 zn2,110 fe2,680 si38,600 mg40,000 cl127,000 k177,000 na183,000 s206,000 p1,020,000 ca1,500,000 n6,430,000 c85,700,000 o132,000,000 h375,000,000 . the full list of elements that dr hanson says would be found in a human molecule if such a thing existed - each set of letters represent a chemical element and the numbers are the proporation of atoms in each ' molecule ' . dr hanson claims his formula , however , only represents the chemical make up of the human body at birth . life on earth may have been kickstarted by a series of chemical reactions triggered by two simple but poisonous compounds that were plentiful on our planet four billion years ago . chemists have found it is possible to create the three main molecular building blocks of life - dna , proteins and lipids - from hydrogen cyanide , hydrogen sulphide and ultraviolet light . their findings suggest that the basic components for biological cells could have all occurred simultaneously in primordial ponds and streams , coming together to form the first cells . this suggests that life may well have first emerged here on earth - out of a toxic soup of poisonous gas - rather than being carried to our planet by a comet or meteorite from outer space . but the researchers behind the new study say that meteorite impacts probably still played a key role in giving life a first leg up on the ladder towards existence . they claim that meteorite impacts around four billion years ago - known as the late heavy bombardment - could have carried with them carbon rich material that reacted with nitrogen in the air to produce an abundance of hydrogen cyanide . this poisonous gas could then have dissolved in water and undergone a series of chemical reactions , along with hydrogen sulphide , driven by ultraviolet light . over our lifetimes the proportions of these elements change as age and we pick up traces of other elements like heavy metals and gold . dr hanson said : ' out of 98 naturally occurring elements , just over 30 are known to be essential to some form of life on earth . ' in ancient times scholars believed everything in the universe was made from just four elements - earth , water , fire and air . ' today we know it is a little more complicated than that . living things are made up of cells , cells are made up of molecules and molecules are made up of atoms . ' but that old idea turns out to be sort of right . ' altogether , 97 % of the mass all living matter is made of just four chemical elements . ' dr hanson , who created the video for the it 's okay to be smart pbs channel on youtube , also calculated that the average human body has the equivalent of 16kg ( 35lbs ) of carbon in it and enough oxygen to fill a volume equivalent to 6 elephants . he said the human body also contained enough hydrogen to fill the volume of a blue whale and the same amount of nitrogen as is found in 400 litres of urine . but the human body may also be a source of revenue for those who think it is worth the effort . if the average person was to cut off all their tails and toenails , they could extract a nugget of gold worth around a tenth of a us cent ( one sixteenth of a penny ) , according to dr hanson . he said : ' the average adult contains detectable amounts of 60 elements , mostly just traces of our diet and environment that have built up over time . if you isolated all of the elements in your body into their pure form , the ingredients for one life would fetch around one to two thousands dollars on the open market . ' of course you ca n't really do that , but it gives us another way to look at life . ' biologist dr joe hanson has worked out what the human body would look like as a chemical formula ( above ) . the average adult human body contains around 16kg ( 35lbs ) of carbon . pictured is a lump of carbon-rich coal .