kell brook has finally landed the battle of britain he craved , but will take on frankie gavin rather than bitter rival amir khan . just sixty four days after the first defence of his ibf belt against jo jo dan , brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on may 30 at the o2 in london . the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby while anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson . kell brook poses outside london 's 02 arena where he will fight frankie gavin on may 30 . brook posing on the train as he headed to london for the announcement of his fight . brook ( left ) was back in action as he beat jo jo dan for the ibf world welterweight title in sheffield last month . brook poses with gavin inside the o2 arena after announcing their world title fight . brook had been desperate to face khan at wembley in june but his compatriot ruled out a fight until at least later in the year . such was the sheffield welterweight’s desire not to rest on his laurels however , that he demanded a quick turnaround . ' i never expected to be out again so quickly but i ca n't wait , ' brook said . ' i respect frankie for stepping up , he has called for this fight for a long time . i feel like i 'm unbeatable right now and gavin isn’t going to be able to cope with my speed and power on fight night . the o2 is one of the best arenas in the world and it’s an honour to headline a card like this . ' gavin had been due to face south african chris van heerden in birmingham on may 9 but has jumped at the chance to fight for a world title . brook will fight gavin ( pictured ) during an action-packed pay-per-view show in london next month . gavin ( right ) beat bogdan mitic of serbia on the same night in sheffield as brook 's return last month . the 29-year-old switched to eddie hearn’s matchroom outfit earlier this year , making his debut on brook’s undercard in march . he was previously with frank warren who guided him to the british and commonwealth titles but he came unstuck when suffering his first defeat against european champion leonard bundu last august . ' these are the fights you want to be part of and are where i belong , ' gavin said . 'i’ve dreamt of a world title and i will be 100 per cent ready physically and mentally for kell brook . ' of course it’s going to be tough but i believe kell is beatable and i 've always felt that i have got the skills and the team to cause an upset . ' 