a lesbian couple in north carolina who documented how they created their new family in a series of online pictures say they are shocked but thankful after people said the catalogue of images were an ' inspiration ' . in order to start their new family , the moms , melanie and vanessa iris roy , decided to each carry a child one year apart . they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero , a year later . the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight . scroll down for video . inspirational : melanie ( left ) and vanessa iris roy ( right ) decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child . in january 2014 vanessa was pregnant with jax ( left ) and a year later melanie is seen pregnant with ero ( right ) as the couple 's first born plays at their feet on the beach . the women say they are shocked and overwhelmed at the support their photos have garnered online , after each documented their pregnancy . ' it 's crazy to see that people were referring to my family as an inspiration , ' melanie told the huffington post . ' we are still in complete shock . ' the pictures show the women together when each one is pregnant , in a series of snaps that show how they supported eachother as their bodies - and their family - changed . other photos show them with one child when the other is expecting , and then with their family of four . each wanted to be mothers , so they said said the decision to create their family of four was an easy one . the roys hope by sharing the experience they would inspire other same sex couples to start a family . melanie added : ' the woman 's body is incredible . the way it creates and grows another human being is amazing . we hope that our picture is that sign that some women may need to encourage them to carry a child . ' each of the women said they hope the pictures will inspire others to start a family and celebrate how the body changes during pregnancy . the young family of four recently moved to charlotte in north carolina and said the attention has been overwhelming and surprising . the women did not elaborate on how each of them conceived . in january 2014 vanessa was pregnant with jax and just 12 months later melanie was carrying ero . they were photographed exactly a year apart and then uploaded the photos to instagram earlier this year . when the photos became popular - reaching over 150,000 likes on the facebook page of a brazilian advocacy group alone - melanie took to her own page to say thank you . the family-of-four have unwittingly become famous online after their photos went viral , with their children born just one year apart . vanessa ( left ) gave birth to jax ( center ) in2014 , while melanie gave birth to ero ( right ) last year , both women knew they wanted to be mothers . ' i am so thankful for the life i have been given , ' she wrote . ' for my two gorgeous healthy kids jax and ero . for my kickass wife who is literally my best friend , my therapist , my lover , and my partner in life all wrapped in one . my parents for all the things they sacrificed to give me the childhood i had and the solid foundation built with family , love , and tradition . ' my wife 's parents for accepting me as one of their own and always being there for us . ' this positive move to charlotte would n't have been possible if it was n't for them . i 've also been blessed with great friends along the way . tonight while laying next to my two munchkins my heart was filled with love thinking of how awesome my life is . the couple are pictured celebrating the first birthday of their son jax ( right ) , who is pictured alongside his younger sibling ero . celebrations : the couple and their two children live in charlotte , north carolina , and say they feel grateful for their life .