a woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of australia . roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching . ' in my mind i thought i 'd be going to new york or italy or somewhere ... instead i ended up just driving myself three hours to noosa , ' ms walsh told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . roxy was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners jenny ( right ) and joe ( centre ) after their granddaughter , jade ( left ) found the social media campaign on facebook . the snorkeler who discovered a sentimental ring at a bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery . ms walsh , from palm beach has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple on sunday . ms walsh found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner . ' in one night 600 or 700 people had shared it just from the media website , kids in adelaide , ' she said . ' so i thought , this can go further , and it did . ' after creating a ' find joe and jenny ' facebook page , within a week , the langley 's granddaughter jade , messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa and that they lived under 300 kilometres away from ms walsh . ' the amazing thing is , out of the thousands of messages i got through the facebook page , jade 's was the only one claiming the ring , ' she said . over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . ms walsh met with the pair in noosa on sunday and returned sentimental ring . queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . ' i never thought that i 'd find the owners or i thought that i 'd really have to try so when i got her message i did n't have the feeling that i 'd found them . ' ms walsh was skeptical until the next day when she spoke to mr langley himself and instantly knew this man was the owner of the sentimental ring . after speaking on the phone , joe sent photos from their bali trip nine months ago where they had lost it in the exact same place that ms walsh had found it . the gold piece of jewellery was an anniversary gift from his wife , and was inscribed with ‘ darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny’ . mr langley had been swimming at the same resort in bali when he got caught in a strong current and only escaped after clambering up some rocks . it was n't until he later looked at a photo of himself , that he noticed the ring was missing . roxy walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of finding its owner . roxy walsh ( pictured in bali ) found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april . ms walsh found the ring at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media . ' it had n't come off his finger until that day , ' ms walsh said . the 34-year-old credits the international facebook shares for the finding of jewellery 's owner . ' i can not believe this , but we have found joe and jenny ! ! ' ms walsh wrote on facebook on friday . ' i have spoken to joe and he is over the moon that this special ring has been found and i am personally handing it back this weekend . ' what a crazy couple of days with an even crazier ending . one of the best things ever ! ! ! ! ! ' joe had been swimming at the same resort in bali when he got caught in a strong current and lost the ring . it was n't until joe later looked at a photo of himself , that he noticed the sentimental ring was missing . over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . the post has been shared more than 250,000 times , taking the search for the special ring global . ‘ sometimes hear of these things finding their way home so worth a shot , ’ ms walsh wrote . the social media page amazingly made it to russia , england , malta , brazil and chile among others . but the incredible fact that joe and jenny reside a three hour drive from ms walsh means they will keep in touch . ' we will see each other again , ' ms walsh said . ' they are definitely on the christmas card list . '     