the prison guard who allegedly had an affair with the man convicted of killing one-punch victim thomas king has been identified as a 30-year-old ironwoman competitor . it was revealed last month kieran loveridge , who brutally attacked mr kelly at kings cross , was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an ' improper relationship ' with a female officer . the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson , the daily telegraph reported . scroll down for video . jody marson ( left and right ) has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with kieran loveridge . kieran loveridge , who killed thomas kelly in a brutal one punch attack in 2012 , allegedly had an affair with ms marson . corrective services nsw has since launched an investigation into the matter after loveridge was moved from the mid north coast correctional centre . the alleged relationship took place inside the the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell . ms marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison . she is now under investigation . her facebook reveals she is a fitness enthusiast , with photos showing her cycling in ironwoman competitions . the social media page also shows renovations she has carried out on a house she recently bought in port macquarie on the nsw north coast . when approached by the daily telegraph for comment , the 30-year-old did not wish to speak about the matter . ms marson ( right ) was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison . corrective services nsw commisioner peter severin confirmed they were looking at ' electronic prison records and cctv footage ' . he told the daily telegraph employees were expected to stick with the department 's ' strict and very clear policies and procedures governing how correctional staff should interact with inmates ' . mr severin added they would ' fully investigate ' any breaches in behaviour and would enforce suitable penalties , which included dismissal . loveridge was moved to the higher security prison after he stomped on a fellow inmate 's head along with a 22-year-old prisoner . thomas kelly died after he was punched in the head by loveridge on july 7 , 2012 . a nsw police spokeswoman told daily mail australia a 21-year-old man was charged with reckless grievous bodily harm following an assault inside a west kempsey correctional facility . she said police were told ' possibly two or three inmates assaulted another inmate ' who was left with head injuries . loveridge will appear in goulburn local court on wednesday , may 27 . the 21-year-old is serving 14 years for mr kelly 's manslaughter . mr kelly suffered catastrophic head injuries after loveridge punched him once in an unprovoked attack at kings cross , in sydney 's inner-city , on july 7 , 2012 . the 18-year-old 's life support was turned off two days later . initially , loveridge was jailed in november 2013 for just four years for manslaughter , which prompted wide-spread public anger . the deparment pp launched an appeal against the leniency of the decision , which was upheld and in july 2014 he was handed a lengthier jail time . in november 2013 , a court heard how 19-year-old loveridge had drunk several cans of smirnoff double black vodka drinks and shots as he prowled kings cross and told a friend ' i swear i’m going to bash someone ' . mr kelly , an accounting cadet , was walking with his girlfriend and talking on his mobile phone when he was violently attacked . police originally charged loveridge with murder but he offered to plead guilty to manslaughter . the earliest loveridge can be released from jail is november 17 , 2022 .     sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .