while richie benaud rose from the suburbs to captain australia , he will be remembered forever for his mastery of commentating . the champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form , earning him the title of ' the voice of cricket . ' his commentary was understated , measured and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed . scroll down for video . 84-year-old cricket commentator richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . his sayings from the hundreds of test and one day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments . his signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word . ' marvellous ... ' will forever be linked to the cricket legend . on commentating , benaud said : ' my mantra is - put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' he once described the scene on the field : ' from our broadcast box you can’t see any grass at all , it is simply a carpet of humanity . ’ on captaincy , and he was one of the best test captains australia ever had , benaud was modest : ' the hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ’ his commentary was understated and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed . the former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form , giving him the title'the voice of cricket ' . but he cautioned that description with : ' captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . but don’t try it without that 10 per cent . ’ when fellow leg spinner shane warne produced the so-called ' ball of the century ' to dismiss english batsmen mike gatting , benaud said : ' gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . still doesn’t know . ’ but his mastery of understatement did n't mean he could n't offer forthright opinions on the latest cricketing controversy . on australian bowler trevor chappell 's infamous underarm bowling incident in february 1 , 1981 , benaud said : ‘ it was a disgraceful performance … and it should never be permitted to happen again . ’ he also was n't afraid of the odd double entendre when cricketers came to grief on the field or there were some antics from spectators . his trademark word , ' marvellous ... ' will forever be linked to the cricket legend . once after a player had been hit in the groin , he said : ' take away the pain , leave the swelling ' . after a streaker ran on to the field : ' there was a slight interruption there for athletics . ' although comical on the pitch , off the pitch he was a serious man with a big heart . when test and one day cricketer phillip hughes tragically passed away , benaud narrated a heartfelt tribute for the 25-year-old . ' a boy , just beginning , 25 years of age , baggy green number 408 . his father’s best mate , son , brother , fighter , friend , inspiration… phillip hughes , forever rest in peace , son , ' he said . back on the field , on a justin langer six he said : ' he 's not quite got hold of that one . if he had , it would have gone for nine . ' and will any commentator ever be able to match his tributes to a fine piece of play on the field ? ' top shot that . '   