investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind . a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses . an in-depth investigation by the associated press published last month led to the discovery of massive rights abuses in benjina and surrounding waters . the report traced slave-caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of u.s. retailers . slaves : a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to many of the mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the the island village of benjina . rescued : last week , indonesian authorities rescued around 330 migrants from benjina , bringing them to the island of tual , where they are now being sheltered by the government . many of the men interviewed said they were tricked or even kidnapped before being put on boats in thailand and taken to indonesia . they were forced to work almost non-stop under horrendous conditions , some brutally beaten by their thai captains when they were sick or caught resting . last week , indonesian authorities rescued around 330 migrants from benjina , bringing them to the island of tual , where they are now being sheltered by the government . those found thursday by a team , which included myanmar officials , remain in benjina . while most fisherman found in benjina were burmese , there also were scores of cambodians . the toll of 550 did not include men - many of whom also were enslaved - from poor parts of thailand . shocking : many of the men interviewed said they were tricked or even kidnapped before being put on boats in thailand and taken to indonesia . export : the report traced slave-caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of american retailers . it 's unclear who will pay for the mass repatriation . a former slave now in tual said conditions were relatively good there . he said the men are getting medical care and enough to eat , but their living quarters are cramped and many do not have a change of clothes since they left quickly with only what they were wearing . meanwhile , myanmar opposition leader aung san suu kyi yesterday told reporters in her country 's capital , naypyitaw , it was up to governments ' to protect the rights of the citizens and to bring them back out of bondage . ' ' that is the most obvious and very simple solution and unavoidable duty of any responsible government , ' she told reporters .