this is the moment a young boy covered in blood was dragged from the scene of a devastating suicide bomb attack in afghanistan . he was near a bank in jalalabad early saturday morning when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125 . the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them when the bomb exploded in the busy commercial district . islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack , president ghani said . scroll down for video . thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in jalalabad , afghanistan . above , a man leads an injured boy by the hands after the suicide attack , as others gather to try and help . one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier . above , men and boys run and hide behind trees as the bomb detonates . speaking from badakhshan he said : ' who claimed responsibility for horrific attack in nangarhar today ? ' the taliban did not claim responsibility for the attack , daesh claimed responsibility for the attack . ' daesh is an arabic acronym for the islamic extremist group . an online posting by a person purporting to be an islamic state spokesman could not be immediately verified . it is not clear whether ghani relied on this for his remarks or if he had other intelligence at his disposal . ' we condemn/deny involvement in both , ' taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid tweeted . pictures taken moments after the explosion show shoes , belongings and commercial goods scattered over the road and pavement amid broken glass and blood . men and children were captured bandaging themselves on the street while attempting to get hold of family and friends . the force of the blast damaged businesses and cars , as well as causing windows to break several miles away . security forces blocked off the area to allow ambulances and rescue crews to care for the wounded . ahmad zia abdulzai , spokesman for the provincial governor in nangarhar , said : ' there are reports of many wounded people in critical condition at the hospital . ' a man with his head and hands covered in blood clutches his mobile phone ( left ) minutes after the bomb exploded while another bandages his own leg ( right ) . the attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians and detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle . above , afghan security officials inspect the scene . locals and officials work together to carry injured men to a green police pick up , which is waiting to take the men to jalalabad hospital . ten uninjured men club together to help move injured civilians . security forces blocked off the area to allow ambulances and rescue crews to care for the wounded . pictures taken after the attack show shoes , belongings and commercial goods scattered across the road and pavement amid broken glass and blood . officials react to the scene after the attack , many holding guns and others unloading equipment from vehicles as smoke fills the street . an injured afghan receives treatment at hospital after being rescued from the scene . their face is covered in blood and head bandaged as they lie with their eyes closed . dr hamayon zaheer , head of jalalabad hospital , confirmed that more than 100 wounded and around 33 dead bodies had been brought to the hospital . dr hamayon zaheer , head of jalalabad hospital , confirmed that more than 100 wounded and around 33 dead bodies had been brought to the hospital . one afghan army soldier receiving treatment for wounds said he had received his salary from the bank but was still in the area when the blast took place . ' a motorcycle came in and i think a man in a suit entered inside the crowd and detonated his explosive . i heard two sounds of explosions and i ca n't remember after that , ' he said . another bomb was discovered close to the scene of the first explosion , police said . two further blasts were reported . no injuries were reported from the first , which was near a shrine . the other , in the behsud district , killed one civilian and wounded two others , mr abdulzai said . he added that a magnetic bomb had been attached to a parked car and then detonated by remote control . four men - one talking on a mobile phone - survey a set of shattered windows near the scene . the force of the blast caused windows to break several miles away . a security official crouches down clutching a gun while others use radios to communicate as smoke clears from the street after the attack . a father kisses his son , who has a bandage round his head and is covered in dirt , and holds his hand to his mouth minutes after the blast . the pakistani government , which is coordinating with afghanistan on counter-terrorism issues , condemned the attacks . a statement released by the pakistani foreign ministry labelled the bombings ' cowardly ' and ' indiscriminate ' and said there was no justification for attacks against civilians under any circumstances . mr ghani added that islamic state was starting to establish a presence in afghanistan . he used his visit to the united states last month to reiterate his concerns that the extremist group was making inroads into afghanistan . ' if we do n't stand on the same line united , these people are going to destroy us , ' he told the 600 people gathered at the provincial government headquarters in faizabad . the rise of even a small islamic state affiliate could further destabilize the region and complicate u.s. and nato efforts to end the 13-year afghan war .