jason cotterill sent revenge porn to his jilted lover 's daughter and threatened to post a sex video on the mother 's facebook page . a mother whose jilted lover sent revenge porn to her 18-year-old daughter has spoken of the ' absolute nightmare ' her life became as he bombarded her with abusive messages . jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet , even threatening to post a sex video of her on her facebook page . the terrified woman said her life became a living ' hell ' when cotterill , who was jailed last week , sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter . ' it got so bad i considered suicide , ' the mother said . ' if it had n't have been for some great friends i would have gone through with it . ' ' it was n't nice for my daughter . it was my past - years ago . my kids did n't need to know about that . ' i was trying to move on with my life . it 's part of my life i want to totally erase . ' i know i 'm not blameless because i should n't have slept with him . it was a stupid , stupid thing to do , it was a drunken thing . but it made my life an absolute nightmare . ' cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes , birmingham magistrates ' court heard . he and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through facebook in 2013 . they met up for three dates between january and september 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . the court was told that the mother - a former sex worker - immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again . soon afterwards she began receiving ' creepy ' messages from the defendant , saying he loved her and wanted to be with her . as a result , she ' unfriended ' him on facebook and changed her mobile phone number . during the trial the woman told the court he set up 67 different facebook accounts in an attempt to contact her after she blocked him on the social networking site . the victim said : ' my life was made hell . i became depressed , anxious and scared to leave the house . cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again following a trial at birmingham magistrates ' court ( pictured ) . ' he did n't know where i lived but i thought `` what if he finds out ? '' it got me worried to go out , i was constantly looking over my shoulder . i became very depressed , and the fact that he was sending pictures to my daughter was the final straw . ' it was just constant . there was no let-up . he kept sending messages . some people said `` oh it 's only messages '' , but it consumes your life . ' they say you should delete your facebook account but it 's a way of keeping in touch with my friends and family , especially friends i do n't get to see . i blocked him but each time he set up new profiles to get past it ... there was no way he was going to stop . ' she reported cotterill to facebook but the social media site did not take any action , the victim claims . cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet , including threatening to post a sex video of her on her facebook page . eventually the woman told the police about the messages , ending the abuse , but the court case was yet another ordeal . she gave evidence from behind a screen that was just a few yards away from cotterill , who smirked as she spoke . ' i thought if i did n't go to court he could carry on doing it , so i got the courage from somewhere , ' she said . ' i 'm happy i did , but it was difficult . this has been going on since august 2013 so it 's nice to be believed . ' it feels like a weight 's been lifted and hopefully this will be the end of it . ' ' i 'm happy the police arrested him and brought him to justice . i hope this sends the message out that you ca n't do this kind of thing . ' i have no idea how i got through it . there was a point where i was going to give in until a very , very good friend of mine said `` you can not let this man do this to you anymore '' . she was very concerned about my health , my mental stability . ' the government has made this sort of thing a criminal offence , and that is a good thing . ' but i think about young children and teenagers who are going through a similar nightmare , and it sickens me . there are people out there who are not strong enough to deal with it . ' cotterill , from oldbury , west midlands , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . as well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . district judge david robinson said : ' you harassed the complainant over a three-month period and used social networks constantly in a threatening manner to get her to re-engage with you . ' there are a number of aggravating features in this case . ' you sought to use dozens of facebook profiles to get in touch with her , you also found a link to a pornographic site and made use of that . ' you either involved or threatened to involve others , sending the link to the woman 's friends and her sister , insinuating that her children might get to see the photos . ' you used the power you had over her by the knowledge of those photos . '