europe’s oldest lar gibbon is enjoying celebrity status after a video of it strutting through a wildlife park went viral . brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland , who captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park near keswick . the seven-second video , which is accompanied by ms dorman giggling throughout , shows the lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker . it was then shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up and added the caption : ‘ running across the landing naked when you forget your towel . ’ this resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times . richard robinson , park manager at the lake district wildlife park spoke about the video on the park’s website , he said : ‘ brian is the oldest lar gibbon in europe , and is very fortunate to be here . the hilarious video was captured by a visitor to lake district wildlife park and shows the 50-year-old primate sneaking across a feild . ‘ his records begin in 1965 at chester zoo and he joined us in 2000 . brian , his lifetime partner sooty and their youngsters have been entertaining our guests for years . ‘ they love swinging through the trees , walking round , grooming and sunbathing . there are hundreds of pictures and videos of the whole family , but none have caught the imagination like this video . ‘ the caption just goes to highlight how we interpret their actions as being very human like – it’s this that makes them so endearing . ’ the video has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel . ms dorman wrote on facebook : ‘i’m glad brian has done so well with my video . hopefully loads of people go to visit him . ’ the lar gibbon also known as the white-handed gibbon , is a primate in the gibbon family . they are strictly monogamous mammals and form strong family ties , as demonstrated by brian , who has fathered a number of young – three of which still live at the park – with sooty .