this is the moment a baby horse mimics a dog as it rolls over and nuzzles with its handler on the ground . footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . the young rider from kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics . ' this is the best day of my life , ' she exclaims as the cuddling session continues . the pony appears completely at ease and he stretches out his legs in a bid to further his relaxation . ' look at him , ' bayne says to the camera as she pets the pony 's brown coat . finally , after almost a minute , the creature decides he 's had enough and he gets back up to four hooves . another adult horse is seen on the sidelines watching the heartwarming petting session unfold . to date the clip of bayne has received thousands of hits online . pony love : footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . comical moment : the horse rider from kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's bizarre antics . many viewers have deemed the video ' adorable ' and ' cute ' . bayne later identified the owner of the foal as florida-based meg miranda . she also described her amazement at the response the video quickly received . ' i am in awe and complete shock that this video has went viral ! i love horses with every fiber of my being , ' she wrote in a facebook status update . internet stars : bayne later identified the owner of the foal as florida-based meg miranda - she also described her amazement at the response the video quickly received . ' horses have a way about them that touches my soul . every now and again horse people come across a horse that places a mark on their heart . this one truly touched my heart and soul . ' she said just moments before the camera started rolling , the foal galloped up to her and started playing . ' i could feel her love and curiosity . she walked all over me and i was okay with that because , i mean ... look at her , ' she wrote . ' then we rolled around and played like kids . she melted my heart that day and i believe it 's safe to say that she melted a few million other peoples hearts . she is one in a million ! ' . '