the liberal democrats have admitted they are on course to lose at least 20 mps , but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power . nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in hampshire where the lib dems held eastleigh after chris huhne was jailed . but behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ' in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in eastleigh in hampshire . mr clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ' tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats . instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance . a party source said if the party had a group of mps numbering ' in the 30s ' it could potentially hold the balance of power after may 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition government . the senior lib dem , closely involved in the party 's election strategy , said the campaign 's focus was increasingly on between 10 and 15 marginal seats - some held by the party and a few targets - with other constituencies either assessed as safe or effectively written off . assessing the election outcome , the source said : ' everything is so marginal , we need to get into the 30s and the other parties need to sort themselves out and we will see what the answer is . ' there are now basically two possible outcomes to this election - we can either get a minority government or a coalition with the lib dems in it . ' asked if a seat count in the 30s was realistic , the source said : ' oh yes . ' pressed on whether that was a ' best case ' scenario , the senior lib dem said : ' i would like to say 150 , but i think in fairness you would n't believe me . ' there are lots of marginal seats . there 's a marginal outcome in 40 seats for us and if we won every one of those marginal contests we would get to 40-odd . ' mr clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ' tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats . opinion polls by yougov since 2010 show the dramatic collapse in the lib dem support , to barely 8 per cent . the lib dems won 57 seats in the 2010 election but have been hit by a slump in popularity after forming the coalition government with the conservatives . mr clegg travelled to eastleigh , the scene of a 2013 by-election triumph , to spell out the intensity with which the party would fight in its target seats . the lib dems have built up a reputation as formidable campaigners in by-election contests , including in the hampshire seat which they held following the resignation of disgraced former cabinet minister chris huhne , despite a ukip surge . mr clegg and the party 's election strategists have insisted the poor national opinion poll ratings , which have seen the party stuck around the 8 per cent mark , are not reflected in the data gathered by canvassers and internal polling . the lib dem leader told supporters : ' what we are going to do on may 7 is n't just , as the placards say , win here , we are going to win up and down the country . ' because in effect what we are doing is running a campaign of not just one eastleigh by-election but 60 eastleigh by-elections - north , south , east , west , campaigning with exactly the same vigour that led to that famous victory . ' he added : ' in the final week of this campaign two million voters will hear our message on facebook , on youtube and on social media . ' so we are fighting a campaign like we have never fought a campaign before . sixty by-elections up and down the country . ' mr clegg was all smiles at the ageas bowl cricket ground near eastleigh , behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ' in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . the alternatives to a coalition involving the lib dems were a labour-snp alliance ' saddling our children with the dead weight of debts from this generation ' or a ' hapless david cameron administration dancing to the tune of ukip , the dup and - most chillingly and worryingly of all - his own mps on the right wing of the conservative party ' . in a rallying cry delivered at hampshire county cricket club 's ageas bowl stadium he said : ' if you do n't want to run the risk of our country lurching to the right , lurching to the left , the only way to guarantee to keep our country on track is to vote liberal democrat . ' we will cut less than the conservatives , we will borrow less than labour . we have provided a heart to a government with the conservatives , just as we would provide a brain to a government with the labour party on the economy . ' he added : ' we will win again . we will campaign like no other party knows how to campaign again . we will serve our local community better than any other party does again . we will speak to more voters than any other party again . ' asked whether he was now even running a national campaign following his call for '60 eastleighs ' , mr clegg said : ' i am saying that exactly the same zeal of that by-election is what we are applying in the 60-odd seats where we are fighting tooth and nail to get liberal democrats elected in this election . ' a new survey by lord ashcroft had the tories on 36 per cent , with labour trailing on 30 per cent , ukip on 11 per cent and the lib dems on 9 per cent . the tories could be six points ahead of labour , or three points behind , depending on which opinion poll to believe . the latest batch of surveys agree on only one thing : the result is probably too close to call . david cameron 's day will have been brightened by a six-point lead in a survey by lord ashcroft . the tories are on 36 per cent , with labour trailing on 30 per cent , ukip on 11 per cent and the lib dems on 9 per cent . another poll by icm for the guardian also gave mr cameron 's party a lead , but of only three points lead on 35 per cent to 32 per cent for labour . however , the sun 's yougov poll had labour in the lead on 34 per cent to the tories' 33 per cent , indicating that the battle for no 10 remains agonisingly close for the party leaders . labour enjoyed a three-point lead in a populus poll , on 36 per cent ( up one point ) to the conservatives ' 33 per cent ( up one ) . north of the border , a tns poll found scottish national party support continuing to surge to 54 per cent , almost two-and-a-half times labour 's 22 per cent .