forget packing snorkels or body boards this summer , the latest beach craze for those wishing to spend their days in the surf has a more mythical twist . the merfin , a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid , looks set to be the essential piece of beach play kit this summer . the product is the brainchild of australian professional freediver kazzie mahina . the 37-year-old , from byron bay in new south wales , created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature . scroll down for video . would n't you like to be a mermaid ? the merfin , a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid has arrived on uk shores . the product retails at £99 in the uk . the novelty swimming product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and grown-ups alike . designer kazzie mahina says the merfin can also help to tone abs and thighs . after taking off down under , the merfin is now available to buy in the uk , with the country 's sole stockist , online retailer gigi brooks , reporting brisk trade . ali lovegrove from the lincolnshire-based stockist told femail that the merfin has been ' very popular ' in recent months with a rush expected as beach-goers prepare for their summer breaks . ' as the weather has been warming up in recent weeks we have seen an influx in sales from surfing hotspots in the uk including cornwall , devon and wales and , as we ship worldwide , we have sent them as far as japan . ' she added that the company had been attracted to the merfin because ' there is absolutely nothing like them in the market ' . diver mahina , who can hold her breath for a startling five minutes , says she spent years perfecting the product . she said : ' i started designing the fins in the middle of 2006 . i went through lots of samples , prototypes , lots of trial and error . ' mermaid entrepreneur : after spending years bringing the product to the market , mahina has found herself in demand , with urban outfitters chasing an adult version of the product to sell in the us . in character : the freediver and part-time mermaid , who can hold her breath for five minutes , is due to launch a new product this summer . ' people now would go `` oh , that seems to obvious '' or `` it looks so simple '' but it was n't back then . ' in 2011 , she launched a website and started selling the merfins out of australia , and by the next year they were in stores around the country . the diver says that after a successful launch in australia , she was then ' hunted down ' by us retailer urban outfitters , who chased the brand for an adult range of the fins . ' they hunted me , they would n't leave me alone . i was like `` what is going on ? this is one of the coolest stores in america . '' ' the fins come in four sizes , ranging from child 's to adult 's , ensuring that grown-ups can flip and swoosh in the water alongside their little ones . colours range from coral to aqua to a striking sunset orange . prices start at £99 for a child 's fin and £120 for adult 's . gigi brooks is currently the only uk stockist and has the fins in coral and aqua . the retailer said the product has been ' very popular ' . there 's an easy-release ankle clip too to ensure that should you prefer to have your feet separated , you quickly can . designed to be used in the pool or the sea , the merfin is also being promoted as a fitness aid which can help to tone abdominal and thigh muscles . mahina said she is already working on her next product , set to be released in time for next summer , and ca n't believe how lucky she is to have found something she is so passionate about . ' sometimes i pinch myself and say how did it work out that i am the luckiest girl in the world . ' dreams and ideas belong to the world they do n't belong to any one person and anybody could tap into them and i think i just happened to be connected and passionate and listening enough . ' the mermaiding is lots of fun , and the gift of being able to give that gift of fun [ means ] my fun is just multiplying to know that other people are enjoying themselves . ' 