this may look like your average wooden wardrobe , but it actually has a hidden purpose . concealed within its doors is a tiny trapdoor that leads to a secret underground passageway stretching some 500 feet towards the u.s. border . mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory . scroll down for video . does it lead to narnia ? mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe . a mexican official prepares to descend the 10 feet long ladder to enter the hidden tunnel in the border town of tijuana . the sophisticated passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners . the 66ft deep route , which was still under construction and was being built next to the tijuana checkpoint , was wired with lights and ventilation . soldiers who entered the passageway , just west of a.l . rodriguez international airport , had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path . officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet . but officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside u.s. territory . the site of the tunnel is estimated to be around seven miles by car from the official border crossing at san ysidro , but is less than a mile as the crow flies from the actual border . the border is just over 22 miles from the city of san diego , california . when soldiers raided the property they also reportedly seized 44 pounds of marijuana and a truck being used by the racket to move the excavated earth . the tunnel was said to be close to the mexican air force installation as well as a regional federal police facility . government officials have said that similar tunnels have also been used to smuggle migrants into the united states . over the past decade , dozens of illegal tunnels have been found across the roughly 2,000 mile u.s.-mexico border . a soldier examines the tunnel which already stretched some 500 feet from the property when it was discovered by mexican soldiers . the route had not yet reached u.s. soil , but if it went undiscovered official believe it would have surfaced a short distance from the border . barrels containing dirt excavated to make way for the passageway were lined up ready to be emptied at the tunnels entrance . the property in tijuana , close to the border , where the start of the tunnel was discovered by mexican soldiers .