a drug dealer who was facing a dilemma over how to transport $ 30,000 worth of meth decided to stuff into an easter bunny and stick it in the mail . it was sniffed out by a police dog in tulsa county , oklahoma , and the intended recipient , carolyn ross , has now been arrested by police . when cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs . scroll down for video ... easter surprise : tahlequah police said a package intercepted in tulsa county contained an easter bunny stuffed with $ 30,000 worth of meth . jumpin ' jack ! police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in tahlequah . on the hop : the investigation continues into whether there is more to this bunny-bound drug smuggling ring . police were baffled over the decision to use a children 's toy to smuggle the stuff : tahlequah police chief nate king said : ' the easter bunny i thought was a strange touch . delivery : police arrested carolyn ross who was looking out for the package to arrive . ' there were two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit . it 's not the prize egg that we want in tahlequah . ' the pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 . ' we 've intercepted narcotics in the mail before , ' said chief nate king . tahlequah police were alerted by tulsa county deputies that the package was to be delivered to ross 's home . ' we did n't know who at the home would receive the meth or if they knew what they were receiving , ' king said . one officer went to ross 's home and posed as a delivery man . ' we got a plain white van , drove to the residence and served an anticipatory warrant on the resident , ' king said to wftv . officials said that ross confessed to knowing the drugs were in the mail . she said she was supposed to redistribute them to someone else . ross is being held at the cherokee detention center on $ 75,000 bond . discovery : a hole was cut into the bottom of the rabbit and police found quite the surprise waiting inside . there were two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit . pricey stuff : the pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 . strange find : ' the easter bunny i thought was a strange touch , ' tahlequah police chief nate king said .