a new financial survey has confirmed what australians already know . we live in the most expensive country in the world . the annual survey from deutsche bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year , australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . a survey has shown australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row . a luxurious hotel room in sydney will set you back around $ 1126 per night , $ 640 more than in new york . the survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the us dollar . it found that australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us , meaning that we pay $ 1.12 to every $ us1 . the united states remains the world 's cheapest developed country . new zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world and the united kingdom was third . the index used a wide-ranging scale of differently priced items to judge the most costly country in the world . sydney has the most expensive five star hotel rooms in the world which cost an 132 per cent more than their equivalent in new york . a luxurious sydney hotel room will set you back $ 1126 per night with new york being much more reasonable at $ 485 . a two-litre bottle of coca cola also tops the charts in australia at $ 4.30 , 51 percent more than new york . while brazil has the most expensive iphone 6 's at nearly double the price of the united states , australia 's iphone 's still cost over $ 151 more than america . the report found that australian prices are at 112 percent of the us , meaning that we pay $ 1.12 to every $ us 1 . our public transport , petrol , cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than america . our public transport , petrol , cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than america . however , on the flip side , a monthly gym membership in sydney and melbourne are nearly half the cost of new york prices . sydney business school is also more than half the cost of harvard business school in boston . and when going to the movies is concerned , australians will break even with it costing the same to see a movie in sydney as it does in hong kong , shanghai and new york . 