a police officer in toronto , ontario , has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people . in celebration of canada’s day of pink , an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the lgbt community , police officer ryan willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer luke watson on twitter , promising that a series of images of luke with pink hair would follow , if the first image was retweeted 500 times . 560 retweets later and luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink , all in the name of spreading a message of tolerance and acceptance to the community . tickled : toronto officer luke watson was more than happy to sport his new hot pink hair in support of the day of pink event held on april 8 across canada . luckily for ryan , luke was more than pleased to undergo the transformation for the cause . a friend used spray-in hair color to transform his blonde locks to a shocking shade of fuchsia , and within no time luke was ready to show off his new hairdo at the day of pink rally at forest hills collegiate institute in toronto , where he arrived in a pink cruiser with his fellow police officers , who all wore pink shirts . the day of pink was born in nova scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate , who was wearing a pink shirt , was being bullied . the pair of teenagers subsequently rallied with other members of the student body and donned pink in the days to come as an act of solidarity against bullying . luke told yahoo beauty luke said the response to his new hair color has been ' overwhelming ' . preparation : luke donned a pink cape and held a can of spray-in hair color while awaiting his transformation . quick work : within moments , luke 's hair was a nearly-neon shade of pink . a prank gone pink : ryan willmer ( left ) received an overwhelming response after he volunteered his fellow officer luke up for the makeover without him knowing . as for why luke was the only one sporting the rosy locks , he explained that ryan ' lacks in the hair department , so i am the guinea pig ' . after twitter lit up over the pics of luke and his new do , the officers tried to keep the hype going with a new promise : to keep luke 's hair pink for seven days if they reach 1,000 retweets with an additional day for every 100 retweets on top of that . the numbers have already passed 3,600 . ' i 'll be keeping my hair pink for quite some time , ' says luke . ' i did n't think such a simple gesture would become such a big thing , but it has brought awareness and opens up discussion . ' result : officer ryan shared the photo of luke on the left saying that 500 retweets would see his hair go pink , 1000 to keep it for a week and an extra day for every 100 thereafter .