a man who was locked up and tortured in a chinese cotton mill for 18 years has finally been rescued . xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week . now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world , said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily . rescued : xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found by police in small dark room by police . government authorities in the city of qingyuan in the north west guangdong province were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill . when they arrived at the mill in qing cheng district on wednesday , they found large quantities of fake cotton goods and another more unexpected discovery . inside a locked room officials found xie making cotton products . speaking with a stammer , he said that in 1997 , aged 16 , he voluntarily went to qingyuan with the mill owner , but was locked away in cramped living quarters and treated like a slave . each day he was given a huge workload and was beaten . ' they would often force feed me horrible things and when i would struggle they would hit me in the head with a hammer , ' xie said . ' the female owner would often urinate on me . ' tortured : now 34 , a very gaunt xie said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily . when government officials arrived in the qing cheng district on wednesday , they found large quantities of fake cotton goods . xie , originally from jiangxi in the south east of the country , said that every few years the owners would change the place of work but that he was always imprisoned in a dark room without any natural light . in fact neighbours said they always had an inkling someone was being held illegally in the building . neighbour mr xie said he could hear cries of pain every night which he initially thought were from a child being punished . over time he knew there was someone held inside the building , but because the doors were always locked he couldn’t be sure . ' when the police arrived we helped the guy to leave the building , ' mr xie said . ' he was shaking all over saying that if he left the building the owner would beat him to death . ' when police arrived at the mill , the couple fled the scene .