three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern california on sunday . the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco . ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy . the santa rosa press democrat reports that the accident in mendocino county is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory . witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby . abalone is a prized delicacy that sells for up to $ 70 per pound . the annual abalone season brings divers out into the rough waters of northern california ( stock image ) . the three men died after diving into rough waters off of rocky coastline in mendocino county , california , on sunday in search of abalone ( stock imagine of abalone diver ) . firefighters said the men dove into water in caspar cove and found themselves immediately in trouble . an off-duty firefighter who happened to be fishing nearby spotted the men and called for help . the three men who drowned were overcome by the churning water and crushed against the sharp rocks on shore . rescuers managed to pull the two survivors and one of the dead men from the water immediately after arriving on scene . a sonoma county sheriff’s office helicopter plucked the second victim from the sea and brought him to shore . ten friends from the east coast and san francisco rented a house on caspar cove to dive for abalone , locals said . five of them went out on sunday - three died . firefighters performed cpr on the two drowned men on the beach as his horrified friends watched - but both were pronounced dead on sunday afternoon . the third man 's body was found after a five-hour search that involved aircraft and boats from several fire departments and sheriff 's offices , as well as the us coast guard . he was smashed against rocks in a cove , which required rescuers to hoist his body up the cliff with a winch because they could n't get to him by water . local authorities say the abalone season , which started april 1 , is always marred by several rescues and often a few death . abalone , a snail-like mollusk with a beautiful shiny shell , sells for up to $ 70 a pound . 