former super middleweight champion nigel benn is back in the ring and the 51-year-old , dubbed the ‘ dark destroyer’ , has certainly still got what it takes . ilford-born benn , who now lives in australia and works as a charity worker , looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with ricky hatton at his manchester gym . benn landed a series of punches , including one that saw hatton 's glove fly off , as he put the 36-year-old through his paces following his return to england . earlier this week , hatton and benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ‘ hitman ' training conor benn , nigel’s son , ahead of the 2016 olympics in rio . former super middleweight champion nigel benn takes on ricky hatton on his return to the ring . the 51-year-old dark destroyer does a spot of pad work with the hitman at his manchester gym . ilford-born benn shows he still has what it takes as he moves hatton around the ring in manchester . former boxer benn joins in a playful pads session in the ring with hatton at his manchester gym . hatton watches on as benn prepares his latest assault during some pad work at the manchester gym . benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and impressed on the pads . hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train conor when he arrives in britain in june . the younger benn will have to go some way before he manages to surpass the accomplishments of his dad , though , a man remembered as one of the top 10 british boxers of all time . benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional and did n't taste defeat till he came up against the underrated michael watson . that rare taste of defeat led to the boxer taking a gamble on life in america and he quickly won the wbo middleweight title after stopping doug de witt in a brutal encounter . benn stopped iran barkley in just one round in a title defending performance that shocked the world in his next bout as people began to discuss just how far he could go . barkley had been in the ring with the likes of roberto duran and thomas hearns , but there was more to come from benn as he returned to britain to fight chris eubank . the bout against eubank was a fight that well and truly grabbed the attentions of the british public as both fighters went hell for leather as soon as the bell went . benn knocked eubank to the canvas during that fight , the first time eubank had ever been sent to ground during his career . however , eubank came back to defeat benn in the ninth to capture the wbo belt again before benn went on to win his next 10 fights . boxer chris eubank keeps his cool as benn confronts him ahead of one of their bouts . benn crouches low as he looks to avoid the powerful punch of eubank during their bout in birmingham . he recaptured the wbc middleweight title against mauro galvano and defended the belt three times before he was able to face eubank in the ring again . that re-match was one of the biggest boxing events ever staged in britain and was watched by almost 50,000 fans at manchester united’s old trafford stadium . but there was to be no separating the pair as the fight ended in a draw . however , many fans ringside believed benn was the victor of the fight and therefore both boxers kept their respective belts . eubank and benn look face to face following their fight as members of both sides look on in the ring . 