hull boss steve bruce has admitted his side need to pull off a couple of ' crazy results ' if they are to preserve their premier league status in a frantic end-of-season run-in . the tigers head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games and perching just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for qpr and leicester . and bruce hopes the unpredictable nature of this season 's top flight will continue into the final weeks , with the likes of liverpool , arsenal and manchester united still due to visit the kc stadium . steve bruce admitted his side need some ' crazy results ' if they 're going to avoid relegation from the league . bruce said : ' we have just witnessed over the last week all sorts of crazy results can happen and we need to make sure we get one or two of those , that 's for sure . ' we 've proved this year that we 're capable but we 're under no illusions how difficult it is going to be . it is all to play for and it is another big weekend but we have been saying that for the best part of four months . ' the way it 's gone all season i would n't be surprised if it goes right down to the wire . last week people were saying qpr and leicester were gone but all of a sudden they 've produced a result and they 're back in it again . ' hull face high-flying southampton knowing that they ca n't afford to slip up with the bottom three closing . bruce 's biggest selection dilemma for the trip to the south coast is whether to keep faith in goalkeeper allan mcgregor after a pair of high-profile blunders in recent weeks . mcgregor was at fault for the opening goal in the 3-1 defeat at swansea last week and also made a mistake in the loss to chelsea a fortnight ago , but bruce sprung to the defence of the under-fire 33-year-old . bruce said : ' when you 're a goalkeeper the one thing the premier league does is highlight mistakes and unfortunately allan will be the first to admit he has been disappointed over the last couple of weeks . allan mcgregor ( right ) could lose his place in the side after a pair of blunders in hull 's recent defeats . ' i have n't made a decision one way or the other , but allan is a very , very good goalkeeper . despite his mistakes he is still a top-class keeper . ' veteran steve harper is pushing to replace mcgregor in bruce 's starting line-up while midfielder tom huddlestone is also set to make a welcome return from suspension . however david meyler is ruled out after his red card last week , gaston ramirez is ineligible to play against his parent club and curtis davies is an injury doubt . tom huddlestone ( left ) and andrew robertson are in line to return for the tigers after suspension and injury . and bruce acknowledged his side face a major battle to boost their survival prospects against ronald koeman 's high-flying saints whom he rates as the best outside the traditional ' big guns ' . ' we will have to be somewhere near our best if we are going to get anything out of them because i rate them very highly , ' added bruce . ' they lost three or four players for big money but they have bought well . they have maintained their position at the top end of the league so fair play to ronald koeman and the way the club is run from top to bottom . '