tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz has defended himself after ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' . dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean of columbia 's faculties of health sciences and medicine . scroll down for video . ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position because he is a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' . ‘ i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves , ’ oz said in a statement released through a representative of the dr. oz show , according to usa today . columbia 's medical and health sciences center . he continued : ‘ we provide multiple points of view , including mine , which is offered without conflict of interest . that does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts . ’ dr henry miller of california 's stanford university led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter , the new york daily news reported . miller said : ' he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . ' i think i know the motivation at columbia . ' they 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ' but the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' he told cbs news that ‘ a person who endangers patients and is a menace to public health should not be on the faculty of a prestigious medical institution’ . the nine other doctors from across the country included dr joel tepper , a cancer researcher from the university of north carolina school of medicine , and dr gilbert ross of the american council on science and health in new york city . the physicians accused dr oz of pushing ' miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . the doctors wrote that oz , for years a world-class columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ' misled and endangered ' the public . from left to right , dr phil mcgraw , financial advisor suze orman , host oprah winfrey , dr mehmet oz and interior designer nate berkus participate in the oprah winfrey show live from radio city music hall in 2010 . the letter read : ' he has manifested an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . ' thus , dr oz is guilty of either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . the new york ivy league school responded thursday , issuing a statement to the associated press saying only that the school ' is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . ' dr oz first came to public attention as a frequent television guest of oprah winfrey . for the past five years , he 's been the host of the dr oz show . last year , he appeared before a us senate panel that accused him of endorsing products that were medically unsound . at the time , the doctor acknowledged some of the products he advised his viewers to use ' do n't have the scientific muster to present as fact . ' a show representative did not immediately return a call thursday from the ap seeking comment . as vice chairman of columbia 's surgery department , dr oz still occasionally teaches , said douglas levy , spokesman for the columbia university medical center . the controversy did not die down after his testimony . the company behind the '' miracle '' diet supplement in question later agreed to pay a $ 3.5 million settlement over false advertising . a study that purported to prove the product 's weight-loss benefits turned out to be based on fraudulent data and was retracted .