grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd , these two powerhouses of senegalese wrestling trade mighty blows with one another . the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ' le choc ' at demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar . after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious . scroll down for video . heavyweights : balla gaye ( left ) grapples with the bulky frame of eumeu sene at dakar 's demba diop stadium during ' le choc ' . in the zone : heavyweight balla gaye 2 arrives to a ritual before the bout - but he lost to eumeu sene in ' le choc ' yesterday . fever : supporters of balla gaye 2 dance and perform to the packed out stadium before his bruising encounter with eumeu sene . thud : a wrestler grimaces as he digs his face into the muscular shoulder of his opponent in the tussle as part of yesterday 's event . prior to the showdown event , other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats . this form of wrestling - which involves strikes - is only practised in senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled since their remarkable run at the 2002 world cup in south korea and japan . wrestling with strikes allows punches to the face or head and can end with a knockout blow . a fight typically lasts between ten seconds and four minutes . the winner is whoever puts his opponent on the ground , whether on his back , rear , stomach , or a combination of hands and knees . crash : a wrestler dumps his opponent with a full-blooded tackle on to the sand - spelling the end of the fight . power : a wrestler prepares to land a strong right hand to the head of his struggling opponent in the demba diop stadium , dakar . full blooded : wrestlers block off their opponents ' punches in a closely fought bout in yesterday 's gripping spectacle in dakar . ready : a wrestler pours a bottle of ' potion ' over himself - these include ingredients such as hair from lions and hyenas , gazelle milk and the roots of sacred and secret trees and are deemed to provide good fortune . victorious : dressed in a green loin cloth , a wrestler defeats his opponent by pushing him to the sand . wrestling 's popularity in the north-western african country make it a lucrative business . for the sport 's superstars , such as balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , the rewards can be huge with the potential to earn up to $ 200,000 per contest . in a country where unemployment is pushing 50 per cent and the average annual income is $ 980 , some see it as a way to escape poverty . star wrestlers become lords of entire districts , privileged with providing for their friends and rewarded with unflinching loyalty . their hordes of fans become the equivalent of neighborhood gangs and brawls between rivals are common in and out of the stadium . similarly to the 'weigh-in ' in boxing , tensions are inflamed at the pre-match promotion where both the competitors and their fans square up to one another in front of television cameras . a recent ' face à face ' between yékini and balla gaye 2 descended into a brawl and riot police had to break up the scuffle . jeering : a wrestler with sandy knees celebrates his victory in the demba diop arena by mocking his opponent with a big grin .