manchester city supporters sing a song with the line : ' we 're not really here . ' it sums up the approach of many of their fanbase – they have n't fully bought into the idea that city could be one of the giants of europe . celebrity fan ricky hatton wants ' the old city back ' , while rock-god city lover noel gallagher says there is ' apathy ' towards the champions league among the fans . manuel pellegrini could be worried about his position at manchester city after losing against their fierce rivals . ( left to right ) segio aguero , yaya toure and james milner look dejected as they await kick-off after a goal . boxer ricky hatton , pictured at the etihad for a press conference in 2008 , says he wants ' the old city back ' . noel gallagher says there is ' apathy ' towards the champions league among the city supporters . 5 - games lost by city in 2015 , one more than the whole of 2014 . 13 - city 's position in the premier league form table after losing four and winning two of their last six . 4 - the first time since losing 4-3 to united in 2009 that city have conceded four in the league . 9 - city have nine points fewer than they did at this stage last season . 70.8 - city 's pass completion rate percentage at old trafford was their worst of the season . one of the weirdest things i 've been hearing lately is people saying manuel pellegrini was the right man at the right time for manchester city . their logic is that his calm was needed after the roberto mancini reign ended with a fractured dressing room , and an fa cup final defeat at the hands of wigan athletic . pellegrini is calm but it was the worst kind of short-term thinking which has led to city now clinging on to fourth place . the dressing room calmed down temporarily , but he does n't have the character or gravitas to galvanise a group of players when the going gets tough . he 's punching above his weight at manchester city . city need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game . they need to fill up the half-empty glasses of the supporters at the etihad . pellegrini 's appointment would have suited those fans who resist the charge towards potential greatness . he is not a great manager . look at his record before he arrived in england . he 's done well but there is no evidence of greatness , and no suggestion of greatness to come . frank lampard applauds the travelling fans at old trafford as he leaves the pitch with goalkeeper joe hart . louis van gaal shakes hands with his opposite number pellegrini after the final whistle at old trafford . jose mourinho ? ronald koeman ? sean dyche ? not even close ... louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year . forget eden hazard and michael carrick ... the best player in the premier league this weekend was leicester 's jamie vardy . and so it has proved . the signings manchester city have made have also smacked of small-time thinking . they do n't go for the great players anymore , they 're not in that market . jesus navas is the perfect example : he is quick and that 's it . he missed a great chance at the start of the manchester derby because his end product is so poor . he cost a relatively cheap £15million , but at 29 years old ( he was signed in 2013 ) , you wonder what the logic was behind this purchase . he 's not good enough to be a regular in the starting line-up at a club with ambitions of dominating the champions league and barclays premier league . why were n't city in the market for cesc fabregas ? or diego costa ? how come they did n't sign angel di maria ? financial fair play is often used as the excuse – it 's holding city back apparently . look at united , look at chelsea – be cleverer with the spreadsheets and ffp is n't a problem . aguero and jesus navas prepare for a free-kick at old trafford as the latter struggles to inspire the side . navas is not good enough to be a regular in the starting xi at a club with ambitions of dominating europe . city opted against going in the market for players such as cesc fabregas ( left ) and angel di maria . city 's failure to make any kind of serious progress in europe reflects badly on english football , but the fault is with the club . they need to think bigger and drag themselves towards greatness . make big signings , they will improve the team , and if they arrive , they will motivate the big players already at city . yaya toure strikes me as the kind of player who will raise his game significantly if he had sami khedira alongside him , rather than fernando . the big message out of city this season has been how brilliant and shiny their new academy set-up is . and it is truly spectacular – a world-class facility . but they do n't have the team to match it and they absolutely do n't have the manager . if they choose to lose pellegrini , then they need to think big next time and go for a manager showing true potential to be great – like diego simeone or jurgen klopp . pellegrini has been accused of punching above his weight at premier league champions city . diego simeone ( left ) or jurgen klopp could be potential replacements for the city manager . carlo ancelotti is another that fits the bill if he was to leave current club real madrid at the end of the season . two managers at less fashionable clubs , trying to fight with the big boys in their domestic league and in europe . or go for greatness itself – carlo ancelotti fits the bill , and so does the man we all expected the hierarchy at city to deliver – pep guardiola . when sheik mansour arrived at manchester city he declared that he wanted the club to be winning in europe . they 're still not doing that , and it 's about time city went to the next level , for their own good , and for the good of english football . it 's like they poked their head out of united 's shadow for a few seconds and got burned by the sunshine . think big city , or forever stay small . 