lawyers for the parents of michael brown , the unarmed , black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in a st. louis suburb , announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson . attorneys for the family said in a statement wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed thursday . the lawsuit had been expected . attorneys for brown 's mother , lesley mcspadden , and his father , michael brown sr. , announced at a press conference in early march that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ' soon . ' scroll down for video . plans : lawyers for the parents of michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson . brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , darren wilson , in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 . wilson resigned in november . attorneys said at the time that the lawsuit would also name former officer darren wilson , who shot brown . the statement wednesday did not mention brown , and a spokesman for the law firm said he could not provide any additional information about the lawsuit . brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ' black lives matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities . a st. louis county grand jury and the u.s. justice department declined to prosecute wilson , who resigned in november . but the justice department last month released a scathing report citing racial bias and profiling in the ferguson police department and a profit-driven municipal court system that frequently targets black residents . several city officials resigned following the review , including the city manager , police chief and municipal judge . the municipal court clerk was fired for racist emails . attorneys for brown 's mother , lesley mcspadden , and his father , michael brown sr. , announced at a press conference in early march that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ' soon ' . brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ' black lives matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .  