do you want to live like hip hop mogul lucious lyon from the hit show ' empire ' ? if you have the bank balance of a mogul you could splash out on the house used for location shoots in the fox show , which is filmed in the chicago area . the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . scroll down for video . fit for a mogul - the enormous mansion serves as the backdrop to the hit show empire . it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . the sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom french country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 . it took five years to build the enormous mansion , with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008 . this lengthy building period was partly due to the huge amount of custom woodwork and ornamentation in the house . the show centers on lucious lyon , played by terence howard , deciding which of his three sons will take over his company , empire entertainment . for the show , the interiors are staged often to look more dramatic than the house does in real life . the mansion even has an owner worthy of empire , in strip club owner sam cecola , according to curbed . cecola owns the admiral theater strip club in albany park , illinois , and previously owned the club paradise strip club in las vegas . he had to relinquish ownership of the las vegas property due to legal problems involving tax fraud and alleged connections to organized crime . as in the show , the stately living room features a grand piano . the house is as opulent in real life as it is in the show and has a lot of room for entertaining . the house includes a wet bar , walnut-paneled library , huge gourmet kitchen and a built-in safe and state-of-the-art security system . outside there is a dog run , an outdoor pool , outdoor fireplace and a pond , as well as extensive waterfront views . a full bar opens out onto a terrace and the garden on the lower level . a light bright dining room just off the grand hallway . in the show , luscious lyon , played by terence howard , has been diagnosed with als and is trying to determine which of his three sons will succeed him and run his entertainment business . his outspoken ex-wife , cookie , played by taraji p. henson , is fresh out of prison after 17 years for drug dealing and is also demanding her share of the business . the bedrooms are simply and elegantly decorated in a tasteful color palette . in the show , lucious ' daughter lola has a bedroom fit for a princess . the formal walnut-paneled study is deeply masculine and worthy of an industry mogul . lucious ' study on the show is darker and more dramatic . 