harry kane and eden harzard lead the nominations as the professional footballers ' association announce their six-man shortlist for young player of the year . goalkeepers thibaut courtois and david de gea and liverpool midfielders raheem sterling and philippe coutinho complete the list of players - all aged 23 or under at the start of this season . the winners , voted for by their fellow professionals , will be announced at the awards ceremony in central london on april 26 . harry kane has scored 19 league goals this season and has been nominated for pfa young player of the year . last year 's winner eden hazard has been nominated for the award again after impressing for chelsea . manchester united goalkeeper david de gea has been in fantastic form for louis van gaal 's side this season . click here to find out which six players have been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . tottenham striker kane has proved a revelation this season and has netted 30 goals in all competitions for club and country this season . the 21-year-old 's form for spurs has earned him international recognition and the forward scored just 79 seconds into his england debut against lithuania last month . last year 's winner hazard has played an instrumental role for premier league leaders chelsea this term and has scored 17 goals in all competitions for the blues . meanwhile no player has typified liverpool 's resurgence this season more than philippe coutinho . the brazilian playmaker has been in inspired form for the reds in the second half of the season . raheem sterling is liverpool 's leading goalscorer in the premier league this season with seven . thibaut courtois has been superb for chelsea during his first season in the premier league . playmaker philippe coutinho has been liverpool 's standout performer during second half of the season . sterling , who has been caught up in controversy in recent days , has also been one of liverpool 's outstanding performers this season and is the club 's leading scorer in the premier league . de gea and courtois have earned many plaudits for their heroics in goal for respective clubs manchester united and chelsea this season . de gea 's performances for louis van gaal 's side have led him to be linked with a move to real madrid , while courtois has kept the experienced petr cech on the bench for most of the season .