one of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in england beating most of the mediterranean . and keep those sunglasses at the ready – the sunshine is forecast to last until the middle of next week . the mercury is expected to reach 25c ( 77f ) in the south east today . this will beat marseille at 22c ( 72f ) , athens at 21c ( 70f ) , rome at 19c ( 66f ) and madrid at 18c ( 64f ) . temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week . scroll down for videos . messing about in boats : young women on a pedalo yesterday in the serpentine , which runs through hyde park in central london . celebration : sisters isabella and lola ward play in a tulip field near king 's lynn in norfolk during the sunshine . laid-back : londoners in st james 's park lying down and sunbathing as the heatwave continued . fun in the sun : a woman is pictured enjoying the fine weather in st james park in central london as temperatures climbed to more than 22c . faiza humayra , 10 , from london ( in pink ) and her friend play on one of the fountains in trafalgar square in central london yesterday afternoon . soaking up the rays : three teenagers on the beach at southsea , hampshire , with temperatures set to reach a record for this year so far . jog : a young woman running through regent 's park and enjoying the heat . at ease : a woman strips off to take full advantage of the sunshine in hyde park . it will be chillier at night , with parts of the north dipping to 2c ( 36f ) tonight with the threat of frost . the maximum temperature recorded by the met office yesterday was 22.7c ( 72.9f ) in st james 's park in central london . meanwhile 22.6c ( 72.7f ) was seen at shoeburyness in essex and 22.4c ( 72.3f ) at manston , kent . the hottest day of the year before tuesday was last friday , when a high of 21.9c ( 71.4f ) was recorded in london . the south east and london were considerably hotter than the rest of the uk , with temperatures peaking around 18c ( 64.4f ) in the midlands . similar temperatures were observed in the north , while most of scotland , wales and northern ireland was no warmer than 14c ( 57.2f ) . flowers : two-year-old abi jones running in a meadow of tulips at cardiff 's cathays park . beside the seaside : the beach at southsea had dozens of people leaning against the sea wall enjoying the sunshine . friends : three young women taking a selfie on southsea common as they sat on a picnic blanket . posing : a man takes a photograph on the beach at southsea during the heatwave yesterday . while the record temperatures are only going to last two days , the weather is expected to remain warmer than the average april high of 14.2c ( 57.6f ) . ' it is staying sunny and getting warmer , so it will be a good week , ' said met office forecaster nicola maxey . ' there will be plenty of sunshine around and it looks like we will see the warmest day of the year so far . ' in some places temperatures will be double the average for this time of year tomorrow . ' we could see some cooler air coming in on thursday , but it will stay settled and temperatures will still be above average . ' drifting off : a young woman rests in regent 's park and enjoys the sunshine . boating : a couple take a paddle boat out on the water in regent 's park . chilled : londoners by the regent 's canal taking advantage of record temperatures . leisure : flying kites on the beach at frinton-on-sea , essex , yesterday . splash ! youngsters max , arran and harry brave the english channel on southsea beach . at britain 's last remaining tulip farm , the flowers were thriving in the warm conditions after blooming late because of the relatively cold spring . farmer mark eves , of belmont nurseries near king 's lynn in norfolk , said : ' we are having a later spring this year . ' the tulip crop is around two to three weeks behind . ' we have had some warm and bright days but the nights have been cold and the average soil temperature has been very low . ' it looks like a promising crop , the plant health is good and the flowers are a good colour . ' picturesque : isabella and lola ward surrounded by colourful flowers at belmont nurseries in norfolk . thriving : the tulip fields are thriving in the sunshine as the warm april conditions continue . peaceful : two sunbathers on the beach at portsmouth in conditions reminiscent of summer . treat : beach goers bought ice creams to help them cool down in the heat . the farm has been in operation for 15 years after peter ward , mr eves 's father-in-law , decided he could grow tulips as well as the dutch . those enjoying the top temperatures have been warned to stock up on suncream , as spring sunshine can be deceptively dangerous . jim bacon of weatherquest said : ' the sun has got a lot of strength in it . ' think that towards the end of april you 're the same distance away from mid-summer as you are at the end of august . ' you should n't be surprised if you get sunburnt in april . ' and fire brigades say there is an elevated risk of dry weather and outdoor barbecues creating the conditions for countryside blazes . blossom : flowering trees in a park in cambridge as britain basked in sunshine yesterday . carefree : young women cycling through central cambridge in the warm sunshine . out in force : cyclists in cambridge taking advantage of the sunny conditions yesterday . crossing : the isle of wight to portsmouth ferry emerges from the fog as it makes its way across the solent . stunning sight : a fog bank passes over kingswear in devon . oxfordshire fire and rescue service issued a warning after a gas-powered barbecue caught fire in the county . and the devon and cornwall fire brigade drew attention to the dangers of children playing with matches outside . britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records . the record for the hottest day ever in the uk was set more than a decade ago in august 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1c ( 101f ) in gravesend , kent . coral’s price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1 , while ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever . wednesday warmth : most of england and wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24c later this week . hot day : these graphics show the cloud coverage and temperatures today , with the south east expected to have the best weather . arriving : the predicted hot weather this week is the result of a plume of warm air heading towards the uk from the south west . there has been a surge in bets after the recent warm weather , and william hill has 8/1 odds that the temperature will exceed 100f ( 37.8c ) this year . ladbrokes is also offering 8/1 that the april record of 29.4c ( 84.9f ) set in 1949 in camden , north london , will be broken by the end of the month . met office spokesman laura young said : ‘ we are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days . ' unless you are in north-west scotland , which will see quite a lot of rain , it will be dry and sunny . ' wednesday will be 22c to 25c ( 72f to 77f ) or higher in places . thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens . ‘ there is a cold air mass arriving on thursday night but it is expected to stay dry well into next week . after that we can be less certain . ’ warming up : joggers and commuters on the millennium bridge in london yesterday , on what was the warmest day of the year . spring : hms belfast pictured in front of tower bridge this morning as london was set to see highs of 24c ( 75f ) . sunrise : the scene at gravesend sailing club yesterday as the rising sun reflected off the thames estuary . morning : the tanker futura making its way up the thames as the sun rose over gravesend . the spell of warm weather , which has now lasted more than a week , has seen people flocking to the nation’s beaches . among them were swimmers in the south west who were stunned to see giant jellyfish in the waters . the met office three-month contingency forecast for public officials predicts that there is an average chance of a warmer than usual summer . but thankfully the chances of it being much colder than usual is just 10 per cent . a spokesman said : ‘ unfortunately , the weather we get in april doesn’t necessarily tell us anything about the kind of summer we can expect . 'we’re still in the midst of spring , so it’s far too early to say what the months of june , july and august may hold . ’ giant jellyfish are being spotted off britain earlier than normal thanks to the warm weather , it was claimed yesterday . kayaker rupert kirkwood , a seasoned sea watcher , was stunned to see the giant creatures off hope cove in devon . the barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to 6ft long , were pictured floating next to mr kirkwood’s kayak in the sun-drenched blue waters . up close : rupert kirkwood 's son henry had this encounter with a barrel jellyfish near hope cove off the coast of south devon . the species are usually found in more tropical areas such as the mediterranean sea . but the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant more plankton is available - and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . the dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . floating : the dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . the red cross says that anyone who does get stung should not try to use urine to provide relief as the healing properties of this are an urban myth . vinegar is said to be far more effective . vet mr kirkwood said : ‘ no doubt they [ are ] encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . ‘ i have never seen them so early in the year . could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . ’