he is known for being meticulous in his preparations for major tennis tournaments . but when it comes to the biggest event in his life , andy murray is happy to take a back seat . the 2013 wimbledon champion and olympic gold medalist has revealed he has left the vast majority of planning next week 's wedding to his fiancée , kim sears . scroll down for video . murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week - he is pictured as best man at brother jamie 's wedding to alejandra gutierrez at the cromlix house hotel in 2010 . murray was presented with a cake to mark his 500th atp tour victory cake in miami this week - for his wedding he has said he was involved in the cake tasting , but has left the majority to his fiancee . miss sears , 27 , pictured in miami , has been been entrusted with planning the pair 's wedding next week . murray and miss sears , both 27 , will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral next week , and the tennis star has admitted he ' could n't care less ' about the finer details of the day saying ' i try to stay out of all that sort of stuff ' . however murray , a self-confessed foodie , will have some input for the wedding as he has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions . in an american interview , the 2012 us open winner , said : ' i think in a lot of cases it 's just better to let the woman have it how she would like . ' in terms of flowers and colour schemes and those sorts of things , i could n't really care less about that , to be honest . ' the only thing i wanted to do was to be involved with the food . because i like my food - i like good food . ' i went along and did the food tasting , and i also did the cake tasting as well . so that would be the thing that i would say i have been most involved in . ' he added : ' the music is something we chat about together as well . ' miss sears is in charge of colours schemes and flowers as murray admits ' he could n't care less about that ' . the 27-year-old has been a permanent fixture at the court side since she and murray started dating in 2005 . sussex-born miss sears , who is the daughter of former lawn tennis association head of women 's tennis nigel sears , met murray at the us open in 2005 . the couple have dated since they met in 2005 . murray and miss sears , who have been together for a decade , will wed at the 1000-year old dunblane cathedral and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his cromlix house hotel , near the perthshire town where he grew up . the 12th century cathedral is much larger than the chapel in the grounds of cromlix , which seats only 28 . murray purchased the 15-bedroom country home for £1.8m in 2013 . thousands are expected to line the streets of dunblane on the day to celebrate the wedding of their most famous son . murray attended the primary school in 1996 when gunman thomas hamilton killed sixteen children and one teacher in the dunblane massacre . murray 's uncle niall erskine said : ' i 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of dunblane in the past . ' andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to dunblane . i 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day . ' the cathedral 's minister , the rev colin renwick , added : ' there is excitement because there is a great deal of affection for andy in dunblane and a great deal of pride in him . i think people are genuinely very pleased for him . ' tom casey , chair of discover dunblane , the organisation which represents the town 's traders , said the couple would be ' dunblane 's royalty ' . he said : ' a number of shops will be doing individual things to mark the event as they normally do when andy is playing tennis . ' as a town , we are going to put up some bunting and wedding bows along the high street and decorate the shops with messages . ' of course we will be making extra efforts to celebrate the wedding of dunblane 's most famous son of modern sense . he is our royalty . ' but it is also important we respect the family 's wishes . ' next week 's ceremony will take place at the 12th century dunblane cathedral ( pictured ) . the reception will then be at cromlix house ( pictured ) , the five-star 15-bedroom country hotel murray bought for £1.8million two years ago . the couple announced their engagement in november last year . breaking with tradition , murray will have three best men at his wedding , his brother jamie , close friend and tennis player ross hutchins ( who recovered from cancer to return to tennis ) and former training partner carlos mier . it is believed miss sears will have four bridesmaids . murray said : ' the thing for me is it 's double standards in a way with the guys and girls because kim has four bridesmaids and i was saying well , `` why is that fine for you ? '' ' imagine you had to pick one of your four best friends which you 've had since you were at school . it 's very difficult to chose one . ' she was like , `` come on , come on , pick one '' . i said , `` no , it 's difficult , so i think i 'm going to have two for sure possibly a third if he can come ' . `` murray has previously played best man at jamie 's wedding when he married alejandra gutierrez at cromlix house in 2010 , and when ross hutchins tied the knot with lindsay wood last year . the tennis star roars in celebration after defeating tomas berdych in the miami open semi final yesterday . in previous interviews on the subject , murray has said he is not fazed by the prospect of marriage . ' kim and i had spoken about getting married a lot for the past couple of years but , if you go back a couple of years , we were still only 25 . ' we 've been together since we were 18 . because we were so young when we started - and we do spend a lot of time apart - it just felt like the right time for both of us . ' sussex-born miss sears , who is the daughter of former lawn tennis association head of women 's tennis nigel sears , met murray at the us open in 2005 . she was once described by future mother-in-law judy murray as ' the best thing to happen to andy ' . they split briefly in 2009 , before rekindling their relationship . the couple live in surrey with their two border terriers , maggie and rusty . back on the court , murray will face world number one novak djokovic in the final of the miami open tomorrow . third seed murray beat czech eighth seed tomas berdych 6-4 6-4 yesterday to reach the final for a fourth time .