real madrid and atletico will both be missing one player each in the second leg of their champions league quarter final next week . marcelo and mario suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon and due to accumulation of yellow cards will not be present during the return at the santiago bernabeu . neither player were happy with referee milorad mazic , both feeling that their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished with a card . atletico madrid midfielder mario suarez ( right ) will miss next week 's second leg against real madrid . suarez has blasted the performance of referee milorad mazic after being booked on tuesday night . suarez expressed his frustration after the game , saying on spanish tv : ' the referee is very bad . they ca n't use a serbian referee for these type of games , with all my respect . ' i hope that in the return leg they pick a better referee . ' his comment could result in matches being added to his one-game suspension . the midfielder published a statement on twitter after the game , reading : ' i 'd like to apologise if anyone has been offended by my words after the game , it was not my intention . ' i meant to say that games of this magnitude should be given to a referee from one of the big leagues . nothing more , we all make mistakes . lets keep working . # aupaatleti . ' ancelotti did not agree with the atletico madrid man . he said : ' for me , the referee had a good game , it was a difficult match [ to control ] . ' marcelo ( right ) , pictured complaining after being booked , will also miss the second leg at the bernabeu . mario mandzukic makes a point to referee mazic after being cut by an elbow from sergio ramos . there could be worse to follow for madrid too , with dani carvajal at risk of being given a suspension for punching mario mandzukic . the los blancos right-back was frustrated with the croatian 's physicality and thew a fist at the striker 's chest . both managers claimed in their post-match press conferences that they had not seen the incident . fabio coentrao is likely to replace marcelo at left-back in the second leg , while atletico have several players who can fill in for suarez , with tiago mendes the most likely . real madrid defender dani carvajal appears to punch mandzukic in the ribs at the vicente calderon . 