this is the moment a paedophile was caught by police after grooming a girl he believed to be 14 on the internet . asylum seeker jafar adeli , who is of afghani origin , was snared by a paedophile vigilante group called letzgo hunting . married adeli , 32 , arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself . asylum seeker jafar adeli who was arrested at a bus station in leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex . adeli had been duped by paedophile vigilante group letzgo hunting and police were waiting to arrest him when he turned up at the bus station . the vigilante group filmed the meeting , which showed adeli putting his head in his hands when he realised he had been tricked . adeli agreed to pay for ' amy 's ' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from hinckley , leicestershire , to leicester , where they had arranged to meet . when he arrived , he had three condoms in his pocket . but instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl , adeli was confronted by police who arrested him immediately while the vigilante group filmed his reaction . the video of his arrest on december 10 has been posted on facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times . in the footage , adeli is asked to show his identification to police as he looks up at the officer in disbelief . he pauses before telling officers his name . the officer says : ' i am arresting you on arranging and facilitating child sex offences . ' adeli bows his head and puts his hands over his face before he is led away by police . on wednesday adeli was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court after he admitted attempting to meet a girl under 16 after grooming her online . ' amy ' was in fact a vigilante named john who was pretending to be a young girl . alan murphy , prosecuting , told the court : ' the man , john , acts as a self-appointed paedophile hunter carrying out covert internet investigations , trying to identify and expose those who would prey on children using the internet . ' he and colleagues used to film such confrontations and put them on the internet , but now they 've changed their way of handling matters and contact the police when there 's been a meeting arranged . ' mr murphy said the vigilante had set up a bogus online profile in december claiming to belong to a girl called amy from hinckley . within days , adeli had made contact and the pair started talking online and exchanged texts and images on their mobiles . the court was told that adeli had thought he had been chatting to a schoolgirl named amy , when in fact he had been talking to a member of letzgo hunting called john . yesterday he was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court after admitting attempting to meet a girl under 16 for grooming . although amy 's profile said she was 18 , mr murphy said that during the conversations the man who was posing as amy made it clear that she was in fact 14 . adeli claimed to be 28 . during the online chats , ' amy ' said : ' sorry , you 're too old for me . ' the prosecutor said adeli replied : ' i know , but we can be friends and talk . ' mr murphy added : ' the conversation became sexual , with the defendant leading the way . he asked if she would perform sex acts upon him , suggesting it in the most explicit terms . they made arrangements to meet after two days . ' navinder sekhon , defending , described the meeting as a ' preparatory offence and not a completed one ' and said that adeli felt 'deep-seated remorse ' . mr sekhon told the court that adeli cared for his sick wife and ' wishes to be reunited with her ' . adeli , who has lodged an appeal to remain in the uk , was placed on a ten-year sexual offences prevention order . judge philip head , sentencing said : ' it was your intention to have full sexual activity with someone you believed to be 14 and something you know to be a crime in this country . ' you were grooming this person for sexual activity . ' the letzgo hunting group has caught dozens of paedophiles by posing as young girls online , arranging meetings and then alerting the police . in court mr murphy said it had been ' made clear ' that the police did n't support the group 's actions but once they had been given information about an offence they had to investigate it . adeli has lodged an appeal to remain in the uk and was also placed on a 10 year sexual offences prevention order . 