from tackling isis to fighting in the ukraine , these fascinating images show some of the women serving on the front line . the photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world , including in syria , pakistan and north korea . one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq ( voice of rights ) battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo . another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river , near the town of sinuiju , close to the border with china . pro-russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn donetsk . the images include a shot of us army soldier ssg norma gonzales of 426 civil affairs battalion waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in kandahar , southern afghanistan . scroll down for video . ready for battle : female members of the sawt al-haq ( voice of rights ) battalion of the free syrian army stand with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo in 2013 . on patrol : female north korean soldiers are pictured along the banks of yalu river , near the north korean town of sinuiju , opposite the chinese border city of dandong . pro-russian rebels stand near a monument during a ceremony to honour the world war two defenders of donetsk from nazi forces . the picture was taken in donetsk , ukraine in september last year . us army soldier ssg norma gonzales of 426 civil affairs battalion reads a magazine while waiting to be transported by helicopter to a base in kandahar , southern afghanistan in 2012 . a syrian palestinian woman known only as ' guevara ' - married to an al wa'ad battalion commander - is pictured holding her gun and walking through the ruins of a street in the city of aleppo , syria . in training : an israeli soldier of the caracal battalion stands next to backpacks after finishing a 20-kilometre march in israel 's negev desert , near kibbutz sde boker in may last year . line of fire : a female member of the ' mother aisha ' battalion , an all-female rebel group in syria , receives instruction as she holds a rifle during military training in aleppo 's salaheddine district . taking flight : ayesha farooq , 26 , pakistan 's only female war-ready fighter pilot , climbs up to a chinese-made f-7pg fighter jet at mushaf base in sargodha , north pakistan . armed : former petrol station worker irina became a member of a reconnaissance team of pro-russian rebels in the town of makievka , eastern ukraine . she is pictured holding a gun in october last year . weapons inspection : a kurdish female fighter from kurdish people 's protection units ( ypg ) checks her gun near ras al-ain , in the province of hasakah , syria , after capturing the city from islamist rebels in 2013 . tender touch : um jaafar , a woman fighter in the free syrian army , sits with her husband abu jaafar , a sawt al-haq ( voice of rights ) battalion commander , and her daughter faten at their home in aleppo . on the march : members of the jordanian police women 's team attend the 7th annual warrior competition at the king abdullah special operations training center in amman , the country 's capital on wednesday . protection : a member of a female commando battalion - part of the syrian army - attaches her headgear in the government-controlled area of jobar , a suburb of the capital damascus in march . on guard : members of the palestinian security forces stand at attention and listen to their commanding officer ( third right ) at their training facility in the west bank town of jericho . a female pro-russian rebel stands on a truck as she prepares to take position near the sergey prokofiev international airport during fighting with ukrainian government forces in the town of donetsk , eastern ukraine in october 2014 . kurdish peshmerga female fighters take part in combat skills training before deploying to fight the islamic state at their military camp in sulaimaniya , northern iraq in september last year .