a man has been charged after he allegedly held a woman hostage at knifepoint for more than seven hours in a central melbourne restaurant . victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . mr desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . the man , of no fixed address , faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning . scroll down for video . victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan ( pictured on a stretched ) following a 7.5 hour siege . a woman has emerged from a melbourne restaurant where she was held hostage for more than seven hours . victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . the siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man . the 27-year-old female employee held in the restaurant emerged with police shortly afterward . police said the man was a ' disgruntled ' former employee of the restaurant who allegedly entered a restaurant storeroom armed with a knife . other restaurant staff members who saw the knife evacuated customers before calling police , abc reported . nearby areas were evacuated , and a police cordon was set up while specialist officers negotiated with the man . last night , a police spokeswoman said the critical incident response team were on site negotiating with the man . ' the restaurant and surrounding areas have been evacuated and police are negotiating with the man , ' the spokeswoman told daily mail australia . pictures from the scene show the area on the yarra river cordoned off by blue and white police tape as officers look ready to response . pictures show police have closed off 50 metres of the riverfront to pedestrians and they have evacuated the area . witnesses said police descended on the scene about 10.40pm armed with shields . police descended on the scene about 10.40pm armed with shields , witnesses told news.com.au . it came as up to 10 police cars pulled up near eureka tower along with closing off 50 metres of the riverfront to pedestrians . a woman who lives in the area said the scene felt like ' a movie ' . ' we were walking home and we saw the cops and we wondered what happened , ' cristina grimaldi told news corp . ' it is the first time we have seen so many police . '