a new york college has provoked anger after postponing its screening of movie american sniper in response to complaints from muslim students . the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . bradley cooper in his oscar nominated role as chris kyle , the most deadly sniper in us military history . the rensselaer polytechnic institute ( pictured ) in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday . the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students . however they appear to have done just the opposite . following complaints from the rpi’s muslim students’ association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech , fox news reported . while the film grossed a total of $ 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of iraqis . a statement from the university explained the aim of the screening , coupled with the now scheduled educational forum , was to allow students in the campus community to ‘ participate in an intellectual discourse about the film and current world events’ . american sniper , a film by clint eastwood about us navy seal sharp-shooter chris kyle the most deadly sniper in us history , has courted controversy since it was first shown in the us in november . while the film grossed an international total of $ 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of iraqis . it was also accused of stoking racial hatred after screenings of the film led to a rise in threats against americans of middle eastern origin and even some attacks on muslims outside movie theaters . earlier this month the university of michigan flip-flopped over whether or not it would show the film on its campus . the college pulled a screening over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus . the school released statement saying the decision to cancel had not been consistent with the high value it placed on freedom of expression . navy seal and iraq war veteran chris kyle , depicted in the film , was killed at a shooting range in texas . the school 's vice president for student life , e. royster harper , acknowledged that it was ‘ a mistake’ to call off the screening . ‘ the movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location , ’ harper’s statement read . ‘ we recognize , however , that some students are uncomfortable with the content of the movie , and appreciate that concern . ’ an alternative screening of the paddington bear movie was offered to those students who did not want to watch the american sniper . earlier this month the university of michigan ( pictured ) flip-flopped over whether or not it would show the film on its campus . 