nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . in an open letter to kidman , the president of the association of professional flight attendants , laura glading , wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the australian oscar winner 's role as a united nations women 's goodwill ambassador . etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities . scroll down for video . nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . the union has waged a public campaign against etihad and other united arab emirates airlines claiming they ' are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees ' . ' last month , on march 8 , international women 's day , you said , `` i envisage a world where all women and girls have equal opportunities and rights ... now is the time to step it up '' , ' glading wrote in the letter to kidman . ' later that very same week , we saw that you had begun appearing in a new campaign for etihad , a company that the wall street journal has publicly reported `` may fire women if they become pregnant '' and forces flight attendants to live in `` confinement ' in secure compounds '' . the association of professional flight attendants argues the etihad deal was at odds with kidman 's role as a united nations women 's goodwill ambassador . the australian oscar winning actress stars in etihad 's new ' hollywood glamour ' global brand campaign . ' these are the types of conditions that apfa fought to eradicate decades ago in the united states . ' kidman stars in etihad 's new ' hollywood glamour ' global brand campaign . etihad premiered a new tv commercial last month starring and narrated by kidman , which was shot onboard the airline 's new flagship a380 plane . ' at etihad airways , we have become a global , award-winning employer because we value our employees and we treat them with dignity and respect , ' an etihad spokesperson told aap . etihad says it fully supports its cabin crew during and after pregnancies . etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities . etihad premiered a new tv commercial last month starring and narrated by kidman , which was shot onboard the airline 's new flagship a380 plane . when a cabin crew member informs etihad of a pregnancy she is provided with appropriate ground duties for the duration of the pregnancy , remains fully compensated and engaged on the ground and is entitled to paid maternity leave if more than one year 's service is completed , according to the airline . ' our cabin crew are then able to return to their flying role at the end of their maternity leave period , ' the spokesperson said . ' the health and safety of our cabin crew remains paramount . therefore , we follow the gcaa ( general civil aviation authority ) requirement that crew do not continue to fly while pregnant . ' kidman has been contacted for comment . etihad says it fully supports its cabin crew during and after pregnancies after the union cited news reports suggesting the airline may fire women if they become pregnant .