the desperate parents of a boy whose head hangs at a 180-degree angle have admitted they would rather he died than continue to suffer . mahendra ahirwar , 12 , from madhya pradesh in central india , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . mahendra can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet . undiagnosed : mahendra ahirwar 's parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now . mahendra 's mother sumitra ahirwar , pictured here with her son , says watching his life is ' devastating ' . his father mukesh ahirwar , 40 , and mother sumitra ahirwar , 35 , who both work as labourers when they can , say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition . ‘ i can not see him suffer anymore , ' said sumitra . ' watching his life is devastating . ' he can not do anything by himself . he just sits in a corner of the room all day . it 's no life . ' she added : ' i have to carry him like a baby everywhere but he is 12 years old , how will i carry him when he grows even older ? ' ‘ if doctors can not treat my son it is better that god takes him . ’ shockingly , members of the community have blamed mahendra 's condition on mukesh 's past sins and believe he is to blame for his son 's disability . sumitra , who also has healthy 16 and 10-year-old sons and a 14-year-old daughter , did not visit a doctor when she was pregnant with mahendra . family : mahendra pictured with his mother sumitra ( left ) , sister manisha ( second from left ) , and brothers surendra ( second from right ) and lalit ( right ) . mukesh ( pictured left carrying his son ) has borrowed money from friends and relatives to help find medical treatment for mahendra ( left and right ) . mukesh said : ‘ our other children had all been born normally with no problems so we never thought to consult a doctor or have an ultrasound done with mahendra , and he was born at home just like his siblings . ' the couple only noticed their son’s head was starting to hang when he was about six months old . ' at first we thought he was just a little weak and he 'd be fine in time , but by his third birthday he was n't able to keep his head upright at all , ' his father explained . mukesh , who earns about rs200 ( £2 ) a day on construction sites , has borrowed money from his friends and relatives to help find medical treatment for his son . but he said two years ago he decided to stop taking mahendra to see any doctors , adding : ' i took him to all the hospitals that i could afford . ' even india 's premier hospital , all india institute of medical sciences in new delhi , but after spending two weeks there doctors failed to tell us if my son could be treated . ‘ with a broken heart we returned home and decided to raise him and try to give him as comfortable a life that we can . ' mahendra pictured with his father mukesh ( left ) , mother sumitra ( seated ) and brothers lalit ( centre ) and surendra ( second from left ) . sumitra has now lost all hope of a treatment being found for her son and says : ' if doctors can not treat my son it is better that god takes him ' . mukesh added : ' people say bad things about him , and they often laugh at him . it really hurts us . ' we can not tolerate people 's attitudes and discrimination . they say i must have committed some terrible sins and this is why he is suffering , it’s awful . ' mahendra does n't go to school so his only friends are his siblings and his cousins . dr shashidhar tatavarthy , an ear , nose and throat consultant at delhi 's artemis hospital , thinks mahendra has a muscular disorder . he said : ‘ this is one of the rarest of rare cases . his condition could be due to a spine anomaly or muscular disorder , but it can only be concluded after a thorough investigation . ' mukesh is still hoping for a miracle . ' if doctors can treat babies born with severe disabilities like two heads and give them lifesaving operations then why not my son ? ' he said . ' i still have so many hopes and dreams for him . i want to see him go to school and play with other kids . i want to see him living a normal life and i am hoping that my wish will be fulfilled one day . '