the cost of a daily lunchtime takeaway can be crippling and yet instead of making lunches at home the majority of british workers still pop to the high street to grab their midday meal . the ' meal deal ' ( which is not always a meal , or a deal ) has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches , slimy salads and salty soups , spending an average of £1,840 a year . but we could save up to £1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home . cheese , crackers and charcuterie is a simple and delicious lunch which can be easily assembled in the office . food website food52 's ' not sad desk lunch ' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy , cost-effective , and delicious lunches to work . these incredibly detailed ideas and recipes show how to make everything from easy-to-assemble options such cheese and crackers , to more complicated steamed chinese buns , and vietnamese banh mi sandwiches . each recipe on food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals ' both interesting and pretty . ' if you 're after something simple , cheese , crackers and charcuterie will do the job . simply choose your favourites , assemble and eat ; and if you 're vegetarian , swap meat for pickled vegetables and you 're good to go . make something complicated like stuffed dumplings ( left ) or keep it simple with a toast tartine ( right ) . hannah petertil has some inspired combinations which include cheddar , apple , and bacon jam ; mozzarella and prosciuotto or manchego and dried apricots . keeping with the theme , you could also use the handy cracker to spread a variety of toppings . make a greek salad cracker with cucumber , olive tapenade and feta ; a hummus cracker with roasted red pepper on top ; pesto crackers with thinly sliced prosciutto ; or smashed avocado crackers . do n't feel like spreading ? dip instead ; simply decant your spreads into containers and away you go . workers could save up to £1,300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home instead of buying pre-packed sandwiches and snacks from shops , research by vouchercloud.com revealed . more than 60 per cent of britons who buy their lunches out spend an average of £1,840 a year , based on 46 working weeks , the research reveals . in comparison , those who prepare food at home spend just £552 over the same period - a saving of a whopping £1,288 . the startling difference came to light following a poll of adults across the uk , which found that a fifth of britons choose to purchase their work-time lunches as opposed to making them at home . pita bread is also another wonderful lunchtime option and can be stuffed with any number of fillings , from hard boiled eggs , smoked meat and charred vegetables . experiment with flavour combinations ; stay mediterranean with aubergine with chickpeas and coriander or keep it british with thinly sliced roast chicken , crisp lettuce and sweet baby tomatoes . remember , anything you can put into a sandwich can be stuffed into a pita . still sound too complicated ? try turning toast into a tartine . spread with butter or mayonnaise and top with thinly sliced vegetables ( radish and chicory , dressed lightly in lemon juice and olive oil work really well against crisp , hot toast ) or layer slices of ham , chopped up dates and a salty cheese to make something a bit more glamorous . the site also has more complicated options for those who have time on their hands and want to experiment . steamed pork buns , which are traditionally eaten as a breakfast food in china are self-contained dough parcels which can be filled ( bao ) or unfilled ( mantou ) . jenny xu from food52 writes : ' your first option is to go with the basic , unfilled mantou dough , then customise it to your heart 's content . ' steamed chinese buns ( bao ) are usually stuffed with meats such as roast pork and stir-fried mushrooms . you can stuff your bun with anything you like including pork , vegetables and even mushrooms , before you steam them . freeze after steaming to keep them fresh and warm them in the office microwave . looking for something even more exotic ? author of the banh mi handbook andrea nguyen has a brilliant vietnamese sandwich recipe which should satisfy the fussiest of lunchtime eaters . banh mi rolls are the vietnamese take on the baguette and typically contain asian fillings such as pickled vegetables , chillies and coriander as well as roast meats . the bread is usually scooped out so that it resembles a cradle which your fillings can be placed in . to make sure your sandwich does n't go soggy , pack your vegetables separately and assemble when you get to the office . buns or banh mi not doing it for you ? stuff some dumplings instead . ' the best part about dumplings is that you can use anything to make fillings . i tend to lean towards two of my favorites : pork and chives for my meat option , and chives , egg , and vermicelli for my vegetarian option -- but these are only two out of numerous recipes out there , ' betty liu of food52 writes . greek salad cracker with cucumber , olive tapenade and feta ( left ) . pita bread with eggs and vegetables ( right ) .  feta , vegetable and rice bake . ingredients . 400g easy cook rice : 89p per kg . one courgette : 89p per 500g . one pepper : 49p each . 200g cherry tomatoes : 65p per 300g . 45g solesta pitted black olives : 45p per 230g . 200g pack feta cheese : 89p per 200g . store cupboard essentials : red onion , eggs , dried basil , olive oil and salt and black pepper . total : £4.89 . method : pre-heat the oven to gas mark 5 . cook the rice as per instructions on the pack and allow to cool a little . peel the red onion and chop into medium size chunks . chop the courgette and the pepper to the same size as the onions and courgette . halve the cherry tomatoes . chop the feta into chunks the same size as the vegetables . mix all the above along with the olives in a bowl with the olive oil and the basil . beat the eggs , add the grated parmesan cheese and mix with the rice . grease the dish with some olive oil , spread the rice mixture over the base and up the sides of the dish . pour the vegetable mix in the centre . bake in the oven for 40 minutes . cut into slices or quarters and serve . crispy mash hash . ingredients . 150g frozen chopped onions : £1.50 . four teaspoons frozen chopped garlic : £1.25 . two tablespoons frozen parsley : £1.25 . 700g frozen mashed potato : £1 . store cupboard essential : olive oil . total cost : £5 . method : heat the oil in a large non-stick frying pan , add the onions and garlic , and cook over a low heat for three minutes . turn the heat up a little , add the mashed potato and cook for 10 minutes , turning occasionally until crisped up around the edges . season with black pepper , scatter over the parsley and serve . pea and ham frittata . ingredients . frozen peas , 1 kilo bag : £0.98 . onion : £0.11 . courgette : £0.41 . 70g pack wafer thin ham : £0.75 . six eggs : £0.89 . smart price salad bag : £0.44 . bag of four jacket potatoes : £0.98 . store cupboard essential : sunflower oil . total cost : £4.06 . method : cook the peas on a pan . heat the oil in a non-stick pan and cook the onion and courgette for about five minutes , stirring often . add the peas and ham and stir . lightly beat the eggs , season and pour into the pan . cook over a low heat for 20 minutes or until the egg is almost set . finish your dish under the grill to set the egg , then cut into wedges . serve with salad and jacket potatoes . spring chicken casserole . ingredients . chicken thighs : £2.50 for 1lb . loose brown onions : £0.16 . loose courgettes : £0.30 . 400g can butter beans : £0.55 . 400g can chopped tomatoes : £0.34 . total cost : £3.85 . store cupboard essentials : olive oil and one clove garlic . method : heat the oven to gas mark 5 . heat the oil in a large roasting tray on the hob . season the chicken thighs and add to the tin . fry for three to tive minutes , until browned all over . remove and set aside . add the onion , garlic and courgette to the tray and cook for three to four minutes.stir in the tomatoes , tomato purée and rosemary and simmer for one minute . season , then return the chicken to the tray and add the butterbeans.transfer to the oven and roast for 25 minutes until the chicken is completely cooked .