iain duncan smith has launched a scathing attack on labour 's ' politics of hate and envy ' and claimed the conservatives are ' the real party of work ' . the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ' the most left-wing platform since michael foot ' and was ' peddling lies ' about the government 's record . in an interview with the daily mail , the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . scroll down for video . urging action : work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith , left , called on fellow tories to ' bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements . right , labour leader ed miliband . ' labour does n't understand work . they do n't understand the importance of work in a cultural , social and health sense , ' he said . ' instead they 're saying `` here are the people we hate '' . they hate people who get up early in the morning and work to get a business off the ground , they hate people who take risks , hate people that earn money , hate people that create jobs . ' they are reinventing the politics of envy . it 's alive and well . labour is picking enemies . it 's the politics of fear . it is n't a message of hope . ' mr duncan smith called on fellow tories to ' bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements – and persuade voters that britain 's best days lie ahead if it sticks to its current economic course . hailing the ' staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high , he insisted : ' there are more disabled people in work than under labour , the proportion of people in social housing who have a job is higher than it has been since records began . ' all these people that have gone back into work are lives saved in my book . success : the work and pensions secretary hailed the ' staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high . above , prime minister david cameron on the campaign trail in horstforth , yorkshire today . ' everything i have done – the cap on benefits , the work experience for young kids , changes to sickness benefits – we really do care about people . ' labour thinks welfare and work are two sides of the same coin . they are not . we want to catch people when they fall , but we must get them to rise out of welfare dependency . ' the work and pensions secretary said labour had made a ' staggering misjudgement ' when it claimed the government 's austerity measures would put one million people out of work . ' they have been out by a factor of three million . in fact there are two million more in work , ' he said . ' we know ed miliband and ed balls were party to the government that misjudged the public finances so dramatically , despite all the warnings that we were running a deficit that was too high . ' not only did they not fix the roof when the sun was shining , they smashed the tiles off . ' that meant when the crisis came we were least prepared . it became what was actually for the uk the worst depression since at least the 1920s . ' not only can they not run an economy , they ca n't even forecast anything correctly . every proposal they have made as an opposition has been a joke . every solution involves looking to the past and the state spending more money . ' they have never understood why they were wrong . they have learned nothing - absolutely nothing - since the financial crisis . ' that 's why every labour government leaves office with unemployment higher than when they came into power . ' they think governments create jobs . they do n't . the government can set the conditions by which businesses can thrive : lower taxes , less regulation , give entrepreneurs a reason to stay in the uk and create jobs here . defence : the former conservative leader , pictured on good morning britain last week , set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . ' what labour does is start to force up taxes , spend far too much , lose control of the public finances . ' the economy suffers , people lose their jobs and the lowest-paid bear the brunt . ' mr duncan smith claimed that having lost the argument on jobs , labour was now deliberately misleading people about the nature of the employment created , suggesting it is mainly part-time and low-paid . ' they peddle lies about the jobs . actually 80 per cent are full-time , 60 per cent are managerial level jobs . 60 to 70 per cent are going to british-born citizens , compared to the 90 per cent of jobs that were going to foreign nationals under labour , ' he said . ' these are n't my figures - they 're official offical for national statistics figures . yet labour rattles its chains like a character from dickens and says everything is dreadful . ' now people have been really hurt by the great recession that labour oversaw . we ca n't expect people to run round and say `` hooray '' when we have started to turn things around . ' their faith in the political system has been damaged . after all , labour promised they 'd ended boom and bust . ' but we 've stuck to our guns and people are starting to feel the pound in their pocket . we have incomes rising at two per cent in the private sector . things like fuel , heating and food prices have been falling . ' the greatest risk we face is that the job is not completed . labour is peddling this myth that somehow we can start spending more money that we have n't got . ' he said labour was also seeking to mislead voters about the future of the nhs , though they have not matched the tories ' pledge to give it £8billion a year in extra funding . ' they set out to scare people - to believe something nasty is happening . take the nhs - they say the conservatives are going to damage or destroy the nhs . it is an appalling lie , ' he said . the work and pensions secretary warned that a labour government ' would be a prisoner to two groups - not just the snp , but also their own backbenchers ' . ' the vast majority of labour mps do not believe in any element of deficit reduction . they think we should tax people on any more than average earnings and they want welfare payments to increase dramatically. , ' he said . mr duncan smith warned labour would halt his programme to replace all out-of-work benefits and tax credits with a new universal credit , which ensures it always pays more to take a job or more hours than remain on benefits . he also revealed that the new benefit will be denied to eu immigrants to deter low-paid incomers . mr duncan smith said he wanted immigrants to wait for four years before they qualified , and had already opened talks with the eu commission on introducing the lengthy time line .