raheem sterling arrived at liverpool 's melwood base for training on wednesday after the latest twist to his controversy-ridden season . sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide , but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe , this time alongside young team-mate jordon ibe . sterling , 20 , and ibe , 19 , were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in london earlier this season . the teenager was spotted arriving at melwood on wednesday just seconds after sterling . ibe was driving a black range rover while sterling arrived in a white version of the same model . liverpool forward raheem sterling pictured arriving at training on wednesday morning . sterling arrived at melwood in a white range rover after fresh pictures emerged of him with a shisha pipe . jordon ibe at melwood on wednesday after he was also pictured alongside sterling holding a shisha . sterling is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ‘ hippy crack’ . rodgers questioned sterling’s professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends . liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal . the tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly . the flavoured tobacco smells sweet , making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience , according to enthusiasts . despite the smoke passing through water , all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present – including respiratory and heart diseases , as well as cancer . during an hour-long shisha smoking session , it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes . it has been a chastening week for sterling . pictures were published on sunday of him smoking a shisha pipe and then a different set of images surfaced on tuesday of sterling and ibe . casually dressed , the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy fanta orange and a portable music speaker . ibe , wearing a red hoodie and ripped black jeans , is pictured holding a shisha pipe . he is sitting next to sterling , who is wearing a tight white v-neck t-shirt and blue jeans , on the sofa . the pair can be seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . the pictures are believed to have been taken last september . liverpool offered no comment on those photos . the club maintain the matter will be dealt with internally but he is not going to be fined . sterling enraged liverpool after saying in a bbc interview that he was ‘flattered’ to be linked with arsenal . it is understood , however , that arsenal have gone cold on sterling , who scored in liverpool’s 2-0 win over newcastle on monday . all talks about his future have been put on hold until the end of the campaign but ian ayre , liverpool’s chief executive , issued a strong line yesterday , insisting that sterling — who has turned down a contract in the region of £100,000 per week — would be at anfield for a ‘ long time’ . ayre said : ‘raheem’s agent has asked that we park all discussions regarding his future until the summer . we respect that . raheem is a liverpool player and has two years left on his contract . we expect raheem sterling to be here for a long time . ’ it appears that sterling and ibe each have a shisha pipe and are also drinking fanta . sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' . shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco , which is burned on hot coals , through a long tube . they are commonly used in the middle east . it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes , which calls into question the professionalism of any athlete using the pipe . the british heart foundation website it clearly states : ‘ like cigarettes [ shisha ] contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' sterling , who has 14 caps for england , was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’ , suggesting he did not just take a single drag on the pipe . sterling celebrates after scoring liverpool 's opening goal in monday night 's 2-0 win over newcastle united . sterling celebrates with ibe after scoring in monday night 's premier league match at anfield . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was due to speak to sterling to remind him of his responsibilities . 