she 's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for spain 's queen letizia of spain . resplendent in a backless sequinned dress , the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show . the royal . who was making an appearance at the woman awards held at madrid casino , also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut . scroll down for video . defined : spain 's queen letizia showed off a noticeably defined back during an appearance in madrid . backless : her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back . short cut : the 42-year-old mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob hair cut . got the chop : spain 's queen letizia arrives at madrid casino for the woman awards ceremony . elegant : the royal accessorised her sequinned black gown with an enormous pair of chandelier earrings . with her was actress salma hayek , 48 , who was there to receive an award and looked cheerful in a bright red off-the-shoulder ensemble . after presenting mexican ms hayek with her prize , letizia , who is recently returned from copenhagen , posed for photos alongside some of the other winners . among them were conductor inma shara and doctor maria neira , while watching from the audience was communication company grupo zeta 's president antonio mosbah . for all the star power on show though , all eyes were on letizia who looked relaxed and happy as she chatted to ms hayek . the 48-year-old star , who brought her seven-year-old daughter valentina to the ceremony , was taking a break from her preparations for next month 's cannes film festival . ms hayek stars in tale of tales , a dark matteo garrone fantasy based on a collection of 17th century italian folk stories , which is set to make its début at the event on 14th may . glitzy : the event , which was held at madrid casino , attracted some of spain 's biggest names . warm welcome : letizia , who is recently returned from copenhagen , got a warm welcome from the crowd . speaking out : letizia made a speech during last night 's award show . presenting the prizes : letizia also presented mexican actress salma hayek , 48 , with an award . mwah ! the pair looked happy to be in each others ' company as they exchanged kisses on stage . she has also been taking on increasing amounts of charity work and , two years ago , founded chime for change - an organisation currently funding health and education projects worldwide . current projects include building homes for syrian refugees living in lebanon and turkey as well as others that focus on female empowerment . ms hayek 's charitable interests overlap with those of queen letizia , who has used her first year on the throne to champion children 's causes and the arts . the royal , who spent much of last week in copenhagen where she took part in queen margrethe ii 's birthday celebrations , has also helped highlight the plight of people suffering from rare illnesses . to that end , the former journalist last week delivered a speech at the cosmocaixa science museum during the opening day of the second congress of uncommon diseases . round of applause : letizia and ms hayek have both championed women and children 's rights . and smile ! letizia poses for photos along with grupo zeta 's president antonio mosbah ( right ) and ms hayek . mummy 's girl : ms hayek brought her seven-year-old daughter valentina with her to the show . spain 's got talent : ms hayek with inma shara , queen letizia , maria neira and mr mosbah . earlier this month , queen letizia ( left ) and her husband king felipe ( right ) celebrated queen margrethe of denmark 's 75th birthday at a dinner ball held at christiansborg palace in copenhagen . the day before , she sported a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top to visit the cosmocaixa science museum .