a car repair shop worker has been suspended after telling a customer 's husband he needed to ' get her in check before there 's a big f***ing problem ' in a profane and threatening voicemail . kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook . in the voicemail , kandrick said : ' hey , billy , kyle at maaco here . i was just personally attacked by your wife on facebook , and i do n't appreciate it at all , pal . ' scroll down for video . ella may rudd points to the leak on her hummer h2 that she was trying to have repaired at a maaco auto body shop in haggerstown , maryland , before co-owner kyle kandrick left a threatening voicemail for her husband . ' so i want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end . understand me ? ' ' i did everything i could for her . she was in here saturday and i explained everything to her the right way , and i do n't like being attacked on facebook . ' ' i 'm telling your right now : deal with it before i deal with it . ' on her post , rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the auto body shop for ' the last two months ' while trying to repair a leak on her hummer h2 . she said that the voicemail was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company 's facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to maaco . ' crooks , rude people , and liars . please take your business anywhere else but here . i regret spending the last month and a half wasting my time with this company , ' she wrote in the review . ' my car is still not fixed . they have charged me for car parts not needed , they have had me show up to multiple appointments and not have mechanics/car ready , they have lied about multiple car repair events . ' ' they are extremely unprofessional , and so much more . i hope this review at least stops a few people from being robbed and aggravated . so disappointed . ' rudd said that she paid kandrick a visit on saturday when she found out her car had still not been repaired . kandrick called rudd 's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop 's facebook page . in the voicemail he said : ' i want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end . understand me ? ' kandrick was suspended after rudd posted the voicemail on facebook and the post quickly went viral . she said that kandrick was ' really rude ' and blamed his workers . rudd said she demanded she be returned the money she had been charged . ' i do n't care whose fault it is , ' she said she told him . ' it is your business that messed up and i need your business to fix it and to return my money that they just took . ' she said kandrick then claimed the shop did n't repair leaks , only to ask her to bring the car in again when a mechanic walked in and said the leak would be an ' easy fix ' . rudd said kandrick also ' stormed out ' of the room at one point and was talking to her ' like i was the biggest idiot ever ' . the stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a ' strong woman ' , who had no problem confronting kandrick herself after hearing the voicemail . ' i said to him , `` my husband will not handle me at all . '' ' rudd said maaco president jose costa called her thursday , the day after she posted the recording , and said he could n't fire the employee because he 's a co-owner of the franchise . maaco officials did n't respond to questions from the associated press about that call . the company apologized to rudd in a statement issued on friday and said the ' employee at issue ' would be suspended pending further review . maaco added that he would be getting diversity and anger management training and that the shop would be temporarily closed ' in order to pursue customer care training for the team ' . rudd said the company has also offered to repair her car , but she 's not interested . ' maaco will not touch my car now , ' she said . the stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a ' strong woman ' and said she had no problem confronting kandrick herself after hearing the voicemail . ' i said to him , `` my husband will not handle me at all '' '