a size 16 student who used to fork out £5,000 a year on pizza has dropped a staggering four dress sizes since ditching takeaways . amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , who weighed 12-and-a-half stone , was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ' boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university , spending almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone . amelia was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ' boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . amelia , pictured left before losing weight and , right , after , continued to binge on doughy snacks , completely unaware that she had a wheat intolerance . ' my pizza diet left me feeling bloated and unwell and i just kept piling on the pounds , ' says amelia . ' there were weeks where i 'd go to pizza hut or dominoes every single night of the week . ' i got caught up in the student lifestyle and did n't realise what i was doing to my body . ' despite having saved for her course in business and enterprise at university college birmingham , amelia was forced to get a part-time job in retail to fund her eating habits . amelia says the cambridge weight plan taught her how to eat like a normal person by controlling her portion sizes and realising when something was too much . just over a year on , amelia , from edgbaston , birmingham , wears a slinky size 8 dress . now a consultant herself , amelia is helping other people lose weight through the cambridge weight plan . completely unaware of her wheat intolerance , amelia continued to binge on doughy snacks , which left her bloated and struggling to fit into her size 14 jeans and size 16 tops . by her third year of university , despite trying weight watchers , slim fast and body by vi diets , amelia had failed to fight the flab . it was only when her dad sat her down one day and explained that ' boys do n't fancy fat girls ' that that she decided to lose weight the weight once and for all . ' i could n't believe my dad had said that but i also found it funny , ' she says . ' what was a 60-year-old man to know ? ' it was n't a nasty comment . my dad 's just a very straight-talking guy and i just thought it was really funny . he 's so lovely - the best dad i could ask for , and he would never do anything mean or malicious . amelia was shocked into shedding the pounds after being told by her dad that ' boys did n't fancy fat girls ' . weighing 12.5 stone , left , she went on to lose three stone , right . one day after graduation , amelia was at her sister 's house for a meal . ' something just clicked ' , she says . ' a friend of mine had done cambridge while we were students and it had worked really well for her so i thought i would give it a go ' . ' he said it out of concern really because he was worried that people would be mean to me if i put on too much weight . ' and him , and my sister , were really supportive and encouraging when i decided to lose weight . ' she added : ' my sister is really slim and one day after i graduated i was at her house for a meal and something just clicked . ' a friend of mine had done cambridge while we were students and it had worked really well for her so i thought i would give it a go . ' i was so bad at dieting but cambridge was so easy to follow - because it is all planned out you do n't even have to think about it and so there 's much less temptation to stray . ' and my sister really helped me and was really encouraging and supportive . ' despite having saved for her course in business and enterprise at university college birmingham , amelia was forced to get a part-time job in retail to fund her eating habits . with the encouragement of her sister - a slim size 8 - amelia signed up for the cambridge weight plan and revolutionised her diet . in just five months , amelia 's weight plummeted from 12 and a half stone to 9 and a half stone . she says the plan taught her how to eat like a normal person by controlling her portion sizes and realising when something was too much . ' because it started off so well i could n't wait to keep going and shedding my fat , ' says amelia . ' now i ca n't believe i ever ate the amount i did - and i rarely have a pizza ! ' just over a year on , amelia , from edgbaston , birmingham , wears a slinky size 8 dress . now a consultant herself , amelia is helping other people lose weight through the cambridge weight plan . breakfast : either skipped breakfast or had a full english in the university canteen . snack : starbucks frappuccino and a muffin . lunch : cheesy chicken pasta with crisps and a brownie . snacks : bag of crisps in lectures . dinner : pizza or a chinese takeaway . midnight feast : another takeaway pizza . breakfast : avocado and eggs on gluten-free wholemeal toast or a cambridge shake . lunch : grilled chicken salad . dinner : curry homemade from scratch with cauliflower rice .   she says : ' i was never overweight as a child - in fact i ate really well and healthily . but when i started uni i had a horrific diet . i put on two and a half stone after just three months . ' i spent more on food than the average four-person family because i ate out so much . she says she then tried every diet under the sun : weightwatchers , slim fast , body by vi , hcg and myfitnesspal . ' i even tried to just cut my food intake down to just 500 calories a day , ' says amelia . ' but i always gave up within two days after it seemed to make no impact . ' i can hardly believe that i can now put on size 8 clothes ! '