in the end it took a searching ball from the cultured boot of andrea pirlo to settle this tie , a 70-yard pass that caught out ricardo carvalho for pace . this was far from a masterful performance by the juventus midfielder , but he was entitled to ease himself in to this champions league tie . pirlo had , after all , been out for seven weeks with a calf injury before he was called upon to start this quarter-final tie . his 57th-minute pass , which sailed over the heads of the players in both teams towards the target of alvaro morata , led to the controversial moment when czech referee pavel kralovec awarded a penalty . carvalho , who had been immense alongside aymen abdennour in the heart of the monaco defence , collided with the juventus forward as he made his way towards goal . juventus midfielder arturo vidal steps up to score from the spot against monaco in tuesday 's champions league quarter-final first leg . monaco defenders fabinho ( left ) and andrea raggi watch on as vidal strikes home a penalty to give juventus the lead in the second half . monaco goalkeeper danijel subasic can only watch on as vidal sends him the wrong way and puts the ball into the top corner . the chile international lets out a roar after giving his side the lead from the spot as goalkeeper subasic looks on at the juventus stadium . vidal celebrates and punches the air as juventus gained the advantage against ligue 1 side monaco on tuesday night . juventus fans are rapturous as the team celebrate having taken the lead on 57 minutes after ricardo carvalho gave away the penalty . ricardo carvalho keeps his eye on the ball but trips alvaro morata to give away a penalty - initial contact was seemingly outside of the area . referee pavel kralovec pointed to the penalty spot after carvalho and morata crashed to the ground inside the area . juventus forward carlos tevez , pictured with monaco defender aymen abdennour ( left ) , showed off his impressive body art at full-time . juventus : buffon 7 ; lichsteiner 6 , bonucci 6.5 , chiellini 7 , evra 6.5 ; vidal 6 , pirlo 6 ( barzagli 74 , 6 ) , marchisio 6 ; tevez 7 , pereyra 7 ( sturaro , 87 ) , morata 6 ( matri , 83 ) . substitutes : storari , pepe , llorente , padoin . scorer : vidal ( pen ) , 57 . manager - massimiliano allegri : 6.5 . monaco : subasic 7 ; raggi 6 ( berbatov 71 ) , carvalho 7 , abdennour 7.5 , kurzawa 6.5 ; joao moutinho 7 , fabinho 6 , kondogbia 6.5 ; dirar 6.5 ( silva 51 , 6 ) , martial 7 ( matheus carvalho , 87 ) , ferreira-carrasco 7 . substitutes : stekelenburg , wallace , germain , elderson . booked : carvalho . manager - leonardo jardim : 6.5 . referee : pavel kralovec ( czech ) 5 . man of the match : abdennour . arturo vidal settled it from the spot , putting juve into a lead that they will need to defend when they travel to stade louis ii for the second leg of this quarter-final next wednesday . it is far from over . juve’s coach massimiliano allegri knows that , saving the legs of pirlo by replacing him with the defensive mind of andrea barzagli a few minutes after vidal’s opener . this team , who have set the pace all season in serie a and are 12 points clear of their nearest rivals lazio , were a touch disappointing in this first leg . carlos tevez , who has scored six goals in the champions league , dropped off in search of the ball in to feet from pirlo , but this was not his night . alongside him roberto pereyra faded after a bright opening and morata’s contribition was the incident which led to juventus being awarded their penalty . before that pirlo had patrolled the centre of juve’s midfield with his usual classy touches , prodding around without being able to influence the tie in a way that he would have wanted . even so they failed to score in the opening 45 minutes because vidal , usually so dependable in this juve team , could not find the target . everything was wayward , earning a deserved rebuke from tevez when he screwed wildly over the crossbar of monaco keeper danijel subasic . pirlo gave him the eyes after he missed another chance , streaking down the left before his right foot shot flew into the stands . in many way this was a subdued juve performance , falling short of the standards they set when they beat borussia dortmund 5-1 on aggregate in the second round . expectations have been raised . they would dearly love to reach another final , to win the europen cup for the third time in their history , but it will take something special to beat the best teams left in the tournament after the second legs are played next week . there is no guarantee they will survive the second leg because leonardo jardim’ s team are an adventurous bunch , playing without fear after their fine run in the competition . they had chances here , notably from yannick ferreira-carrasco , the man who scored monaco’s third goal at the emirates on that memorable night in the previous round . monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia blocks an effort at goal from juventus forward tevez on the edge of the area . monaco frontman yannick ferreira carrasco fires the ball towards goal past juventus defender patrice evra during tuesday night 's clash . juventus pair giorgio chiellini and vidal lose out to monaco forward anthony martial in an aerial duel . monaco wideman nabil dirar gets the better of juventus midfielder andrea pirlo during the quarter-final first leg clash in turin . monaco forward anthony martial and juventus ' chile international arturo vidal do battle for the ball midway through the first half . this time he had the formidable figure of gianluigi buffon to beat and failed to take the chances created for him in the tenth and 12th minute . after that monaco sat back , allowing tevez space at the back post to draw a save from subasic and giving left-back patrice evra scope to maraud down the flank . ultimately this tie was decided from the penalty spot , a complex and strange decision that was made after a long pause by the czech match official . vidal took the chance , but pirlo was the undisputed match-winner . andrea pirlo patrolled the juventus midfield having been sidelined for seven weeks through injury - click here for our brilliant match zone . juventus defender giorgio chiellini pushes monaco 's martial off the ball to regain possession for the home team . stephane lichsteiner ( right ) and claudio marchisio gang up on monaco frontman ferreira-carassco in a bid to dispossess the belgian . monaco 's portugal international joao moutinho gets the better of pirlo in the air at the juventus stadium . juventus goalkeeper gianluigi looks on with clenched fists after making a save for the serie a champions on tuesday evening . juventus manager massimiliano allegri gives his side instructions from the touchline during the champions league tie against monaco . the two sides line up on the juventus stadium pitch ahead of kick-off before tuesday 's champions league clash in italy .