a series of unpublished love letters from mexican artist frida kahlo to her lover jose bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 when the passionate missives go up for auction later this . during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york . their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance . ' i don’t know how to write love letters . but i wanted to tell you that my whole being opened for you , ' then-39-year-old frida wrote in october of 1946 . scroll down for video . secret romance : mexican artist frida kahlo ( pictured ) wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera . enduring love : a collection of 25 of the unpublished letters will be auctioned off at doyle new york on april 15 . she continued : ' since i fell in love with you everything is transformed and is full of beauty… love is like an aroma , like a current , like rain . ' the letters , 25 of which are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15 , were written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949 and saved by jose until his death in 1995 . the archive of passionate messages , which comprise more than 100 pages , were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner . according to frida kahlo biographer hayden herrera , the artist told jose to sign his letters as ' sonja ' so that diego would think they were from a woman if he came across them . high price : the letters ( pictured ) are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 dollars . pet names : frida signed her letters to jose ' mara ' , which biographer hayden herrera explained is probably short for ' maravillosa ' , a name jose would call her . creative couple : jose , a catalan artist , can be seen sitting at an easel as he works on a painting . handle with care : this letter from the archive shows a stain on the right hand corner of the paper . famous works : in this letter , frida refers to ' tree of hope ' , a painting she created shortly after she met jose . diego , a muralist and a notorious lothario , who once had an affair with frida 's younger sister cristina , endured frida 's love affairs with women , but her relationships with other men would drive him to bouts of crazed jealousy . meanwhile , frida inscribed her letters with the name ' mara ' , which hayden explained is probably short for ' maravillosa ' , a name jose would call her . the collection also includes an original drawing of a sleeping cat , pressed flowers , ribbon , beads and drafts of a few of jose 's responses . frida 's candid messages to her lover shed light on her important paintings , an unknown pregnancy and her relationship with diego , as well as her adoration for her jose . full package : the letters also include an original drawing of a sleeping cat and drafts of a few of jose 's responses . sketch artist : frida sent jose this drawing of a tree in reference to ' the tree of life ' . city living : frida posed for this photo in front of a skyline . she and jose met when she was recovering from surgery in a hospital in new york . long distance love : frida ended this letter to jose with a kiss , leaving behind a lipstick print of her mouth . their secret affair began when frida , who was left a partial cripple after a 1925 bus accident , was recovering from a spinal fusion performed in june , 1946 at new york’s hospital for special surgery . frida 's sister cristina was the one to introduce her to jose , who moved to new york after fighting in the spanish civil war . they fell in love during his visits to the hospital and continued their long-distance courtship after she returned to mexico . after frida sold her 1946 painting tree of hope , which was inspired by her recent surgery , she wrote to jose about his words influenced her creation . ' i remembered your last words and i began to paint , ' she explained . ' i worked all morning and when i finished eating i kept on painting until there was no more light . but afterward i felt so tired and everything hurt . ' an artist 's life : frida was photographed holding this statue while she stood in front of a blue cement wall . inspired work : frida sketched this drawing of a sleeping cat and sent it to jose . added images : this letter featured a picture of a women sleeping in a bed while another walked away . last words : frida ends this letter by telling jose that she loves him . epic romance : in this letter frida told jose she loves him the way that he is . in the painting one version of frida lies in a hospital bed , while another depiction of herself sits proudly while holding a flag . while painting the piece , frida inscribed ' tree of hope keep firm ' a line of a song that she and jose both liked . according to hayden , frida wrote in several of her letters to jose that she had missed her period , in a way that suggested she was in some ways hoping to have his baby despite knowing it was nearly impossible because of her spinal injury . ' if i were not in the condition i am in now and if it were a reality , nothing in my life would give me more joy . can you imagine a little bartoli or a mara ? ' she wrote . new images : frida posed in her house for this photo take by french photographer gisèle freund . full of life : frida can be seen standing in her garden in mexico in this image shot by gisèle . meta moment : frida kahlo and dr juan farill were photographed in her home in 1951 . in his photo , they are standing in front of one of her works in which she pictured herself painting dr farill 's portrait .