war veteran : arthur townsend , 92 , supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates’ court as he admitted criminal damage . a 92-year-old second world war veteran has avoided jail despite pouring paint stripper over a van owned by a female friend 's son because of the way he treated her . arthur townsend , who lives in a care home in epping , essex , poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter , 96 . townsend carried out the attack after becoming angry with mr carter , who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business . the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter’s address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van , causing more than £2,000 of damage . townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage . he supported himself with his zimmer frame as he admitted the single charge at basildon magistrates’ court last friday . remi alabi , prosecuting , said : ‘ on december 18 last year , townsend asked a friend if she could drive him to a local address . ' when mr townsend got into the car the friend saw a jar containing a brown liquid . ‘ when she parked 40 yards away , she saw mr townsend in her rear-view mirror and he was emptying a jar of brown liquid onto the front of the van . ’ the court heard the damage to the mercedes van totalled £2,190 . stephen sparkes , defending , said the veteran made a full admission during a police interview . he said : ‘ one of the key issues is the complainant runs a company and his 96-year-old mother , olive , was made to stay at the address to receive packages . residence : retired antiques restorer townsend lives in this care home ( above ) in epping , essex . he carried out the attack after becoming angry with martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter , 96 . vehicle : a file picture of a mercedes sprinter van - the model of vehicle that was damaged by townsend . ‘ mr townsend was not happy with the way her son was treating him and her . on one occasion martin carter swore at mr townsend . he resides in a care home and is of previous good character . ' he worked as an antiques restorer and he has known the claimant for 45 years . ’ mr sparkes said that after townsend’s wife died in 1995 he became good friends with mrs carter . he added : ‘ mr townsend has done a lot for the family over the years . he has given them financial help and has restored antiques for them . ’ sentencing , magistrate dorothy hammond said : ‘ for this offence we are going to go out of our guidelines . there is a quotation of damage but we have no reason to know that amount was paid . ’ townsend was told to pay mr carter £500 compensation and court costs of £85 at the hearing .