asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks , potentially allowing murderers and rapists to get behind the wheel . rules laid down by transport for london ( tfl ) mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver . the legal loophole in an official application document on ' private hire driver licensing ' says people coming to britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked . asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks . the form , seen by the daily express , states : ' with regards to overseas criminal records checks , no such checks will be made in respect of those applicants who declare that they are in possession of or who have applied for refugee or asylum status . ' everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks . those from outside the eu who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a ' letter of good conduct ' from their home country . this usually requires their country of origin to give a reference to the home office , revealing whether the applicant has a criminal history . but asylum seekers and refugees are exempt from this too , according to a second document . a tfl guide on taxi and private hire applications states : ' any applicant who has been granted or is awaiting a decision to be granted asylum/refugee status will not be required to produce a certificate of good conduct from the country he is claiming asylum from . ' applicants from outside the eu must provide a letter of ' good conduct ' from their home country - but asylum seekers do not have to . campaigners called for a change in the guidelines , calling on all minicab drivers to undergo thorough criminal checks . tory mp nick de bois said : ' they should not be offering licences to those they ca n't check on . they could be putting vulnerable members of the public in the hands of thieves , murderers and rapists . it beggars belief . ' helen chapman , manager of london taxi and private hire at tfl , said : ' all applicants for a taxi or private hire drivers licence are required to undertake an enhanced disclosure and barring service check which is carried out by the home office . ' any applicant that has lived in a country other than the uk for more than three months within the last three years is also required to produce a certificate of good conduct from the relevant country . ' we recognise this may not be possible if an applicant is granted asylum or refugee status and , where applicable , these applicants will be required to provide a certificate of good conduct from any other country of residence within the last three years . they will also be required to provide evidence of their certificate of registration or a letter from the border and immigration agency . ' 