a middle-aged punk who fled britain with her 10-year-old son to join islamic state extremists is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in a hate-filled chanting session in syria . sally jones , 45 , who once played in a female punk band , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa , syria , the terror group 's de facto capital . a video has now emerged which appears to show the mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade - the all-women contingent set up by isis - in a series of chants expressing the fighters ' commitment to jihad . scroll down for video . in charge : sally jones , 45 , a former punk rocker who fled the uk to join isis militants , is believed to have been filmed leading an all-women brigade of terrorists in a hate-filled chanting session in syria . leader : the mother-of-two , who slipped into syria at the end of 2013 with her 10-year-old son , is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting arabic chants , which are then echoed by her fellow militants . experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ' real evidence ' which shows jones - who is believed to have set up home in raqqa with her toyboy husband - is involved with the brigade at a ' high level ' . experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ' real evidence ' which shows jones is involved with the brigade at a ' high level ' . in the footage , a woman thought to be jones is seen leading the female militia as they march single-file along a dusty road , waving their ak-47s in the air . the terrorists then gather in a group , shouting ' jihad ' in chilling unison as they continue to thrust their weapons skywards . the three-minute footage also shows some of the fighters practising their shooting techniques , firing their guns in quick succession out of the camera 's view . the footage then cuts to a woman , believed to be jones , who is seen shouting furiously in arabic , while punching her hand in the air . surrounding her in a semi-circle , her fellow terrorists echo her sickening cries . although the woman is dressed in traditional islamic dress , which covers her distinctive blonde hair , experts are now comparing the footage to images of jones to verify whether it is the same person . in the footage , a woman thought to be the former lead guitarist is seen leading the female militia as they march single-file along a dusty road , waving their ak-47s in the air . the three-minute footage also shows some of the fighters practising their shooting techniques , firing their guns in quick succession out of the camera 's view . a security source told the daily mirror : ' her public statements cause great concern and are being taken incredibly seriously . the threat she poses to our security should not be underestimated . ' the muslim convert , who was once an aspiring rock musician , is thought to have sneaked into syria at the end of 2013 after an online romance with junaid hussain , 20 . she fled the uk with her son jojo , who she now calls hamza , while her 18-year-old son was left behind . since then , jones has posted a series of chilling threats on social networking sites . she also posed for photos with an ak-47 , while dressed in black with her face veiled . the mother-of-two , who lives on benefits while in the uk , was the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band called krunch during the early 1990s . the band played a series of gigs in the south east . jones 's family has previously said they are deeply shocked by the musician 's conversion to radical islam . the former lead guitarist - who spent a lifetime on state benefits while living in the uk - also ranted online about how she wanted to behead christians with a ‘ blunt knife’ . using the pseudonym umm hussain al-britani , she also abused jews and praised osama bin laden . her family has previously said they are deeply shocked by her conversion to radical islam . in the early 1990s she was the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band called krunch who played a series of gigs in the south east . she has previously posted a series of chilling threats on social networking sites and posed for photos with an ak-47 , while dressed in black with her face veiled . a clip of one of her performances posted online shows her with a shock of blonde hair and wearing a leather mini-skirt . meanwhile , jones 's husband hussain is the leader of a computer hacking group known as team poison . he fled britain while on police bail suspected of violent disorder in birmingham . he was also jailed for six months in 2012 for stealing sensitive information from an aide of tony blair and blocking a government anti-terrorist hotline with prank calls . hussain travelled to the warzone with abdel-majed abdel bary , 24 , a former rapper dubbed the ‘ hip hop jihadi’ . both men now fight for is and are suspects in the killing of mr foley .