tyson fury hopes wladimir klitschko sees off the challenge of bryant jennings on saturday night to set up a stadium fight later in the year . fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to england in the autumn . wladimir klitschko goes up against bryant jennings in new york on saturday night . but klitschko must first face the unbeaten jennings in new york . ‘ i believe wladimir will beat jennings and i want him to win because i want to be the one to beat him in england and put an end to his reign , ’ said fury . ‘we’ve been in discussions to get the fight on , hopefully at one of the big football stadiums in september . it’s something which i’ve left with my promoter and team and things are looking positive though it takes a very brave or stupid man to step in the ring with tyson fury . ‘i’m the heavyweight who is going to take over this division because i have everything that is needed . wladimir has had a good run but it’s time for a change because the heavyweight division needs an injection of new blood and i’m ready to provide that . ’ reigning heavyweight champion klitschko shake hands with jennings , left , after the weigh-in . klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000 but fury is convinced he is the man to beat him . ‘i’m mandatory for the wbo title and if wladimir does defend it against me he won’t last more than eight rounds because i will be knocking him out after being involved in a bit of a brawl early on , ’ he added . ‘ i know his flaws and i know how to beat him – for once he will be picking on someone his own size . ‘ a fight with wladimir doesn’t concern me because i know i will beat him , it’s just a matter of how and what round i do the job in . i’m still not fully convinced he has the balls to step in the ring with me but if he does then i take my hat off to him because it will be the night the klitschko era ends and the tyson fury one begins . ’ former heavyweight champions evander holyfield ( left ) and lennox lewis attend the official weigh-in . klitschko v jennings is live on boxnation on saturday night . visit boxnation.com to subscribe .