the former police chief of two small towns where warren jeffs ' church dominates has admitted putting the church 's interests above the law out of fear his family would be taken away . in an interview with abc news , helaman barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind . his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls . other accounts say that some of its former adherents - including barlow - are turning their backs on the church and changing the towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property . scroll down for video . speaking out : helaman barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , said he acted on the orders of the church 's leader , warren jeffs , out of fear of losing his family . the changes are welcome for barlow , who said he lived in fear that jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he did n't act as they wanted . after joining the force 20 years ago , barlow said he quickly learned that officers worked with the church 's security unit , known as ' the god squad ' . ' this community has always been a theocracy , ' he said . ' they have a huge network of cameras in this community . they can watch every street . ' he told the u.s. department of justice that marshals knew of underage marriages that were taking place in the community and failed to do anything to stop it . he said he was also asked by a city official to alter police reports . locked up : fundamentalist church of latter-day saints leader warren jeffs , left in his mug shot and right in prison in 2008 , is serving life behind bars for marrying and having sex with two underage girls . former life : barlow is pictured during his time as police chief but said he has now left the church . barlow added that when jeffs was on the run and being sought as one of the fbi 's ' most wanted ' , he taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them onto jeffs . ' i knew it was wrong , but it was a way for me to keep my value up , ' he told abc news . he said he acted in ways he now regrets because he feared that his family would be taken away . ' with one phone call , he could call me and say , '' yeah , you 're out '' , ' he said . ' then he could call [ my wife ] and say , `` he had no priesthood , he has to go , you have to leave him '' . ' barlow said after years of protecting the church , he eventually decided to leave . he has since grown out his hair and his beard to signal that he is turning his back on them . ' i stopped and realized that the religion that i was trying to go to , the church i was trying to attend , was nothing like the church that i was raised in , that i was born into , that i was married in , ' he said . community : the church determines much of the activity in hildale , utah , which is seen at the base of red rock cliff mountains , and its sister city , colorado city , arizona , in the foreground . ' it was entirely different ... then i stopped and went , `` why am i trying to go to a different church than i believe in ? i 'm done with that '' . ' federal investigators are now suing the towns ' governments , accusing them of being controlled by the church . in a statement , an attorney for the local governments denied that officials are controlled by the church . of barlow , he added : ' we question his credibility , since he repeatedly lied under oath ' - an accusation barlow has not denied . see below for video . 