a chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship when they embarked upon a game of tag together . videoed in their front room , the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction , the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the chihuahua jumps around excitedly . the video begins with the chihuahua jumping around excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested . the reptile then turns to face the dog , causing it to bark , run off and watch from a safe distance behind the table . without warning , the bearded dragon then charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat . pausing at the end of the table , the reptile waits as the sneaky dog creeps up behind it before pivoting and running after it again . the chihuahua named foxxy cleopatra stalks the bearded dragon on a number of ocassions in the video . the video maker said that the chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him . the video maker , named meo madeley , can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon becomes even more animated and chases the dog in a circle . later in the clip the dog creeps up behind the reptile but remains twitchy and nervous as it prepares to run away at any minute . according to the video maker , who is believed to live in canada , the pair completely love one another . the filmmaker can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon chases the dog around the coffee table . she wrote in the comment section of the original video : ‘ they seriously love to play together . i love to watch them . ‘ our chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon , she really loves to chase him and our dragon gets excited whenever she comes into the room because he thinks it 's time to play . they make us laugh all the time . ’ interestingly however , ms madeley also stated that the love is entirely loyal as their other pet hardly gets a look in . ‘ our beardie does n't like our cat , so we do n't let them play together . he will [ only ] play with the cat if the dog is around because he really likes our dog , ’ said the video maker . he 's behind you ! the dog creeps up behind the reptile but remains twitchy and nervous as it prepares to run away at any minute . ms madeley stated that the reptile does n't like the family 's other pet cat and will only play with it when the dog is around .