today show hosts savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease , before taking to the stage for a live lip sync battle against their co-hosts on thursday morning’s show . wearing a blonde wig and a pink jacket , carson took on the role of olivia newton-john’s character sandy , while savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses , was danny , originally played by john travolta . the duo went head to head with al roker , willie geist and natalie morales , who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of australian singer sia’s chandelier . the two teams were judged by tv star and model chrissy teigen , one of the hosts of spike tv’s new series lip sync battle , which premieres tonight , and was the inspiration for the today hosts’ colorful performances . face-off : al roker , natalie morales and willie geist went head to head with savannah guthrie and carson daly during the today show 's first ever lip sync battle , which was judged by chrissy teigen . nice touch : savannah and carson reversed gender roles and dressed as danny and sandy , respectively , from grease . while savannah and carson switched gender roles and performed summer nights and al , natalie and willie showcased their dancing skills for chandelier , their co-host matt lauer somehow managed to avoid getting caught up in the battle altogether – something which chrissy was more than happy to highlight.. . when matt announced savannah and carson to the stage in front of the live audience outside the show 's rockefeller studio , chrissy could n't help but ask : ' how did you get out of this ? ' ' because i 'm with you , ' matt joked . ' in order to truly embrace the role of danny , savannah wore an oversized leather motorcycle jacket and her hair slicked back . meanwhile , her partner carson sported a blonde wig and a pink ladies bomber jacket to play sandy . good try : the two gave it their all as they lip synced a rendition of the class song from the film summer nights . great props : savannah wore a leather motorcycle jacket while carson sported a pink ladies bomber jacket and a blonde wig . after their spirited performance of summer nights , matt laughed and said : ' do n't worry . we will never show this tape again . ' but even dressed as members of the opposite sex , savannah and carson were no match for their competition . when al , willie and natalie took their turn on stage , matt joked that al looked ' remarkably like something out of wayne 's world ' with his white wig . ' i am actually cousin itt , ' he responded . while willie did his best silent sia performance , al and natalie flailed their bodies across the stage , in an attempt to mirror the music video’s 12-year-old star maddie ziegler . imitation game : al , willie and natalie donned white wigs for their performance of sia 's chandelier . feeling confident : al , willie and natalie struck a pose as they waited for the music to start . great performance : willie did his best impression of sia as he lip synced the lyrics to her hit song chandelier . the crow erupted with applause as soon as they were finished , but matt could n't help but note : ' i 'm humiliated for you . ' matt explained that for today 's first - and probably last - lip sync battle , the crowd would assist chrissy in choosing the winner by a show of applause . and savannah looked visibly irked when it became clear that al , willie and natalie 's performance was the audience favorite . ' i think i have to agree with the crowd , ' chrissy said . ' i 'm going team sia . ' major moves : while willie pretended to sing , al and natalie danced wildly on stage like the 12-year-old star of the chandelier video , maddie ziegler . synced up : the trio 's choreography was spot on throughout their performance . after she presented them with a wrestling belt in honor of their win , al said : ' this is so fantastic , ’ before adding : ' i know jimmy fallon is rethinking this whole idea . ' today show fans can also look forward to willie and his colleague hoda kotb duking it out in upcoming episodes of lip sync battle . ' they did a really shockingly good job , ' chrissy told matt of willie and hoda 's performances . ' hoda gave it her all . ' in addition to the today show stars , dwayne johnson , anna kendrick , jennifer lopez , john legend , john krasinski , meghan trainor , common and justin bieber are all slated flaunt their lip syncing skill on the show 's first season . today show champs : chrissy named team sia the winners of the lip sync battle and awarded them with a wrestling belt , which al threw over his shoulder . victorious : natalie shook hands with savannah after her team won the 'non-singing ' competition .