two horses have been rescued after one was found being kept in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around , while the other was chained to the ground . rspca inspectors were called to the house after they received numerous calls from residents living nearby in lawrence weston , bristol , who were worried about the animals . photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide , which is blocked at one end with a gate . rspca inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round . another picture shows a horse chained to the ground , with little room to move . the animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for around a month and are understood to have been moved on by their owners following warnings from the rspca . andrew hiles , 65 , who lives nearby , said : ' the situation has got worse and worse . ' this has been the case for the last month . it was certainly a cause for much concern . the horses had no way of turning around , and the horse box was just left by the road side . ' those were some terrible conditions to live in , and it is not like they have a stable or somewhere nice . it has been going on for a while . i would like to know how they even came to own these horses . ' as far as i know , a lot of us had been calling the rspca and asking them to do something , but i do n't know if that 's the case . ' they found another horse , which was larger , and was living at the site chained to the muddy ground . the alleyway where the horse was kept is at the bottom of a muddy slope , and the other horse was kept chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby . both horses were removed on wednesday after complaints from neighbours and a warning from the rspca . but margaret hiles , 61 , is still worried and added : ' we do n't know what has happened to the pair of them , or where they have gone . i do n't think the rspca has taken them , they have just been moved . the smaller horse was stuck at the base of a muddy garden , trapped in an incredibly narrow alleyway . a spokesman from the rspca said : ' we have received calls from concerned members of the public about two horses being kept in a garden in the lawrence weston area of bristol . ' our inspectors have made several visits to the property to issue advice to the owner to improve the environment in which the horses are being kept . ' we understand the current situation is that the horses have now been moved . '  