this is the dramatic moment a fireman risked his own life to grab the arm of a woman who was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey chinese tower block . the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump , reports people 's daily online . police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her . video footage captured the moment fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time . but before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge . fireman xu weiguo , who was also inside the apartment , immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away . he holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on to the ledge to help to haul the woman to safety . she was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window by the firemen before being restrained by police officers and taken to hospital . he had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down . having held on to her arm , a colleague then joined him to help pull her back on to the ledge . the woman reportedly said she 'd felt depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend . she was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job . he told thepaper.cn ' at the time i had n't even put on my safety rope or even my helmet when i heard someone outside shout , `` she 's going to jump '' . ' i did n't have time to think - i just ran through the apartment and seeing her hanging on the ledge i jumped through the window and grabbed her arm . ' as the ledge is narrow and difficult for me to get good leverage i had to flatten myself out and wait for my colleagues to help . luckily we were able to save the woman . ' there was no time to think , the entire rescue took 2-3 minutes . any hesitation by me and she may have fallen off the ledge so i did n't have any of my safety apparatus in place when i grabbed her . ' it was quite dangerous . under normal operational procedures i would have to wear my helmet as well as my safety ropes . '