as australians are beginning to feel the onset of winter 's chill , aussies travellers are looking to escape this year 's cold in exchange for a european summer . recent data released by kayak.com.au has revealed that most aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in europe . research by the travel search engine further indicates that aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august , while seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . australian tourists are planning to holiday in destinations across europe , the number one choice being the ancient city of athens in greece . 1 ) athens , greece . 2 ) istanbul , turkey . 3 ) toronto , canada . 4 ) warsaw , poland . 5 ) ho chi minh city , vietnam . 6 ) dublin , ireland . 7 ) barcelona , spain . 8 ) colombo , sri lanka . 9 ) santiago , chile . 10 ) vienna , austria . debby soo , vice president apac at kayak , says australians do n't seem bothered by the cost of their trip , as long as it means they can stay away from the cold . ' australia is often thought of as a nation of sun-seekers and the upswing of searches for places like athens , istanbul and ho chi minh city support that notion , ' she said . ' destinations like warsaw , colombo , and santiago also suggest aussies are looking for more diverse escapes . ' people do n't appear to be put off by distance , cost or the time it takes to reach somewhere – especially if it means they get a break from winter . ' second of the top 10 destinations aussies are looking to escape to this winter is istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of turkey . another hotspot among aussie tourists is toronto in canada , according to recent data released by kayak.com.au . fourth of the top 10 list is warsaw in poland , where aussies are planning their mid-year getaways . number one on the list is the ancient city of athens in greece , followed by istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of turkey . the number of australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years , according to the australian bureau of statistics . between 2002 and 2012 , the amount of australians travelling overseas increased from 3.5 million to 8.2 million . the strong australian dollar sees aussies still keen to spend their hard-earned wages on trips overseas and new experiences and sights . ho chi minh city , vietnam is said to be the fifth destinations aussies are searching for this winter . dublin , ireland also makes it on the top 10 planned holiday destinations for aussie travellers . barcelona in spain is one of the seven european countries which make it on the top 10 list . the number one attraction for aussies heading overseas is athens , one of the world 's oldest cities , and considered by many to be the birthplace of democracy . second on the list is istanbul , which is the sixth largest city in the world , and is famed for it 's history , including it 's location along the silk road . other hot spots for aussie tourists include toronto in canada and warsaw , in poland . finishing off the top ten hot spots for aussie travellers are ho chi minh city in vietnam , dublin in ireland , barcelona in spain , colombo in sri lanka , santiago in chile , and vienna in austria . colombo , sri lanka seems to be another popular vacation spot among australians this year . destinations like santiago , chile is a place where australians can escape winter between may and august . vienna , austria appears to be one of the countries that many aussies are planning to visit this year .