a university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away ‘ every piece of joy’ in her life . jessica howard , 23 , denounced ‘ night stalker’ clive howard , 57 , for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years . she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life . clive howard , 57 , ( left ) dubbed ' every woman 's living nightmare ' , was today jailed for life and one of his victim 's , jessica howard , 23 , ( right ) who has bravely waived her right to anonymity . waiving her right to anonymity , the student – who is not related to the rapist – said he had ‘humiliated’ her and ruined precious relationships with those closest to her . ‘ you have made it impossible for me to enjoy moments of happiness . your attack literally darkens every piece of joy i have , ’ she told him . ‘ because of you , my body is now worthless to me . you took away all of my control , took away all meaning to my body other than an inanimate object with no worth . ’ the dramatic confrontation came as howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings . described as ‘ every woman’s living nightmare’ , he prowled the streets of cambridge and norwich looking for victims . the mechanic , a father-of-six who lives with his parents in battisford , suffolk , picked up some in his volvo estate and pounced on others in parks . yesterday detectives revealed 15 other women have come forward since howard appeared in court last year to say he also attacked them . norwich crown court heard that miss howard was picked up by the rapist after a night out in norwich last may . he drove her to an isolated car park and raped her . she managed to stagger away half-naked and was rescued by a taxi driver who drove her to a friend . police discovered cctv footage which captured images of his car after the attack and driving around norwich city centre earlier in the evening . a cctv image of howard'scar as he prowled the streets of norwich on the night he raped jessica howard . howard ( his car is seen far right in this cctv ) admitted seven counts of rape , three of kidnap and one of attempted rape at an earlier hearing . separately , a dna sample matched the unsolved case of a woman who was the victim of an attempted rape in cambridge almost exactly one year earlier . the woman , aged in her 30s , managed to scratch howard as she fought him off , trapping vital forensic evidence under her fingernails . it later emerged he had tried to force another woman into his car on the same night and two other women in the city three months earlier . as their investigation widened , police traced a woman who told them howard had raped her at least six times in suffolk , starting in 1986 . miss howard , who is originally from essex and is studying history of art and literature at the university of east anglia , sat just yards from howard as she addressed him . reading an open letter , she said : ‘ to describe the ramifications of you raping me is impossible . i can not put the full extent into words . i trusted you to take me home . still , i blame myself for being raped , for getting into your car . ‘ i had to see my mother’s face as she looked at her only daughter after she had been violated in the worst possible way . ’ the car park where howard took miss howard to rape her after picking her up and offering her a lift home . miss howard was able to describe his volvo ( pictured ) to police , who traced him to an address in suffolk . she added : ‘ on top of this you have ruined my relationships with friends and family . friends who do not know how to react have removed themselves from my life . some ignore it as if it doesn’t matter . ‘ how am i supposed to enter into a happy relationship , to have a happy life with the stigma of what you have done tormenting me ? how am i meant to have a family if i always remember what you did , the sickening belief still stirring in my stomach that it was my fault . ’ sentencing him , judge stephen holt described miss howard’s statement as ‘heart-rending’ and said the ‘ effect you had on her life is devastating’ . he added : ‘ this was a campaign of sexual offences for many years . you did severe psychological harm to your victims . two describe you spanking them – this is additional humiliation and degradation . there was clearly a significant degree of planning and targeting . ’ outside court , detective sergeant chris burgess described howard as a ‘ dangerous predatory loner’ who frequented dating websites and used prostitutes . he said : ‘ there is concern there are further victims out there and we would encourage anybody who believes they were attacked by him to come forward . ’