jose mourinho praised john terry 's performance against arsenal - hailing it as the chelsea captain 's best under him . terry was at the heart of another impressive chelsea defensive display as the premier league leaders kept a clean sheet during sunday 's 0-0 draw at the emirates . ‘ i told john terry in the dressing room that he has produced some fantastic performances with me but this was his best , ’ said mourinho . john terry ( centre ) celebrates chelsea 's hard earned point against arsenal at the emirates on sunday . terry stretches for the ball but just misses it , catching arsenal striker olivier giroud on the thigh . terry ( left ) was at the heart of chelsea 's solid defensive display against arsenal . ‘ it was the best jt has ever played . it was absolutely amazing . one performance at highbury , i think in my first season , that was a fantastic performance , too . ‘ but today everything was clean : giving cover , the defensive line , interceptions , reading the game so well , interceptions with a pass . the team were phenomenal , but john was one step ahead of every other player . ’ terry 's performance also drew praise from sky sports pundit and sportsmail columnist jamie carragher , who said the 34-year-old was the best defender to play in the premier league era . carragher said : ‘ i think hazard will win it [ player of the year ] but terry is just behind hazard as he has been the most inspirational . ' we always talk about chelsea being defensive and he 's the best . i think john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league . ' we will be talking about the john terry position in 20 to 30 years . we have never seen anyone better at reading play and defending the front post . ’ fellow sky pundit thierry henry also praised terry for bouncing back in the past two seasons under mourinho , having at times struggled under previous chelsea managers rafa benitez and andre villas-boas : he said : ‘ you have to give him a lot of credit because he has reacted after being left on the bench under rafa benitez . ’ chelsea manager jose mourinho was full of praise for chelsea 's captain after his performance . 