ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the edinburgh clubs this season . three league visits have been made . three defeats inflicted on rangers . stuart mccall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when hearts come calling on sunday . the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august , while hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories . rangers boss stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox this season . however , a 2-0 success at easter road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for rangers in their previously flagging push for promotion . and mccall believes a significant home victory over the championship title winners would be the ideal confidence boost for his play-off hopefuls . ‘ there will be a big crowd there on sunday and we owe the fans a real morale-boosting victory , we got that at easter road and it would be nice to turn over hearts as well , ’ he told the rangers website . ‘ i want to see a good energetic confident performance and to go toe-to-toe with a very good side . but i believe we are a very good side when we play our best . ‘ i will have a few headaches running up to sunday regarding team selection , people seem to think there will be three at the back the same as at hibs , but hearts are a very different side . danny wilson scores the opening goal as hearts beat rangers at ibrox back in august . ‘ this game isn’t how people thought it would be at the beginning of the season and if you look at the consistency they’ve shown then it is full credit to them . ‘ they will have had all the plaudits and rightly so , but it’s all about us on sunday and we have a long way to go this season . ‘ we want to keep the momentum going and keep the belief in each other . it’s about looking around the dressing room now and knowing you can trust your team-mates , knowing that he is going to go to the end for you and get that ball for you . ‘ there if one thing every successful side needs and it is togetherness and a good work ethic – hopefully we are getting that and added to that is confidence and good quality players . ‘ we aren’t getting carried away and i am sure there will be one or two ups and downs towards the end of the season . ‘ but it’s what happens at the end of the season and sunday will be a big stepping stone for us . ’ kenny miller celebrates after scoring against edinburgh club hibernian at easter road . mccall views hearts’ 2-0 win over rangers at tynecastle in november – when steven smith was sent off during the first half – as a pivotal moment in the season . ‘ hearts are incredible , they’ve got 81 points out of 90 and everyone knows how well they’ve done , ’ added mccall , who took over from kenny mcdowall last month . ‘ they have been playing at such a high level all season - their consistency levels , the amount of goals they’ve scored and their fitness levels . ‘ i certainly thought it was a turning point in november when we went there ; we were the better side for half an hour and then a sending off changed the game . ‘ it went from us being three points behind to nine points and gave them that confidence and knocked us out of our stride a little bit and they have just gone from strength to strength . ’ 