rory mcilory was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday as the one direction singer caddied for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta . the 21-year-old singer horan shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair headed out onto the course , where the one direction singer was about to make an embarrassing slip . horan fell while carrying mcilroy 's clubs around the par-three course , but the pair laughed it off as the northern irishman his a one-under-par round on wednesday . the singer from ireland even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while tiger woods also played the par-3 contest for the first time in 11 years . one direction singer niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying mcilroy 's clubs on the par-three course . sky sports ' cameras captured the moment when horan suffered a slip while caddying for mcilroy during the par-3 contest . mciloy shakes hands with the one direction superstar after shooting a one-under-par round on the par-3 course . mcilroy steps aside to let the one direction singer horan tee off on the ninth hole at augusta national . the masters official twitter account shared an image of rory mcilroy and tiger woods with niall horan . mcilroy and horan pose for a picture ( left ) as kirsty gallacher ( right ) presents sky sports ' coverage of the par-3 contest . woods played in the masters par-3 contest at augusta national for the first time in 11 years . woods was joined on the course by girlfriend lindsey vonn , his son charlie and daughter sam . vonn and woods ' two children watch the 14-time major winner in action during the par-3 contest . woods , a four-time winner of the masters at augusta , marks his ball on the green as his children and girlfriend watch on . kevin streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the par-3 contest on a play-off against camilo villegas . the last five winners : 2010 louis oosthuizen . 2011 luke donald . 2012 padraig harrington , jonathan byrd . 2013 ted potter . 2014 ryan moore . the par-three course : hole yardage . no 1 130 . no 2 70 . no 3 90 . no 4 130 . no 5 130 . no 6 140 . no 7 115 . no 8 120 . no 9 135 . total 1,060 . the par-3 contest has become a much-loved part of the masters build-up , and is played on augusta national’s nine-hole par-3 course on the wednesday before the tournament . american 36-year-old kevin streelman won the par-3 contest after a three-hole play-off with camilo villegas . the pair both shot five under par , but the colombian villegas hit his tee shot on the eighth hole into the water during the play-off . mcilroy is desperate to win at augusta this week and add the masters , which is the only major he is yet to win , to his trophy collection and will get down to the serious business on thursday . victory at the augusta national will mean a third major title in a row for the northern irishman , who shot a one-under-par round in the par-3 contest after winning the open and the uspga championship at the back end of 2014 . woods , meanwhile , had declined to participate in the mini-tournament , which he has previously called ' distracting ' , since 2004 . but woods gave his fans a treat by joining in with the event for the first time in 11 years , with his daughter , sam , 7 , and his son , charlie , 6 , keeping him company . his playing partners were old pals steve stricker and fred couples . sam snead won the first par 3 contest in 1960 , two years after the course was completed . a record five holes-in-one were made in the 2002 event , when japan 's toshi izawa made back-to-back aces on holes five and six . players often invite their wives or children to caddie for them . reigning masters champion bubba watson , who was also a winner at augusta in 2012 , was joined by his wife angie and son caleb for the par-3 contest . watson played with his american compatriot rickie fowler , who had girlfriend alexis randock as his caddy . but this is the competition nobody wants to win . nobody has ever won the wednesday warm-up and the masters in the same week , leading many to remark on the ' curse ' of the par-3 contest . those who have recently discovered to their fate that these twin feats are seemingly unachievable include padriag harrington , winner of the par 3 contest in 2003 and 2004 , former open champion louis oosthuizen ( 2010 ) and former world no 1 luke donald , who claimed the prize in 2011 but remains majorless . woods is all smiles as he hugs former us secretary of state condoleeza rice . rice , the former us secretary of state , with woods ' girlfriend vonn during the par-3 contest at augusta . one direction singer horan tweeted a picture of him and mcilroy ( left ) , while nhl player teemu selanne caddies for mikko ilonen ( right ) . golf legend jack nicklaus celebrates a hole in one on the fourth hole of the augusta national par-3 course . nicklaus ( centre ) with ben crenshaw ( left ) and gary player ( right ) during the par-3 contest on wednesday . two-time masters champions bubba watson with his son caleb and wife angie on the nine-hole course at augusta . reigning masters champion watson watches his son caleb tee off during the par-3 contest . american golfer rickie fowler shares a joke with his girlfriend alexis randock during the par-3 contest on wednesday . fowler with his girlfriend randock take a walk down the par-3 course at the augusta national in georgia . randock takes on a putt as fowler watches on during the par-3 contest on wednesday at augusta . fowler and his girlfriend randock share a kiss during the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national on wednesday . fowler takes a picture as watson watches his son caleb tee off during the par-3 contest on wednesday . south african golfer ernie els reacts after watching his daughter samantha miss a putt on the ninth hole . australian golfer jason day with his wife ellie and son dash as his caddies in the par-3 contest . day and wife ellie watch son dash attempt a putt as american golfer erik compton ( right ) looks on . patrick reed with his wife justine and their daughter windsor-wells during the par-3 contest at augusta . padraig harrington ( right ) celebrates what he thinks is a hole in one on the ninth hole with shane lowry ( left ) . harrington and lowry react after the former open champion just missed out on a hole in one . augusta national 's par-3 course traditionally hosts the par-3 contest the day before the first major of the year begins . spectators watch the par-3 contest under blue skies with the sun shining on wednesday in augusta , georgia . augusta national 's picturesque par-3 course was a sight to behold on wednesday for the traditional curtain raiser .   