when james bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction , it became an overnight bestseller . the former big issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years . but the daily mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune , bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for bowen – who has a personal accountant – to live in his housing association flat in haringey , north london . scroll down for video . the former big issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and has also churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years . and while bowen and his famous cat stay in the social housing flat he was granted in 2010 , the many homeless people he talks of helping remain desperate for a roof over their heads . a former friend of bowen said : ‘ he was fully aware he should not have been getting housing benefit , but failed to stop it . he hasn’t been hurrying to buy his own house either . ’ failing to tell your local council you are no longer entitled to housing benefit can result in criminal prosecution for fraud and jail time . a haringey council spokesman said it was the responsibility of claimants to contact them within one month of their income increasing , adding : ‘ in this case , we were first informed of a change in circumstances in february 2015 . ’ born in surrey , bowen was raised in australia . he returned to england in 1997 , becoming a heroin addict and sleeping rough for ten years . he said his life only changed when he found a stray cat on a doorstep in 2007 . the daily mail can reveal that despite earning an ample fortune from the book ( left with bob ; cover right ) , bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . bowen’s account of rescuing bob , and in turn being rescued by the cat’s loyalty and trust , was published in 2012 , spending two years in the uk top 10 bestseller list . in an interview two years ago bowen said he was off benefits and saving up to get a mortgage . he added he would use his newfound wealth to help drug and homelessness rehabilitation programmes . last night bowen’s spokesman said he was unaware housing benefit was still paying his rent until december , when it came up in a mortgage application , and has since paid up . he added housing benefit was still being paid last week despite requests for it to stop . speaking to the mail yesterday , bowen denied responsibility , claiming he told the council about his change of fortunes – but could not say if he had followed the correct procedure . ‘ in 2013 i did make calls to the peabody trust housing association , the council , and social security and haven’t received benefits since , ’ he said . ‘ i personally told them i was no longer entitled to housing benefit , and for two years i’ve been trying to pay my £107-a-week rent myself , but the peabody trust wouldn’t cash the cheques . ’