a homeless shelter manager was allegedly killed by a former resident who tried to rape her at gunpoint and them shot her as she ran away naked , according to police sources . west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx . the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda . west spruill ( left ) has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , ( right ) on monday evening in the bronx . police say spruill sexually assaulted charle in her car , but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street . but spruill , who was also naked , allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest . her body was found just a block away from project renewal shelter on bronx blvd where she worked . she was taken to a nearby hospital , but pronounced dead . spruill was later arrested at a nearby car wash - he was armed with the gun it is alleged he used to kill charle . the 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last june until january . the 39-year-old had lived at the 108-bed center from ( pictured ) last june until january . julio martinez , a shelter resident , told cbs new york that there had been a previous conflict between charle and spruill . ' in the lobby they were arguing and he was very upset , he was very upset , ' martinez said . charle lived in queens with her two young daughters . ' she lived for people , had a great heart , ' said gary alcendor , her former boyfriend told the new york post . ' she lived mainly for her two kids . ' ana charle with her coworker wanda . charle lived in queens with her two young daughters . spruill was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon - an autopsy will reveal whether he raped her . he claimed charle , originally from spain , had requested security at the center , but had not received it . ' she was very nice , always smiling , willing to help people , ' shelter resident tyquan holley , 38 , said to the new york daily news . ' very pretty , pleasant young lady . ' project renewal shelter wrote on its facebook page : ' tragically , ana charle , director of the bronx blvd . shelter , was murdered yesterday . ' our hearts and thoughts go out to ana 's entire family . ana was a dedicated , wonderful , and loving person . ' she worked tirelessly to improve the lives of others . ana exemplified the very best of project renewal and we are heartbroken by this senseless and tragic loss . ' the city 's department of homeless services released a statement saying it was ' deeply saddenened ' by charle 's death . spruill was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon - an autopsy will reveal whether he raped her . he has six prior arrests , including for attempted murder , and was in prison in michigan for assault with a deadly weapon .