known locally as millionaires’ row , the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white art deco houses with private beaches at the end of hove promenade is a real-life version of the tv comedy stella street . the sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities such as michael caine and keith richards living as neighbours . but put the rubbish out here in hove and you could be saying good morning to oscar and grammy award-winning singer adele , little britain comedian and novelist david walliams , dj norman cook and his strictly come dancing wife zoe ball , and former eastenders and heartbeat star nick berry . scroll down for video . one of the white art deco houses on the western esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for £4million . in previous years you might have been greeted by paul mccartney , his then wife heather mills , or even by partying guests such as frank sinatra and ava gardner . the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding on british beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury . and that still seems to be true . with celebrities occupying six of the properties – cook and his wife have three , two for them and one for relatives – that leaves just five other houses . and in a rare event , one of those has just come on the market , for a guide price of £4 million . approached from the back , the cul-de-sac does not look anything special , tucked away behind the warehouses of the working port of shoreham . but sitting in the lounge of malcolm vandenburg’s splendid home on a sunny day , with the sea seemingly lapping at the floor-to-ceiling windows , you could be in miami or malibu . the whole of the back of the house is glass on the ground and first floors . decking stretches on to the beach , and there is a hot tub . stunning : the view of the sea from the property 's modern living room . the whole of the back of the house is glass on the ground and first floors . meet the locals : singer adele has a house in the exclusive cul-de-sac alongside comedian david walliams . ‘ bringing the sea into the house was the aim , ’ says malcolm , a retired harley street doctor . ‘ bizarrely , the former owners didn’t make use of the sea views . so i opened up the back and put the terrace in and the balcony upstairs . ‘ now , when you walk in the front door you can see the sea from everywhere . it took a year but it was well worth it . it still takes my breath away every time i come home . ‘ and sitting outside on the terrace with a fish barbecue with the sound system on full is just perfect . i’ve had a lot of impromptu parties . ’ malcolm , in his 60s and the father of four grown-up children , bought the four-bedroom house in 2010 after moving from london , where he had seen adele perform at the roundhouse in what he describes as his favourite gig of all time . so when the singer moved in to the cul-de-sac , he was ‘starstruck’ . ‘ she has this lovely little dog and , in the summer , when all the doors are open , the dog wanders into my house and adele comes round to find it . she’s completely normal and everyone here is very pleasant and we all get on well , ’ says malcolm . price £4 million . location hove , east sussex . bedrooms 4 . unique features beach for a back garden ; cinema room ; huge dressing room ; high-tech controls for hi-fi , curtains , lighting ; celebrities on every side . he also welcomed walliams and his wife , model lara stone , by taking round a bunch of flowers . unhappily they have now split up . cook popped round one day when he heard that malcolm was selling his vinyl record collection . ‘ i thought he might buy the lot , but he didn’t want any of them , ’ he laughs . the ground floor of malcolm’s house has oak flooring throughout and there is a large entrance hall with a floating staircase , a media/cinema room , kitchen , snug and a 45ft lounge . upstairs , the master suite and bathroom overlook the sea and a huge dressing room is the size of some of the designer clothes shops in the nearby north laine of brighton . malcolm’s home has the latest high-tech automated systems , including a lutron lighting control system , video door entry , digital music and video systems , integrated speakers , motorised curtains – in fact , everything a celebrity would be looking for . so who does he think will buy the house ? has cook already been round with an offer to add to his portfolio ? ‘ no he hasn’t , ’ says malcolm . ‘ i think he’s happy with what he has at the moment . but whoever does buy will never get tired of the wonderful , ever-changing views . like me , they’ll fall in love with it straight away . ’ selling agent jason brand says : ‘ this is the best beach residence to come on the market for years and one of the very few homes in brighton , indeed the uk , to have direct private beach access . ’ 