with a growing focus on the fashion industry to be more widely representative of all body shapes and sizes , one woman has just become a poster girl for this cause - literally . trainee police officer for the met , sophia adams , has just become the new face ( and body ) of 'plus-bust ' lingerie brand , curvy kate , after winning their annual ' star in a bra ' competition . 21-year-old adams , from north west london , beat 1,000 other hopefuls and as a result , has scored a modelling contract with plus-size agency , bridge models . scroll down for video . sophia adams , 21 , has beaten 1,000 other hopefuls to land a coveted modelling contract with london agency bridge models . the trainee police officer will travel to the mediterranean to star in curvy kate 's spring/summer 2016 catalogue . the 21-year-old trainee police officer , who has a 32jj bust , will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean . in an interview with curvy kate following the win , adams highlighted her excitement . she said : ' i was in total disbelief when i first found out i’d won . i couldn’t actually say anything else apart from ‘ shut up’ and ‘ no way’ for the first five minutes of knowing ! ' the brunette will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean . ' i was in total disbelief when i first found out i’d won ' : says adams . the trainee police officer has admitted to not having any previous modelling experience , but that she is excited about the upcoming catalogue shoot . she said : ' i can’t wait to get out to portugal to shoot and see what beautiful pieces i will be modelling ! 'i’m sure the next year will be lots of fun . i don’t have any modelling experience so i’m not really sure what to expect but the element of surprise makes it even more exciting for me . ' runner-up : charlotte buck , 24 , is a crime prevention worker from south staffordshire , has 30g curves and was one of the finalists of the ' star in a bra ' competition . buck studies psychology at university and was one of the top ten finalists for the ' star in a bra ' competition . runner-up : danielle fearon , 24 , has 30gg curves and was another one of the top ten finalists . make-up artist danielle , from toddington , was in the top ten , whittled down from 1,000 hopefuls . the curvy londoner mainly wants to encourage other plus-size women to appreciate their bodies . she added : ' the main thing i want to do is send out a positive message to all women that every shape and size is beautiful , we all have bits we like and bits we don’t like about our bodies but embrace every inch of it ! ' launched in 2009 , curvy kate offer a selection of d-k cup lingerie , designed especially for a fuller bust . runner-up : holly macgillivray , 25 , has a 34hh bust and came in third place for the competition . finalist : macgillivray , from north wales , is a cruise ship singer . finalist : mother-of-two , edinburgh-born nicola graveson , 39 , has a 30g bust and was the oldest in the ' star in a bra ' competition . the brand are known for their use of non-professional models , using ' real ' women to show their consumers how their lingerie will fit on a variety of body shapes . the star in a bra competition saw over 1000 shapely women enter from all corners of the world . the international hopefuls were whittled down to just ten , and the final heat included girls from as far as australia and the usa , as well as , of course , the uk . after enjoying a professional make-over and attending an exclusive photo-shoot in london , the finalists ' images were revealed to the public and put forward for a week-long online vote . finalist : ashley bridges , 30 , has a 30k bust , and is a mother-of-four from woodbridge in virginia . finalist : sydney-born rosalind strong , has a 28hh bust and studied sound engineering . finalist : student megan mcminn , 22 , from bath , has a 30g bust size and runs her own personal style blog . finalist : 24-year-old emma webley is a management consultant from aylesbury , and has a bust size of 34j . the reasoning behind the annual ' star in a bra ' competition has been cited as a response to an outcry for more realistic images in media : ' star in a bra champions the use of relatable role models and promotes a positive approach to body image . ' curvy kate recently used their top ten finalists to spoof victoria 's secret campaign of ' the perfect body ' , instead contesting the idea that there is a ' perfect body ' . victoria 's secret 's tagline purported : ' perfect fit . perfect comfort . perfectly soft . ' whereas curvy kate 's tagline argued : ' every body is beautiful . ' ' every body is beautiful ' : the ten finalists recently took part in a spoof of victoria 's secret exclusive ' perfect body ' campaign .