former manchester united midfielder quinton fortune claims neymar looked a shadow of his former self during barcelona 's slender 1-0 la liga win over celta vigo . barcelona ensured they remained four points clear of title rivals real madrid by scrapping to a hard-fought victory over mid-table outfit celta vigo . however despite the win , fortune insists barcelona boss luis enrique should be concerned by neymar 's body language during the la liga encounter . quinton fortune claims neymar looked uncomfortable during barcelona 's 1-0 win over celta vigo . neymar , pictured with fellow barcelona superstar lionel messi , struggled to impress against celta vigo . the brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for barcelona . fortune , speaking on sky sports , said during the interval of barcelona 's match at balaidos : ' neymar has not been himself for the last couple of weeks . ' you expect neymar to at least hit the target [ when he shoots at goal ] . his body language does not look right . ' neymar 's last league goal came against levante on february 15 and he has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a barcelona shirt . fortune , who himself played in spain during his time at mallorca and atletico madrid in the 1990s , went on to praise barcelona for having a plan b when it came to breaking down celta vigo 's resilient defence . jeremy mathieu ( right ) heads home in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo . celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde ( right ) is unable to stop the powerful header from mathieu . he added : ‘ the win is very important for the whole team . it was a bit of quality . that is what happens when you do not score against barcelona when you are on top . ' barcelona have been playing nice football for years but it seems like they are now capable of scoring from set pieces . ‘ barcelona are not playing well and still getting results . they did the same thing against real madrid because i thought madrid were the better side but they have the know-how . ’ enrique 's side claimed all three points thanks to a close-range bullet header by jeremy mathieu in the 73rd minute . gerard pique ( right ) and sergio busquets join the french defender in celebrating mathieu 's second-half goal . 