a terrified woman has revealed her estranged husband’s chilling plot to have her killed , not once , but twice . angie donohue has told how her husband of four years , daryl scott donohue , 43 , had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell . ‘ i was frightened of him , i was just terrified of him , ’ mrs donohue revealed in an interview with a current affair . scroll down for video . angie donohue broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell . daryl scott donohue tried to kill his wife , not once , but twice . over the course of their marriage , ms donohue was forced into hiding after donohue stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘ various people’ to kill her for money . ms donohue said that when they started the doomed romance , donohue was a ‘ nice , sweet and fun loving guy’ who appeared ‘normal’ . after dating for about a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding . ms donohue said it was on the day that was meant to be the happiest of her life that she discovered her husband-to-be was not the man she thought he was . ‘ he didn’t even make eye contact with me and i remember saying the night we were married “ why didn’t you look at me ? ” he told her it was nerves but in that moment she knew something wasn’t quite right . ‘ he didn’t even make eye contact with me and i remember saying the night we were married “ why didn’t you look at me ? ” the couple both had children to previous relationships and ms donohue said she had no intentions of having any more children , but donohue convinced her they should try for another baby . once ms donohue fell pregnant , she said things started to get progressively worse . ‘ once i got pregnant it was like the real person emerged and it was kind of frighting . ’ she said he became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do . ‘ everything i did had to have approval… it was like a switch was flicked , ’ she revealed in the emotional interview . ms donohue explained her husband became increasingly possessive , always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do . she said his controlling behaviour seeped into every aspect of her life ; she couldn’t shop , eat or go out without his consent . he had taken control of all their finances . at this stage , ms donohue was faced with news that her unborn child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive . her son’s health became her main focus and as ms donohue started to approach the end of her pregnancy , the tasmanian was told she needed to go to melbourne so specialists could monitor the final stages of her complicated pregnancy.. . after giving birth , ms donohue’s son was rushed to intensive care . she said she 'd finally had enough and worked up the courage to leave her controlling husband . ms donohue was faced with tragic news that her child was very unwell and he would require multiple surgeries to survive . after the birth of their son , ms donohue was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change . ‘i’d actually said to him “ this isn’t how i’d imagined my life” but he eventually promised that he would change . ’ ms donohue decided to give him another chance and stayed for several more years until donohue stooped to a new low , striking his youngest and most vulnerable son . ‘ i turned around and said “ how dare you effing hit him ? you know that he’s had a stroke , he’s had brain damage so why on earth would you smack him in the face ? '' ' donohue stooped to a new low , striking his youngest and most vulnerable son which prompted ms donohue to confront him about his behaviour . he told her he lashed out because their son ‘wouldn’t effing shut up’ . ms donohue told her husband he had no right to touch their son like that and if he wanted to hit someone , he could hit her , to which he responded ‘i’m going to do one better’ . ms donohue then took her children and left her abusive husband but he started to stalk the family . ‘ he was everywhere , ’ she said . ms donohue revealed he broke into the house , tampered with her facebook account , accessed her emails and even attempted to hide out on her children 's school grounds . she took this information to police but they told her there was little they could do for her . ‘ he was taunting me , ’ she added . ms donohue revealed her husband had broken into their house , he 'd tampered with her facebook account , accessed her emails and even attempted to hide on her kid 's school grounds . she said she knew he was planning to kill her and he may well have succeeded if donohue hadn’t made a crucial mistake that would alert police to his troubling behaviour . donohue followed his estranged wife into an undercover car park where he smashed her rear breaklight , allegedly so he could easily follow her at night . the carpark was covered in cctv cameras and he was caught in the act . armed with the camera footage as evidence , police launched a major investigation into daryl scott donohue . the blurry cctv footage shows donohue before he proceeded to smash his wife 's break lights . they soon learned ms donohue 's fear was justified as they learned he had tried to hire a hit man to murder his wife . ‘ they told me a little bit . they told me enough to keep me aware that daryl was trying to hire someone to kill me , ’ she said . ‘ the police turned around and said we need you to go away for a while , so we did . ’ ms donohue and her children hid out in a hotel while an undercover officer posed as a hit man and went to meet donohue . he offered the officer $ 10,000 in cash to carry out the hit . police immediately arrested donohue for trying to incite his wife’s murder . ‘ i got the phone call saying its over , he’s been arrested . ’ a photographer captured the moment donohue was arrested for stalking and inciting his wife 's murder . police told her that her husband had approached ‘ various people’ offering them money to ‘ to get rid’ of her . donohue plead guilty to both stalking and inciting murder and in feburary , 2013 , he was sentenced four years in jail . ms donohue was devastated he wasn’t put away for longer but she hoped while donohue was behind bars , her family would be safe . ‘ we thought , right , at least for four years , we can get on with our lives . we can just try and be normal . ’ she said her son’s performance at school started to improve and slowly her life started to get better . ‘ we thought , right , at least for four years , we can get on with our lives . we can just try and be normal’ . unbeknownst to ms donohue her husband was still plotting her murder , for the second time , from inside his jail cell . he approached inmates who he knew were about to go on parole and offered them cash to track down his wife and kill her . scott , who was serving a three month sentence for burglary , was one of two inmates he offered $ 25,000 to murder ms donohue . he said donohue would plan ways he could kill his wife , and her parents , so he could gain full custody of his children . scott , who was serving a three month sentence for burglary , was one of two inmates he offered $ 25,000 to murder ms donohue . he allegedly suggested he should cut her break lines and then interfere with her pacemaker . he even offered up a plan to kill her parents by putting cyanide in their milk before texting ms donohue off their phone , to lure her to her own death . ‘ he turned around and said if its not done in three weeks , i’ll have someone else to do it , ’ scott told a current affair . when scott was released from prison , he immediately went to authorities and provided key information that lead to donohue being charged for a second time . in feburary this year , donohue was found guilty by a court of law for inciting his wife’s murder , again . he was sentenced to a further seven years in jail . ‘ you live in fear and you hate that somebody has that kind of control over you from inside prison’ . ms donohue was taken aback that her husband could still try and hurt her from behind bars . ‘ you live in fear and you hate that somebody has that kind of control over you from inside prison , ’ she said . donohue , who showed no remorse , underwent psychiatric testing where it was confirmed he had no mental illnesses that could have contributed to his twisted behaviour . while ms donohue would like to believe her ordeal is over , she said she still feels ‘unsafe’ . ‘ i have no doubt that he’s just not going to let go . he’s one very angry person and he wants me dead . i don’t feel safe . ’ ms donohue has been offered to join witness protection but she said it isn’t an option . she believes her children need to be surrounded by the people who know and love them . ‘ i thought i picked a sensible person . i thought i picked a safe person but it turned out i picked anything but and it turns out i put those kids in danger’ . ms donohue said she still feels guilty for bringing this man into her children’s lives . ‘ i thought i picked a sensible person . i thought i picked a safe person but it turned out i picked anything but and it turns out i put those kids in danger . ’ ms donohue said she wants as many people as possible to hear her story , and see the face of her killer husband , in case he ever makes another attempt on her life . donohue is reportedly trying to appeal his second , seven-year , conviction however a hearing date is yet to be determined .