when disaster strikes more people than ever are able to capture the drama – thanks to the rise of the smart mobile phone . whether someone is caught up in a terrifying avalanche , shipwrecked at sea , or skydivers are caught in a deadly collision , phone cameras and helmet-cams are able to record every heart-stopping moment and broadcast them around the world . a new series , chaos caught on camera , premieres on science channel monday , april 13 , and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama , giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations . scroll down for videos . the first episode of chaos : caught on camera airs on the science channel at 10pm on monday , april 13 . a battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the mjejane reserve in south africa will be seen on the show . an illinois man had his camera on hand as a deadly f4 tornado tore through his town and caused destruction . the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage , giving viewers a very intense experience as if they 're actually there in the disaster-zone . each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics , illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival . skydiving instructor mike robinson was one person who found himself in a sticky situation – after a plane collided with the aircraft he was in . together with eight other experienced skydivers and two pilots from skydive superior split between cessna 182 aircraft , mike was preparing to make the last jump of the day at 4,000ft in wisconsin . each skydiver was equipped with cameras on their headgear – but none knew they were about to live through an event more commonly seen in a hollywood blockbuster . the two aircrafts were flying in formation and the skydivers had planned to jump in tandem . mike was travelling in the lead plane with three other skydivers and they had all moved onto the outside of the plane and were poised to jump . three skydivers in the following plane were in the same position with the remaining two ready inside the aircraft . suddenly , the second plane crashed into the lead , pinning one skydiver in between the two aircraft . cameras were rolling when one plane crashed into another , pinning one skydiver in between the two aircraft . the situation became deadly when leaking fuel ignited but none of the passengers sustained serious injuries . the two planes broke into fiery pieces and hurtled to the earth while witnesses looked on and shot video . three skydivers were thrown into the air as the starboard wing of the lead plane broke off . the situation became deadly when leaking fuel ignited . footage taken from the jumper’s headgear shows the pilot urging the remaining skydivers to jump from the burning plane . the divers tumbled into the air as fireball engulfed one of the planes – but luckily both pilots jumped free . remarkably , none of the jumpers or pilots sustained serious injuries and all landed safely on the ground , enabling them to watch the two planes break into fiery pieces and hurtle to the earth . but danger doesn’t just occur thousands of feet above the air , as marc wells and daughter josie found . marc had his camera to hand as a deadly tornado tore through his town in illinois . but when it became clear the category f4 storm – one lower than the most deadly – was heading his way , marc fled to his underground storm shelter with his daughter and dog . and despite being safe in the bunker , the merciless storm can be heard ripping apart their home in the astonishing camera footage . the 300km/h wind had torn nearby houses into pieces and had destroyed marc’s home in just six seconds . caught-on-camera footage can also reveal incredible moments of escape and rescue . a diver in the gulf of guinea was sent to retrieve the bodies of a sunken tugboat when he found a survivor . each occurrence in the show is deconstructed with graphics , illustrations and an explanation of the facts . the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage . one of the most astonishing pieces of footage features in the second episode . a diver in the gulf of guinea had been sent to retrieve the bodies of a sunken tugboat . the jascon 4 had been 30m under water for three days and all 12 members of the crew were believed to have perished . but as diver , whose camera and sound was fed back to dcn diving team in a nearby rescue vessel , swam through the wreckage , he came across the hand of what he believed to be a corpse . he nearly had a heart-attack as the hand suddenly grabbed his own . he said : “there’s someone alive . he’s alive . i almost had a heart attack now ! ” the hand belonged to harrison okene , a 29-year-old nigerian who had worked on the boat as a cook . harrison had been trapped in a small air pocket in the dark at the bow of the boat , which lay upside down on the ocean floor . the traumatised man had survived on just a can of coke for three days , uncertain if help would ever come . his rescuer attached him to an oxygen mask and freed him from the stricken vessel – but sadly he was the only survivor of the shipwreck . the show also explores incredible wildlife footage as an impala flees a deadly cheetah by jumping into an open car window . and mark robert , an experienced climber , captured footage as he lost his footing while climbing the near vertical parsley fern gully in snowdonia and tumbled down the mountainside . chaos : caught on camera , produced by barcroft productions for discovery networks international , airs on science channel at 10pm and 10:30pm on monday , april 13 . 