more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ' extensive ' plumbing repairs . workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone . scroll down for video . more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ' extensive ' plumbing repairs . ' everybody just panicked and started crying , ' deli department manager venanzi luna told cnn money . walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location . full-time workers who are n't able to secure another job at the corporation by june could be eligible for a severance package , but part-time workers will not be eligible . pico rivera city manager rene bobadilla said this was the ' first time ' he was hearing of walmart 's sewer problems and that store 's sudden closure was ' abnormal ' , he told reuters . walmart has not yet requested any building or city plumbing permits , according to employees and city officials . some employees of the pico rivera location believe the store is being closed because it has recently become a center for protests by workers who are demanding better wages and benefits . the pico rivera location was one of the first to stage a black friday protest in 2012 . some employees of the pico rivera location ( pictured during a 2013 protest ) believe the store is being closed because it has become a center for protests by workers demanding better wages and benefits . walmart recently announced it will raise the store 's minimum hourly wage to $ 9 an hour . store representatives have met with city officials in livingston , texas , where 422 employees lost their jobs . livingston city manager marilyn sutton said the corporation claimed the plumbing problems were ' ongoing and pervasive ' and that permits will not be requested until walmart determines what specific repairs need to be made . in a statement , walmart said it aims to ' reopen ' the stores ' as soon as these issues are resolved and improvements are made . ' a spokesman said the five affected stores have nothing else in common except that they have been plagued with plumbing problems for the past two years .