didier drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and john terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview . it was as if these two warriors might collapse on camera if either of them moved , so they clung on and spoke happily if wearily after supplying the goals which fuelled this fight-back at leicester . drogba is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely than leading the line through 90 minutes at the sharp end of the season . centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of jose mourinho’s . ramires celebrates his stunning third goal by putting the ball under his shirt as he congratulated by cesar azpilicueta . ramires ( right ) struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point . ramires 's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour - leaving kasper schmeichel in the leicester goal no chance . john terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to chelsea with a close-range finish that schmeichel could not stop . terry ( right ) flicks home from close range after a scramble in the leicester box following a chelsea corner . didier drogba ( centre ) was the star of the show for chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time .  leicester ( 3-5-2 ) : schmeichel 6 ; wasilewski 6.5 , huth 6 ( de laet 24 , 7 ) , morgan 6.5 ; albrighton 7 , king 6 ( james 18 min , 6 ) , drinkwater 6.5 , cambiasso 7 , konchesky 6 ; ulloa 6 , vardy 7.5 ( mahrez 77 ) . subs not used : schwarzer , hammond , wood , kramaric . goals : albrighton 45 . bookings : konchesky , manager : nigel pearson 7 . chelsea ( 4-2-3-1 ) : cech 7 ; ivanovic 6 , cahill 7 , terry 6.5 , azpilicueta 6.5 ; ramires 6.5 , matic 6 ; willian 8 ( zouma 84 ) , fabregas 6 ( mikel 90 ) , hazard 7 ( cuadrado 88 ) ; drogba 7 . subs not used : courtois , luis , ake , oscar . goals : drogba 48 , terry 79 , ramires 83 . manager : jose mourinho 6.5 . man of the match : willian . referee : mark clattenburg 6 . attendance : 32,021 . despite being 38 , didier drogba played a crucial part in chelsea 's win - and covered a lot of grass as shown by his heat map above . for more stats , figures and facts visit our brilliant match zone service .  but he and terry are not shaped that way and the pride burned through their yellow shirts as they led their team-mates to salute three thousand noisy chelsea supporters in the corner of the king power stadium . they had trailed to a goal from marc albrighton after a slightly lethargic first-half display but came out inspired and soon levelled through drogba , before terry put the londoners ahead , 12 minutes from time , and ramires curled the third into the top corner . the strike by ramires triggered an ironic chorus of ' boring boring chelsea ' from the visiting fans and they sang long into the night , aware that their team can be crowned champions on sunday at stamford bridge if they beat crystal palace . mourinho tried to play down the party vibe but they will come in expectation because this has the feel of a procession after breaking through an awkward sequence of games with only one fit centre-forward , who happened to be 37 . drogba ( right ) levels for chelsea after beating leicester city defender ritchie de laet ( centre ) to the ball . drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past leicester goalkeeper schmeichel . drogba ( right ) wheels away in celebration as his team-mates eden hazard ( left ) and willian ( centre ) congratulate him . drogba is mobbed by his jubilant chelsea team-mates after make it 1-1 just minutes into the second half . chelsea . crystal palace ( home ) - may 3 . liverpool ( home ) - may 10 . west brom ( away ) - may 18 . sunderland ( home ) - may 24 . leicester . newcastle ( home ) - may 2 . southampton ( home ) - may 9 . sunderland ( away ) - may 16 . qpr ( home ) - may 24 . drogba’s legs don’t cover quite the same ground at quite the same rate as they once did . he rarely gets clear of the back-line , it has been a long time since he screamed one into the top corner and his touch can be heavy . until wednesday night it had been a long time since he found the net . you have to go all the way back to newcastle away in december , when he came on in a bid to rescue chelsea from their first defeat of the campaign , and almost managed it . drogba has an impossible-to-pin-down ability to influence the game and his desire glows as fiercely as ever . he energised chelsea with the equaliser - just as he once did in munich in the champions league final . he missed chances and he might have scored more , but he never stopped showing for the ball or leading by example to those team-mates who have yet to cross this finish-line in a title race , as injured striker diego costa and loic remy looked on from the stands . mourinho wanted all of his squad to travel and prepare together at st george’s park as a show of solidarity as they closed in on the goal . this was where the head-tennis video was filmed which went viral on wednesday . six chelsea players headed the ball back and forth across the dinner table until it reached john obi mikel , on the end , who nodded it into a bin . judging by the celebrations which followed , remy is not far from a return . marc albrighton calmly side-foots leicester in to the lead after a slip from cesar azpilicueta , who tries to make an amends with a block . albrighton ( centre ) manages to find the back of the net despite the efforts of petr cech ( left ) and gary cahill on the line . albrighton ( right ) celebrates opening the scoring after an assist from jamie vardy ( left ) . leicester 's players mob albrighton after his goal puts them up in a vital game in their battle against relegation . albrighton finished off a leicester move which originally started in their own half - click here for more stats from our brilliant match zone . chelsea 's players looked dejected after falling behind to albrighton 's goal just before the end of the second half . on wednesday , it was over to the legends who have made the journey before to respond to the challenge set down by nigel pearson’s vibrant team , who offered more evidence , even in defeat , that they are capable of surviving the drop . terry scored his seventh of the season , forcing the ball in from close range after kasper schmeichel had saved from gary cahill at a corner . and petr cech came in for thibaut courtois and played superbly , making a crucial save to thwart paul konchesky when the game was goalless . courtois hurt his hip during sunday’s draw at arsenal and was on the bench . cech came in for only his fifth premier league game of the season , but buoyed by the knowledge he had not conceded in this competition for more than a year . leicester started at a healthy tempo , seeking to use the electric pace of jamie vardy , only to see their rhythm disrupted to injuries which forced andy king and robert huth off before the interval . chelsea dominated from midway through the first half but that did not prevent leicester from taking the lead on the break when matty james released vardy down the left . vardy beat terry to the ball and cut his cross low and deep . it might have been aimed at leonardo ulloa , but it bypassed the argentine striker and cesar azpilicueta slipped as he tried to adjust his feet . esteban cambiasso seemed to be accused by cheslea 's players of stamping of eden hazard ( on the floor left ) . drogba ( left ) misses with a right-footed shot from inside the box in the first half as he is closed down by leicester captain wes morgan . marcin wasilewski ( right ) dives to stop a low effort by chelsea right back azpilicueta ( centre ) . robert huth went off after just 24 minutes - leicester 's second injury of the game after andy james also went off earlier . fabregas again played in a protective face mark to protect his broken nose - sustained in a collision with charlie adam earlier this month . chelsea manager jose mourinho ( right ) and leicester city boss nigel pearson have a talk in the tunnel before kick off . the upshot was a simple finish for albrighton , arriving late with the ball set nicely and cech’s goal hopelessly exposed . he had not scored for more than four years but he made no mistake , sliding it low into the net . the king power erupted as home fans detected an improbably fifth win on the bounce and another year in this lofty company . but drogba soon punctured those hopes when he reacted swiftly to beat substitute ritchie de laet to a low cross from branislav ivanovic and hooked it past schmeichel . it was a different game from this point . chelsea had re-emerged in a different mood . there was extra urgency about their game and they would go on to win by more than one goal for the first time since a 5-0 win against swansea in mid-january . drogba fired one chance over and another wide but terry produced the second , just as it seemed mourinho would have to settle for a point . it could have been many more but ramires made it three . and it wasn’t boring at all .