an owl breeder has come up with a novel idea to help him tell his young fledglings apart - by giving them brightly coloured manicures . jay brittain , 63 , was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre , herefordshire , look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them , which can be fatal for the birds . so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own ' talon salon ' . the first born tawny owl is given orange talons , the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born , pink . scroll down for video . talon salon : an owl breeder has come up with a novel idea to help him tell his young fledglings apart - by giving them brightly coloured manicures . so far , a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mother 's have been given the colourful makeovers at the centre in kington , herefordshire . the first born tawny owl gets orange talons , the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born , pink . alice pond applies nail paint to a baby tawny owl which hatched on april 8 at small breeds farm park and owl centre . staff use ordinary nail varnish for the job . staff at the farm park have to feed baby mice to the little owlets within 12 hours of hatching and initially three or four times every day . but after three days their feeds reduce to three times a day and , by two months , they need to eat twice a day . mr brittain said : ' it is just normal ladies ' nail varnish . it is as simple as that . it is important to keep accurate records and it is important to not to overfeed any one of the single owls . ' so to make sure we can see the ages we do this . they all look very similar ' . mr brittain said : ' it is just normal ladies ' nail varnish . it is as simple as that . ' it is important to keep accurate records and it is important to not to overfeed any one of the single owls . ' so to make sure we can see the ages we do this . they all look very similar . ' we paint the nails then we know which ones have been fed and which ones have not . ' it also means that we know exactly which is first born and second born , or hatched rather , and so on . alice pond applies purple nail paint to a baby tawny owl . the fledglings look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them , which can be fatal for the birds . mr brittain , who has been breeding owls for 22 years , said the risks of overfeeding can be fatal . he added : ' owlets need to eat more food the older they get but if you do overfeed them it can be very dangerous . ' they could die . the food just sits in the stomach ' . jay brittain applies nail paint to a baby tawny owl which hatched on april 8 . the owls talons are simply painted and not filed in any way . ' so each one family member in one clutch is painted a different colour depending on when they were born . ' we have for instance three tawny owls from one clutch , or family , so we have painted their nails three different colours according to when they were hatched . ' mr brittain , who has been breeding owls for 22 years , said the risks of overfeeding can be fatal . he added : ' owlets need to eat more food the older they get but if you do overfeed them it can be very dangerous . ' they could die . the food just sits in the stomach . ' it is a bit like us having a really heavy lunch or dinner . they just lie there and they are not in any way active . painted nails on a baby tawny owl . the new owls will go to other farm parks , zoos , breeding centres or private collectors when they are old enough . ' it should be a lesson for us all really . something to remember next time we have a sunday lunch . ' staff at the farm park have to feed baby mice to the little owlets within 12 hours of hatching and initially three or four times every day . but after three days their feeds reduce to three times a day and , by two months , they need to eat twice a day . they are fully grown at three-months-old and are able to break up the food themselves . animal carer alice pond said : ' in the wild , owls only live three to five years but in captivity they live a lot longer . ' we have a tawny owl that is about 20 years old . he was rescued from the weobley area of the county by jay and he is still here . ' the new owls will go to other farm parks , zoos , breeding centres or private collectors when they are old enough . 