the youngest designer to ever show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia is also committed to improving working conditions in cambodia , where his heritage lies . khim hang , 22 , displayed his bold collection han with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . and that 's exactly where he takes his inspiration from , citing his parents ' escape from the khmer rouge as the key reason for his commitment to looking after workers in his family 's home country , and ethically producing his products . scroll down for video . hot right now : khim hang is thought to be the youngest designer to show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia at just 22 years of age ( pictured : his catwalk presentation this week ) . making a splash : the brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers . ' i 've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage , ' hang , who is based in brisbane , told sbs backstage . ' i 've been doing a lot of research about cambodia in the 1960s… and for me it 's a reinterpretation of what this culture once was , and what it is now , ' he added . hang has also spoken about his hesitance to visit cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee pol pot , leader of the khmer rouge . ' i 've recently been doing a lot of travel back to where my family 's from in cambodia and i just recently opened up a factory over there , ' he told news corp ahead of his show . ' i 've been really inspired by my culture and my heritage , ' the brisbane-based designer said . the han collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence . hang ( front right ) collaborated with fashion blogger margaret zhang ( pictured with models ) for the runway show . ' we 've got about 15 staff at the moment , we pay double the minimum wage and we also provide childcare facilities for our staff 's children , ' the designer revealed . he also spoke to the publication about trying to improve working conditions in the country that has been through so much . hang said his father has vivid memories of daring escapes to try and reach the thai border , once falling into a pit of rotting bodies . the designer revealed that many people from cambodia do n't know what it 's like to be involved in the fashion industry at any level higher than working in a factory , and he wanted to change that with han . together hang and zhang put on a bold show on wednesday at carriageworks in sydney . the designer is passionate about the working conditions of factory employees in cambodia . fashion blogger margaret zhang worked with hang on the collection as the stylist , and together the pair put on a bold show on wednesday at carriageworks in sydney . the punk-look collection also reflected a strong oriental influence in a nod to hang 's cultural background . the line featured oriental-influenced prints and tailoring along military lines as seen in kimono jackets , waist ties , loose pants and eyebrow raising stocking shoes and caps with the overall look one of war soldier meets lay monk .