two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men 's health . the mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication . in an interview in the latest issue of the magazine , released on thursday april 2 the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art . lewis hamilton poses for the latest edition of men 's health magazine released on thursday april 2 . hamilton looks to the skies as he shows off some of his tattoos as he explains the meaning behind them . hamilton 's tattoos and what they mean . the two-time formula one champion features on the front cover of the new issue . ' i love my ink , ' hamilton explains . ' they all have a meaning . i 'm very strong in my faith , so i wanted to have some religious images . i 've got pieta , a michelangelo sculpture of mary holding jesus after he came off the cross , on my shoulder . ' a sacred heart on my arm . musical notes , because i love music . the compass on my chest is there because church is my compass . ' family is everything for me , so i have `` family '' written on the top , across my shoulders . `` faith '' , obviously . ' and i have `` powerful beyond measure '' written on my chest – it 's a short bit i took out of a quote from the writer marianne williamson . on my back i have the cross and angel wings : rise above it , no matter what life throws at you . ' hamilton believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans but he describes the physical demands on his body and the amount of training required . ' well , i 'm an athlete , but people tend not to see that with f1 drivers . i train to quite an intense level because formula 1 is so physical – the g-forces , the demands on your body . your heart rate is 150 , 160 through the whole race . the mercedes driver poses during the photoshoot for the may 's issue of men 's health . during the interview hamilton discusses his body art and the physical demands of f1 . hamilton finished second to sebastian vettel at the malaysian grand prix last sunday . ' on qualifying lap your heart rate can be up to 180 , 190 under tough conditions . every year you 've got to be as light as you can . ' there 's a certain weight limit , depending on how heavy the car can be . last year i had to lose six kilos , i went from 73kg to 67kg . it was hardcore ; i did n't have much to lose as it was . so i train a lot . ' the full interview appears in the may 2015 issue of men 's health , on sale 2nd april . also available in digital edition on apple newsstand .