an undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an uber driver is assigned to the joint terrorism task force , it has emerged . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry . one of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in west village . scroll down for video . detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him . the driver , named only as humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry . the officer has been named by the new york daily news as detective patrick cherry of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force . detective cherry was trying to park his hyundai without indicating when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn . the angered detective pulled over the uber cab and launched a tirade , questioning the diver 's command of the english language as well as his car control skills . detective cherry is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board following a complaint of ' discourtesy ' . president of the detectives endowment association said detective cherry had been visiting his colleague detective harry hill who had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery and was very stressed . he said : ' the past five days have been emotionally draining for the members of the jttf dealing with their fellow detective 's health . ' despite what some people think , cops have feelings , too . ' during the three-minute video , detective cherry shouts : ' i do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think you 're appropriate in doing that ; that 's not the way it works . how long have you been in this country ? ' the two passengers in the backseat of the car can be heard assuring the driver that he has done nothing wrong , with one of them saying ; ' it 's not your fault ; this guy 's just a d*** . ' moments later the cop returns with a ticket , this after he has pounded on the car and , according to one of the passengers , thrown things in the vehicle . as the driver agrees with everything the cop says , he manages to cut off the man , which sends him into another tirade as he screams ; ' i do n't know what f****** planet you 're on right now ! ' the officer also mocks the driver 's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words . passengers in the cab claimed that detective cherry failed to indicate before attempting to park his hyundai . according to the new york daily news , the nypd has seen the video and said in a statement ; ' we are aware of the incident and video and it is under review with the department’s internal affairs bureau . ' ' our uber driver , humayun , was abused by a police officer today in new york , ' sanjay seth , who took the video , wrote on his facebook page on monday . ' the unending rage , door slamming , throwing items into the car , threatening arrest without cause was bad enough - but the officer 's remarks at the end really took it to another level . ' uber said in a statement ; ' the behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the nypd investigating the incident . we are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs . '