the 18-year-old student who was filmed biting the head off a live hamster has been expelled from his fraternity , withdrawn from college and submitted for mental assessment . dailymail.com last weekend exposed brady eaves , the privately-educated stepson of a former mississippi governor candidate , as the teenager who shrieked with laughter as he murdered the small animal in a video from a drunken spring break party . the footage , allegedly filmed in florida , could see eaves charged with felony animal cruelty charges , which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $ 5,000 in fines . in a statement branding his actions ' disturbing ' and ' disappointing ' , eaves ' stepfather and mother revealed he has been withdrawn from the university of mississippi , where he was on a scholarship , and submitted for mental health tests . it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned eaves ' actions and expelled him from the fraternity . pictured : this is brady eaves ( right ) , the privately-educated fraternity brother , described by friends as an ' animal lover ' , who was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party . horrific : this video shows university of mississippi student brady eaves , 18 , biting the head off a live hamster at a spring break party in florida . the stunt could see him charged with felony animal cruelty . a censored picture of the hamster 's head and front arms shared exclusively with dailymail.com via snapchat . elite family : his stepfather is john arthur eaves jr , pictured with his mother angel eaves , during the 2007 campaign for governor of mississippi . eaves jr , the democratic candidate , lost and is now a pro-life lawyer . his stepfather john arthur eaves jr , who was the democratic candidate in mississippi 's 2007 gubernatorial elections , and mother angel eaves told the press : ' let everyone please be assured that we do not take the subject of animal cruelty lightly , nor do we in any way condone the behavior displayed in the recent video of our son that has gone viral on the internet . ' the actions that appear in the video go against everything that our son has been taught , and we can assure everyone that his actions are not what he believes in his heart , nor are true to his character . ' they added : ' as parents we are obviously and very seriously concerned about the well-being of our son . we have withdrawn him from school , and fully intend on professionally assessing why he behaved in such a horrible way , and what we must do as a family to keep this type of behavior from ever happening again . ' sources close to eaves told dailymail.com he was top of his class at private jackson preparatory school , and described him as an ' animal lover ' whose numerous pets include a raccoon and a parrot . however , last weekend the teenager from madison , ms , swept the internet in a video that showed him pull a hamster from a cage , bite off its head , and hurl its body into the distance . he is a star soccer player with a scholarship at the university of mississippi where he is a phi delt brother . eaves ( circled ) is pictured at jackson preparatory school after winning his scholarship to college . graphic : he bites , spits , then throws the rest of the animal over a fence . sources close to eaves described him as an ' animal lover ' who has numerous pets including a raccoon and a parrot at home in madison , ms . beaming : eaves , and other party-goers , shriek with laughter and beam gleefully into the camera . sources told dailymail.com the students force-fed the hamster vodka and 'hot-boxed ' its cage with marijuana . according to sources connected to the incident , the party of college students force-fed the hamster vodka and 'hot-boxed ' its cage with marijuana before the sickening stunt . his stepfather john arthur eaves jr , a born-again christian who was slammed for blaming unemployment on the state 's hispanic population during his 2007 election campaign , did not respond to dailymail.com 's request for a comment last week before releasing a statement a day later . now ceo of eaves law firm in jackson , mississippi , eaves jr has unsuccessfully run for state governor and u.s. congress . he lost to the republican incumbent haley barbour , winning 42 per cent of the vote , following controversial claims about the state 's growing latino population . his clients today include victims of the costa concordia cruise boat crash . he has three sons from his first marriage , and a young daughter with brady 's mother , advertising executive angel eaves , in leafy madison , ms . in the video , his stepson brady is surrounded by friends in beachwear who shriek with laughter as he pulls the animal from a blue cage . the footage starts with the voice of one party-goer balking : ' oh my f***ing god ! no way ! ' screaming : eaves bellows a yell and smiles into the camera as party-goers look on open-mouthed . others can be heard jeering : ' so good ! so good ! ' hurling the hamster over a fence , eaves bellows a yell as others are seen grinning and laughing behind him . the video was uploaded to youtube on friday night under the name ' psycho drunk spring breaker bites head off of hamster ' . within minutes , it was removed from the video-sharing site for violating its codes of conduct . caching the video , animal rights group peta launched a manhunt to track eaves down . stephanie bell , peta 's cruelty casework director , told dailymail.com they plan to press charges . ' it is horrific , ' bell said . ' animal abuse is a community concern . people who abuse animals rarely do so only once and almost never stop there . ' the link between cruelty to animals and inter-personal violence is undeniable . many of our nation 's serial killers and most school shooters share a history of animal abuse . ' often , humans and animals are abused at the same time . for example , the guy who kicks the family dog is likely abusing his spouse and children too . cruelty to animals is always a red flag . ' first , as the parents of brady eaves , let everyone please be assured that we do not take the subject of animal cruelty lightly , nor do we in any way condone the behavior displayed in the recent video of our son that has gone viral on the internet . the actions that appear in the video go against everything that our son has been taught , and we can assure everyone that his actions are not what he believes in his heart , nor are true to his character . while we are extremely disappointed and greatly disturbed by his actions , as his parents , we know brady to be a very bright and talented young man with a huge heart . as parents we are obviously and very seriously concerned about the well-being of our son . we have withdrawn him from school , and fully intend on professionally assessing why he behaved in such a horrible way , and what we must do as a family to keep this type of behavior from ever happening again . raising teenagers in today’s world , as most caring and loving parents realize , can challenge the best of us . we will continue to love our son with all of our hearts and be right there by his side as our family addresses this situation . we would sincerely appreciate that all parents who have gone through similar incidents with their children , and the entire community please keep us in their thoughts and prayers . thank you , john & angel eaves .