a ' greedy ' cashier who stole £15,000 from a currency exchange and blew it on living a high-flying lifestyle was told by a judge it was time to ' get her hands dirty ' . fashion conscious shanice farier , 22 , from derby , earned a ' decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste , the court heard . she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ' an opulent lifestyle ' , said judge john burgess . farier appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag , and even posed for pictures outside court . shanice farier ( pictured ) appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag . ' greedy ' cashier shanice farier , 22 , poses at the top of the steps outside court were she was found guilty of stealing £15,000 from her employer , kanoo travel in derby . the judge ordered farier ( pictured ) to 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ' i hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty ' . judge burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work , adding that he hopes she will ' get her hands dirty ' . the judge said : ' she 's got all the advantages in life . she 's not a person who needs help with a gambling , drug or drink problem . she 's just greedy . ' he then turned to her and added : ' unpaid work for the community is not intended to be humiliating , but i hope for every hour you are doing it , you remember why you are there . ' she was involved in handling different currencies for the firm but on 12 separate occasions she took money for herself before entering the remainder into the company 's books . farier admitted stealing of £15,336 from her employer between october 2012 and february 2013 and converting criminal property between january 2013 and february 2014 . stuart lody , prosecuting , said said she had n't worked for kanoo long before she started stealing and they soon noticed ' an unusual pattern of discrepancy emanating from the derby office ' . farier was questioned but denied any wrongdoing and even tried to point the finger at other employees . but her dishonesty was exposed and she was subject to an internal disciplinary procedure and dismissed . farier was questioned but denied any wrongdoing and even tried to point the finger at other employees . judge john burgess said farier ( pictured ) had told the probation service that she thought ' it was too easy ' . mr lody said : ' she began working for the company in march 2012 and it was n't long before she started stealing from her employer . perhaps she did n't realise how tightly financial systems are controlled . ' stuart newsam , for farier , said : ' this offending is out of character . she did n't consider the consequences of her actions and thoroughly regrets now what she did . ' judge john burgess said farier had told the probation service that she thought ' it was too easy ' . the judge handed her a 10-month jail sentence suspended for 18 months , with 240 hours of unpaid work , adding : ' i hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty . ' a spokesman for the company said : ' kanoo would like to thank derbyshire police for their handling of the investigation and has nothing further to add to the judge 's comments in court . ' a proceeds of crime hearing will be held at derby crown court on june 23 . 