it has been at the root of division and persecution for centuries , but it seems that the white skin of most modern europeans did not evolve in europe at all . now genetic research has revealed that ancient european populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought . rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from africa around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight , these first homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour . scroll down for video . this graphic above shows the influx of genes to europe that brought lighter skin colour and taller body shapes , according to the new research on ancient human remains conducted by geneticists at harvard university . genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . it was not until 7,800 years ago , when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared . dna analysis obtained from ancient human remains has shown that as these farmers bred with the dark skinned hunter gatherers , one of these genes became prevalent in the european population and european 's skin colour began to lighten . around 5,800 years ago the second gene , which makes skin colour lighter still , also began to spread though the european population . the first europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today . new research suggests caucasians were a recent addition to the area , arriving on the continent 8,000 years ago . europeans had dark skin for far longer than previously though . photographed are two participants in the bbc 's trading races where members of the british public spent several days dressed with a different skin colour . the research , which was presented at the 84th annual meeting of the american association of physical anthropologists , shows that populations in europe were still evolving until relatively recently . it also shows that a population of hunter gatherers living on the site of motala , southern sweden , had already developed both skin-lightening genes around 7,700 years ago together with a third that gave them blue eyes . dr iain mathieson , a geneticist at harvard university in massachusetts who led the work , said : ' ancient dna makes it possible to examine populations as they were before , during and after adaptation events , and thus to reveal the tempo and mode of selection . a study of ancient human bones has revealed how early europeans had difficulties digesting milk around 5,000 years after the introduction of farming . it took at least that long for their genes to evolve until they were no longer intolerant to lactose , the natural sugar in mammalian milk , scientists suggests . researchers looked at ancient dna extracted from 13 individuals buried at archaeological sites in the great hungarian plain - a region known to have been at the crossroads of cultural change in european prehistory . the samples were dated from 5,700 bc to 800 bc , ranging across the stone , copper , bronze and iron ages . ' our findings show progression towards lighter skin pigmentation as hunter and gatherers and non-local farmers intermarried , but surprisingly no presence of increased lactose persistence or tolerance to lactose , ' said professor ron pinhasi , from university college dublin 's earth institute . ' this means that these ancient europeans would have had domesticated animals like cows , goats and sheep , but they would not yet have genetically developed a tolerance for drinking large quantities of milk from mammals . ' ' we find a surprise in seven scandinavian hunter-gatherers from the motala site in southern sweden who lived around 7,700 years before present . ' while the western hunter-gatherers of central and southern europe largely have the ancestral allele at the two major european skin pigmentation loci , the closely related scandinavian hunter-gatherers have both the derived alleles contributing to light skin pigmentation at high frequency . ' the study , which is also published on the open access site biorxiv , compared the genomes obtained from the remains of 83 people found at archaeological sites across europe along with the genomes of modern europeans . the researchers found five genes associated with changes in diet , body size and skin pigmentation that underwent natural selection in the past 8,000 years . studies suggest that europe was first reshaped during the neolithic revolution 8,500 years ago . farmers at this time travelled north , bringing new technology and language into europe . pictured is an early neolithic 35-40 year old male from , czech republic , who was part of the first mass migration to europe . two of the genes were associated with producing light skin - slc24a5 and slc45a2 . they found that the remains of early hunter gatherers who lived in spain , luxembourg and hungary around 8,500 years ago , they lacked these key gene variants . however , in the remains of hunter gatherers that had lived in motala 7,700 years ago , they carried both variants of slc24a5 and slc45a2 that produced lighter skin . they also carried another gene known to produce blue eyes in europeans . surprisingly they found a fourth set of genes in the dna from these people suggests these people may actually have been related to people living in east asia at the time . dr mathieson and his colleagues also found that when the first farmers from the near east arrived in europe , they carried with them genes for light skin . at this time the slc24a5 gene quickly became prevalent in southern and central european populations and then around 5,800 years ago . previous research has identified a mass migration of kurgan populations ( yamna culture ) which went from the russian steppes to the centre of europe 4,500 years ago . previously , researchers had believed it spread 8,500 years ago , when the first farmers from the near east , now modern day turkey , brought it to europe . these gene is known to account for between 25-40 per cent of the skin tone lightening in europeans . around 5,800 years ago the gene variant for slc45a1 then becomes prevalent , lightening skin colour further . the results contradict the traditional view that lower sunlight levels in europe would have favoured lighter skin . the study also showed that around around 4,800 years ago a group of herders known as the yamnaya migrated from the stepps between the black sea and the caspian sea , carried with them genes for tallness to northern and central europe . professor chris stringer , a leading anthropologist at the natural history museum in london , said : ' this research adds yet more surprises to the remarkable complexity of population relationships in prehistoric europe being uncovered through ancient dna . ' archaeologists had thought that europe showed a relatively simple succession from hunter-gatherers in the mesolithic to early farmers in the neolithic , with the basic assumption that the arrival of farming significantly altered the biology of those first farmers , after which they gradually developed into the europeans of today . ' but from ancient dna it now looks like the first farmers in mainland europe were still relatively dark-skinned and dark-eyed , and lacked the ability to digest milk properly until only about 4,000 years ago , while contemporary hunter-gatherers in scandinavia may have been lighter-skinned but with a surprising frequency of a gene found in oriental populations today , suggesting they would have resembled them in hair form and the distinctive morphology of their front teeth . ' ongoing selection , for poorly understood reasons , seems to have maintained large stature in northern europe after the arrival of farming , while progressively reducing it in southern europe , especially iberia . ' dr nina jablonski , a paleoanthropologist at pennsylvania state university who was not involved in the research , told the journal science : ' what we thought was a fairly simple picture of the emergence of de-pigmented skin in europe is an exciting patchwork of selection as populations disperse into northern latitudes . ' this data is fun because it shows how much recent evolution has taken place . '