the majority of heatwaves and almost a fifth of extreme rain storms can be blamed on human activity , a new study has warned . researchers say that three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming that has occurred due to man-made emissions . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades , humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events . researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 % of extreme rainfall events ( floods in somerset in 2014 are shown ) . the scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence . dr erich fischer , from the institute for atmospheric and climate science at the swiss federal institute of technology in zurich who led the study , said : ' climate change includes not only changes in mean climate but also in weather extremes . global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880 , according to scientists . temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°c ( 1.4°f ) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years . the met office has already announced that 2014 was the hottest year for the uk in records dating back to 1910 . scientists have also warned that 2015 could be warmer still . earlier this month they revealed that the earth experienced its hottest month of march since record-keeping began in 1880 . the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks . last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4°f ( 13.6°c ) , which is 1.5°f ( 0.85°c ) above the average for the 20th century . also of concern was the finding that arctic sea ice was the lowest on record for march . much of the most abnormal heat has been in the pacific ocean and places near it . seven western u.s. states set records for their hottest first three months of the year , while new york and vermont set records for the coldest start of a year . asia , europe , africa and australia have also all been warmer than normal . blunden blames the record heat on a combination of el niño , a blob of record hot water in the northeast pacific ocean and human-caused climate change . ' with every degree of warming it is the rarest and the most extreme events and thereby the ones with typically the highest socio-economic impacts for which the largest fraction is due to human-induced greenhouse gas emissions . ' we show that at the present-day warming of 0.85°c about 18 per cent of the moderate daily precipitation extremes over land are attributable to the observed temperature increase since pre-industrial times , which in turn primarily results from human influence . ' for 2°c of warming the fraction of precipitation extremes attributable to human influence rises to about 40 per cent . ' likewise , today about 75 per cent of the moderate daily hot extremes over land are attributable to warming . ' the researchers , whose work is published in the journal nature climate change , examined the probability that heatwaves and heavy rainfall events could be attributed to humans using 25 climate models . the models examined the weather between 1901 and 2005 using historical simulations . they analysed daily temperatures and daily rainfall totals from climate models and looked for events that would be expected to occur once in 1,000 days in an unperturbed climate - referred to as moderate daily extremes . they then used the models to look at predictions of extreme weather between 2006 and 2100 under an emissions scenario that is expected to lead to 2°c of warming around the world . while attributing individual extreme weather events such as hurricanes , floods and heatwaves to climate change is notoriously difficult , climate scientists have predicted they will become more common as the world warms . dr fischer and his colleague professor reto knutti , also based at the swiss federal institute of technology in zurich , said taking a more global perspective made it easier to examine the role that human activity was having on such events . they say their research demonstrated a strong signal for human influence in the extreme weather that is having impacts around the world today . they found that the longer the period of the event - such as a heatwave , the greater the fraction is attributable to global warming . the graphic above shows where the change in the probability of heavy precipitation and heatwaves compared to the pre-industrial period . if global temperatures increase as predicted , as a result of climate change , this becomes more pronounced , explained the researchers . california is in the grip of its worst drought on record , causing lake beds to dry up ( as above ) . around three quarters of heatwaves can now be attributed to human activity and it is likely to worsen as the climate warms . dr fischer said : ' a warmer and moister atmosphere does clearly favour more frequent hot and wet extremes . ' professor peter stott , a scientist at the met office 's hadley centre in the uk , pointed to the extreme weather that has happened in the past year - one of the warmest on record . he said bangladesh was hit by flooding in 2014 , australia suffered heatwaves and kenya was battered by downpours . california , for example , is in the grip of one of the most severe droughts on record . he added that human-caused climate change had ' loaded the dice ' in favour of heatwaves like the one that hit europe in 2003 and the flooding that hit the uk in autumn 2000 . the models examined weather between 1901 and 2005 using historical simulations . they analysed daily temperatures and daily rainfall totals from climate models and looked for events that would be expected to occur once in 1,000 days in an unperturbed climate . extreme rainfall is pictured in london . writing in the journal , professor stott said : ' as each year goes by , evidence continues to accumulate that our climate is changing and that human influence plays a dominant role in observed warming . ' the prevalence of extremely hot temperatures is expected to increase with warming and more moisture in the atmosphere leads to a tendency towards more extreme rainfall events , changes that have been detected in the observational record . ' but what has been lacking up to now is a robust calculation of how much more likely extreme temperatures and rainfall have become worldwide . ' the idea that in a two-degree world almost half of heavy rainfall events would not have occurred were it not for climate change is a sobering thought for policymakers seeking to mitigate and adapt to climate change . '