prince charles is to name a pub in his designer village poundbury after the duchess of cornwall - it will be built on the centre-piece queen mother square . the inn , which will have 20 bedrooms , is being built in the prince 's model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse . the estate , which is on his duchy of cornwall land near dorchester , already has a prince george house . an artist 's impression of the pub : the duchess of cornwall pub is to be built on queen mother square . prince charles - seen here in a file picture enjoying a pint with his wife camilla while touring the country - named the village 's centre-piece square after his grandmother and one building after his grandson george . poundbury is prince charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect , utopian idyll . inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes , and schools , shops and places of work are all within a short walking distance . the pub is expected to open early next year . poundbury already has a pub , the poet laureate , but prince charles ' estate says there is growing demand for another . anthony woodhouse , hall & woodhouse 's managing director , said : ' it 's a great privilege to be entrusted by the duchy to develop this prestigious site . ' our inn will blend with and mirror poundbury 's architecture and his royal highness 's vision . ' '' the duchess of cornwall '' is being designed with reference to our flagship site in bath . ' we are delighted to have received planning permission for 20 beautiful bedrooms above the bar-restaurant for visitors to stay in and use as a base to enjoy poundbury and dorset . the new pub named after the duchess of cornwall is to be built in prince charles ' model village poundbury . ' we 'll offer a great menu , lovely coffee , tea and cakes and the full range of our badger cask and bottled beers . our aim is to provide a community facility for all occasions that both residents and visitors to poundbury can cherish and enjoy . ' simon conibear , the duchy of cornwall 's estate director at poundbury , said : ' the duchy of cornwall is very pleased to be entering a joint venture with hall & woodhouse , a well-established dorset brewer with a high reputation in both brewing and hospitality . ' we have been particularly impressed with their new establishments in bath , portishead and lulworth and believe they can bring the expertise we require for this important building and facility in queen mother square . ' there has been growing demand for both guest rooms and another pub in poundbury , and we think it will be popular with local businesses , residents and the thousands of people who visit every year . ' construction is underway at the site . the joint venture between between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse is expected to be complete next year . poundbury is prince charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a utopian idyll . 