the u.s. supreme court 's arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes . based on the court 's actions during the past two years , a sense of inevitability is in the air : that a majority is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide . justice anthony kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay rights , has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996 . in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits , kennedy deplored that u.s. law for making gay marriages ' unequal . ' scroll down for video . a moment in history : people line up outside the supreme court in washington april 26 ahead of tuesday 's arguments focusing on gay marriage . that 5-4 decision did not address a constitutional right to same-sex marriage , but lower court judges interpreted the ruling as an endorsement of it and began invalidating state bans . when states appealed rulings striking down their same-sex marriage prohibitions , the supreme court declined to intervene , most notably in october 2014 when it denied appeals in seven cases on a single day . instead , the nine justices are hearing in tuesday 's oral arguments an appeal of the sole decision from a regional u.s. appeals court that went the opposite way . last november , the cincinnati-based u.s. court of appeals for the 6th circuit upheld gay marriage bans in ohio , michigan , kentucky and tennessee . with 37 of the 50 states now permitting gay marriage , many because of judicial orders , it seems unlikely the country 's highest court would reverse course . public opinion polls over the last decade have shown large increases in support for gay marriage . a ruling is due by the end of june . yet some questions remain . how much will kennedy , a member of the court 's five-man conservative bloc who often casts decisive votes in close cases , show his hand in the 2-1/2 hours of oral arguments ? will he reveal a clear view that the constitution gives gay people a right to marry or will he voice concerns for state interests in controlling marriage laws ? an element of uncertainty hovers over chief justice john roberts , who broke with the other court conservatives and cast the deciding vote upholding president barack obama 's healthcare law in 2012 . roberts voted against gay rights in the 2013 ruling . but he separated himself from the most conservative dissenters and declined to declare outright that states may ban gay marriage . he has demonstrated apprehension about the reputation of the court that , by virtue of his service as chief justice , informally bears his name . in his opinions , he has sometimes tried to lower tensions in controversial cases and reassure people that the court is aligning with precedent and public expectations . the question is not only how roberts might vote but what he might write . in the 2013 ruling , he denounced the court majority 's sentiment that federal lawmakers were deliberately harming gay people with the limited definition of marriage . ' i would not tar the political branches with the brush of bigotry , ' he wrote . for the other seven justices , expectations are clearer . the four liberals , ruth bader ginsburg , stephen breyer , sonia sotomayor and elena kagan , have signaled their opposition to state same-sex marriage bans . on the other side have been the three most conservative justices , antonin scalia , clarence thomas and samuel alito , asserting that nothing in the constitution guarantees same-sex marriage . two legal questions are before the justices : whether the constitution 's guarantees of due process and equal protection cover a right to same-sex marriage ; and , if they do not , whether states that ban same-sex marriages must recognize such unions performed in other states . gay couples and their families , about 30 adults and 20 children , have appealed the 6th circuit 's decision . the name petitioner is james obergefell , who wanted his home state of ohio , which prohibits gay marriage , to recognize his maryland marriage to john arthur as arthur was dying from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as lou gehrig 's disease . officials expect the courtroom to be packed to its 400-seat capacity . lines for general spectator seats began forming around 6am on friday , more than four days ahead of the scheduled oral arguments at 10am on tuesday .