arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just ' five minutes ' to put the finishing touches to a contract extension once he is fully fit and back in the squad . the 33-year-old spaniard is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem picked up on his return to action with the under 21s following a calf injury which sidelined him since the end of november . manager arsene wenger is keen to retain the services of arteta , who is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension . arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just ' five minutes ' to finish a contract extension off . arteta will miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading as he recovers from a minor ankle problem . in arteta 's absence , the gunners have moved up into the top two of the barclays premier league with a run of eight successive victories . the former rangers and everton man is determined to first get himself fully match fit and then sort out the formalities of a new deal . ' my only aim is to get back fit and try to perform on the pitch . as long as i do that i am sure that i will continue with this club , with the relationship i have with the club and the respect i have from everybody here , ' said arteta , who signed on transfer deadline day in august 2011 . ' if i do n't do that then i am not going to be here because i do n't want to be somewhere where i can not perform at my best and give what i think i can give . ' in may , when everything is fine , we will sit down and talk and it will take five minutes . ' arteta is set to step up his rehabilitation next week , and could be back in contention for the showdown against chelsea on april 26 . ' i am not far . i have done five or six sessions with the first team and i am feeling good , ' he said . arteta has missed much of the season but his team-mates have racked up a run of eight successive victories . a calf injury which sidelined him since the end of november has been followed up with a minor ankle issue . ' i do n't feel i am ready to start , but i 'm almost there . it has been a long process , i do n't want to rush it . ' i made a mistake at the end of the rehab ( from my groin problem ) , but i think i will be back soon . ' arteta admits it has been tough watching from the sidelines . ' it is obviously very frustrating when you can not perform , when you can not be out there , training or any of the basics to contribute to the team on the pitch - it makes it really hard , ' he said . manager arsene wenger has helped pull arsenal up into second place without the services of his captain . ' it is part of the job and we have all been there . ' this season we have probably had more injuries than ever , so sometimes you learn other things when you are out . ' it has been frustrating and i am trying my best to get back to the level i want to be at . ' whenever it comes , i will take it . ' arteta believes arsenal can sustain their challenge for the title as wenger looks win win the premier league . arteta believes arsenal can sustain their challenge . ' we have got the best squad since i have been here , for sure the best squad in numbers and quality , ' he said . ' we are in a really strong position now compared to where we were in november . ' three months ago , to be in the top four was an achievement and now it is not good enough . ' in the next two weeks we can determine where we are and what we can do from then on . ' cesc fabregas and chelsea lead the table but the gunners will hope for a slip-up and their first tile since 2004 .