forget sunbathing , now you can spend your holiday learning to strip . burlesque queen dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona . with an emphasis on self-confidence boosting , the forty two-year-old fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesque - the ' art form ' she famously revived . dita von teese will offer guests at the canyon ranch an insight into the glamorous world of burlesque . sensuality & the art of the teese with dita von teese will invite female guests to unleash their inner divas with a selection of workshops and classes . von teese , real name heather renée sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . from june 8 until june 12 , holidaymakers to the ranch - more famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels - can learn classic moves such as the ' burlesque strut ' as well as how to artfully remove garters , gloves and stockings . von teese , real name heather renée sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish , to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . canyon ranch , the luxury health resort in tucson , arizona , where dita von teese will lead her workshops . instead of hitting the resort 's fitness centre , plucky holidaymakers can take part in a fit strip class , hosted by von teese herself , along with fitness staff from the ranch . and for those wanting a deeper understanding of american burlesque , which first gained popularity as early as 1860 , there will be history sessions , during which von teese will show guests treasured items from her personal collection of memorabilia . ' we are thrilled that dita chose to lead her first-ever burlesque workshop at canyon ranch in tucson , ' canyon ranch 's director of public relations told mail online travel . more oo-er than ohm : von teese believes her burlesque workshops can build women 's confidence . finding peace : canyon ranch health resort in tuscon is an 150 acre haven in the sonoran desert , arizona . ' we are confident that this program will appeal to our current guests as well as those who’ve never before visited canyon ranch . ' von teese told the new york times : ' it really has nothing to do with my performance , but more to do with sharing where my motivations and confidence come from , and trying to explain what it is about burlesque that’s become such a uniquely modern feminist movement . ' a five-night stay at canyon ranch costs $ 5,460 ( around £3565 ) per person including accommodation , meals , airport transfers and spa treatments and unlimited classes .    