lionel messi should be fit to play in barcelona 's la liga game at celta vigo on sunday despite a scare over a possible foot injury , centre back gerard pique said on wednesday . messi , the top scorer in la liga , did not feature in either of argentina 's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month 's ' clasico ' against real madrid . ' i am optimistic about messi , i have spoken to him , ' pique told reporters at a promotional event . lionel messi ( right ) should be available for barcelona 's trip to celta vigo , according to gerard pique . ' i think that he can play at balaidos ( celta 's stadium ) , ' added the spain international , who came through barca 's youth academy with messi . ' in the end it is up to how he feels during the rest of the week . the medical staff are those who should decide . my feeling is that he will play . ' barca 's 2-1 win at home to real stretched their lead over their arch rivals at the top of la liga to four points with 10 games left . second-placed real , who host granada on sunday , have stuttered in recent weeks and the 2-1 defeat at the nou camp was their third loss in their last four outings in all competitions . messi ( left ) is slightly doubtful after suffering a foot injury in barcelona 's 2-1 win over real madrid last month . barca , by contrast , are on a seven-match winning run and in with a chance of repeating 2009 's unprecedented treble of champions league and spanish league and cup after failing to secure major silverware last term for the first time in six years . they play paris saint-germain in the quarter-finals of europe 's elite club competition and are through to may 's king 's cup final against athletic bilbao . ' we know it is going to be very hard and we will have to be at a high level if we want to win the titles , ' pique said . ' we have the team and we have demonstrated an improvement over the past year , the level has been rising and has given us a lot of confidence . ' the forward did n't feature in either of argentina 's recent friendlies against el salvador or ecuador .