a mother-of-two claims her face was left covered in angry red welts after drinking a bottle of tesco wine which reeked of bleach . justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . her mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion . justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . but despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach . mother-of-two ms jones , 44 , said : ' it tasted foul . i inspected the bottle and found that the liquid was clear and had bits of mucus and bits floating in it . ' my daughters and mum smelt the liquid and thought it had a faint smell of bleach . we were horrified . ' despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach . the accountant , from shropshire , suffers from rare condition pemphigus , which means her immune system is extremely sensitive to certain chemicals and attacks her body leaving serious blisters . the next day she was covered in huge sores and had to be referred to hospital . the bottle , bought from a tesco branch in market weighton , east yorkshire , was taken back by her mother who demanded it be tested and investigated . she said : ' i felt alarmed , justine has such a poor immune system we have to be careful really . ' a letter from the supermarket giant said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier . tesco wrote : ' the technologist acts as a regulator , and will follow it up with the people who make this product for us , as well as keeping an eye on all incoming complaints . ' but mrs jones said the response was not good enough . ' i feel awful about their response . they sent me £10 and a £15 moneycard ' . justine jones pictured without the welts . the accountant , from shropshire , suffers from rare condition pemphigus , which means her immune system is extremely sensitive to certain chemicals and attacks her body leaving serious blisters . ' i was n't looking for money , i wanted a result . i suspected it was cleaning fluid . ' her daughter added : ' we were incensed . this is particularly worrying as our product had obviously been tampered with and caused me considerable pain . ' a tesco spokesperson said : ' we 're sorry we let mrs jones down with our investigation . we take all complaints extremely seriously , our team will be looking at what went wrong to ensure it does n't happen again . ' 