ricky ricardo chiles iii ( pictured ) , who was suspected of fatally shooting two people , shot himself with his gun on thursday morning . a man suspected of fatally shooting two people at the scene of a traffic accident that killed his nephew has taken his own life , according to police . ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday around 9am , said milwaukee police chief edward flynn . since tuesday , police were looking for chiles iii in connection to the killing 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15-year-old rasheed chiles . brown struck and killed the gunman 's two-year-old nephew damani terry after he darted into the street in front of brown 's van , authorities said . damani 's brother , rasheed and also the nephew of chiles iii , was struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident . he later died at a hospital . police believe chiles iii decided to exact revenge and took the law into his own hands . ' this sad example is what we get when we have folks who decide it 's their responsibility to use their guns to redress their grievances , ' said flynn . on wednesday around 7.30pm , flynn said milwaukee police obtained a warrant on for the arrest of chiles iii in connection to sunday 's shootings . he was with his girlfriend at the motel on thursday , who has not been identified , and who was uninjured in the incident . police said it is not clear if she will face any charges , according to the journal sentinel . scroll down for video . archie brown jr ( left ) struck and killed two-year-old damani terry ( right ) who ran in front of his van in milwaukee , wisconsin on sunday evening . while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot brown and damani 's 15-year-old brother , rasheed chiles ( right ) . after being released from prison in august 2013 for serving a two year-conviction for a 2011 bank robbery where he was the getaway driver , chiles iii was on extended supervision at the time of the shooting on sunday . he was also prohibited from possessing firearms . chiles iii had a previous criminal history which included convictions of disorderly conduct , resisting an officer and fourth-degree sexual assault . police captain timothy heier said the car accident occurred at 5.10pm on sunday after little damani ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of north 48th street in milwaukee . witnesses said on sunday that damani and rasheed had been attending a birthday party when the accident and shootings took place . according to reports , rasheed had brought his toddler brother to a house party sunday , but the little boy got out of the house and darted into the street . when damani was run over , rasheed rushed outside to his aid , at which point someone opened fire . the teen was struck in the shoulder and later died during surgery . quinetta briton , center , the wife of archie brown jr , is hugged by nephew dramante freeman , during a memorial for brown and other victims in wisconsin on wednesday . brown jr , a father of four , was struck in the head by a bullet and died at the scene near a park on milwaukee 's near northwest side before officers arrived . rasheed , who was caught in the crossfire , was hit in the shoulder and was taken to a hospital , where he died during surgery , according to police . the milwaukee county medical examiner 's office confirmed in a statement late on monday that damani and rasheed were brothers . a police statement said brown jr was distraught about hitting the child and stopped right away , according to witnesses . mayor tom barrett called the shooting of brown an ' assassination ' during an earlier emotional press conference . ' someone got angry , ' barrett said . ' someone took a gun and basically assassinated this gentleman . ' milwaukee police chief edward flynn speaks to reporters on thursday providing details related to chiles iii 's suicide on thursday morning . above , the scene of a car accident in milwaukee , wilconsin on sunday . police saud they had obtained a warrant on wednesday night for the arrest of chiles iii in connection with sunday 's shooting . a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child 's death . following thursday morning 's incident , brown 's father , archie brown sr , said chiles iii cheated himself out of being judged by a man 's system where he would be incarcerated . ' he he took a way out that put him in a worse situation because now he went to meet his maker to answer for his crimes , ' brown sr told the journal sentinel . on wednesday , a vigil was held for brown jr as his wife as well as family and friends attended . following the shooting , barbara sprewer , a witness , said she saw damani looking around before crossing the street , apparently heading for some girls dancing in the nearby park . she saw the van approach , and estimated it was going 25 to 30mph . archie brown sr , identified his son , father-of-four archie brown jr , as the driver who was shot in the head and killed at the scene . ' nobody was watching the baby , ' she said . after the child was hit , she saw the driver get out . she said she heard shots but did not see who shot him or rasheed . ' i feel helpless . i feel numb , ' she said . ' i saw them alive , and i saw them deceased . i 've been reliving this since i woke up . ' bob may , 68 , another next-door neighbor , said he heard five gunshots as he was washing dishes and thought at first it was firecrackers going off in the park . he said he looked out to see the van with its door open and people talking on phones . may said his neighbors had moved in about six months earlier and he did not know them . brown sr said his son , a real estate entrepreneur and landlord , was a great father to his four daughters , including a six-month-old baby . ' he liked to laugh . he took good care of his children . he was an excellent father to his children , ' brown sr said . brown jr 's half brother riles rilley also spoke with the journal sentinel and said that the 40-year-old was the co-owner of seven west nightclub . ' just a good person all around . never had any enemies . always looking to do the right thing , ' he said . the shootings are among a climbing number of violent deaths in milwaukee this year . the city has counted 43 homicide victims so far this year , compared with 14 at the same point last year . ' there just seems to be a sensibility among a segment of the community that committing acts of violence in support of one 's reputation to get revenge for a perceived slight , or for a perceived business dispute over illegal drugs , or to exact revenge is somehow approved , ' said flynn . ' and in that set of circumstances there 's going to be not only tragedies , there 's going to be dreadful mistakes . ' chiles iii was with his girlfriend at the presidential inn and suites motel ( file photo above ) in lyon , illinois when police closed in on him . authorities said it is not yet known whether she will face charges in connection to the incident .