fourth-place monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the french title race after drawing 0-0 at home to montpellier on tuesday . a win would have moved monaco level on points with third-place marseille , but coach leonardo jardim 's side failed to break down a well-organized montpellier side , which is in seventh place . the visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when paraguay striker lucas barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar . substitute dimitar berbatov responds as monaco are held to a goalless draw with montpellier at stade louis ii . result sees the principality side remain in fourth spot , behind marseille , lyon and paris st germain . montpellier forward lucas barrios reacts after missing a penalty to put the visitors in the lead . monaco : subasic , fabinho , wallace santos , abdennour , kurzawa , toulalan , moutinho , dirar ( berbatov ) , silva ( germain ) , ferreira carrasco ( carvalho ) , martial . subs : stekelenburg , kondogbia , raggi , traore . booked : wallace . monpellier : jourdren , deplagne , hilton , el kaoutari , congre , isimat-mirin , marveaux , lasne , dabo , mounier , barrios ( camara ) . subs : tiene , martin , berigaud , saihi , bakar , ligali . booke : dabo , congre . the draw means monaco is two points behind marseille , six behind lyon and seven behind league leader paris saint-germain . teenage striker anthony martial , who had netter five goals in his past four games , started ahead of 34-year-old striker dimitar berbatov . in a tight first half , midfielder morgan sanson forced monaco goalkeeper danijel subasic into a smart save , while monaco left back layvin kurzawa headed in a cross moments before the interval , but his effort was ruled out for offside . montpellier had a penalty claim turned down early in the second half . but moments later referee said enjimi pointed to the spot after midfielder nabil dirar barged into bryan dabo . but barrios missed the chance for this 12th goal in the 24th game of the campaign when he fired his shot high over high over the crossbar . meanwhile , second-division auxerre beat french cup holder guingamp 1-0 to reach the final . auxerre , a four-time french cup winner which now plays in the second division , won thanks to a goal from midfielder frederic sammaritano . auxerre plays either paris saint-germain or saint-etienne in the final . they play their semifinal on wednesday . monaco playmaker joao moutinho goes down under a challenge from montpellier's joris marveaux ( right ) . monaco forward anthony martial ( left ) tries to break the first half deadlock at the stade louis ii . monaco 's layvin kurzawa ( right ) challenges montpellier 's mathieu deplagne during the ligue 1 clash . yannick ferreira carrasco ( right ) of monaco races down the touchline being chased by montpellier defenders . kurzawa ( left ) saw a goal disallowed for monaco towards the closing moments of the first-half . barrios looks dejected after missing the chance to hand montpellier the lead from the penalty spot . former tottenham and manchester united forward berbatov was brought on to try and change things . monaco fans display a banner depicting prince rainier iii to commemorate the 10th anniversary of his death . berbatov tries to take the ball past montpellier defender vitorino hilton as the game draws to a close .