manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace to avoid losing yet more ground to their rivals . fading champions city had to watch in frustration on saturday , not only as chelsea extended their lead at the top of the barclays premier league , but as arsenal and manchester united shunted them down to fourth . slipping to such a position was not in the script when city pulled level with chelsea on new year 's day and any further slips would increase the pressure on pellegrini significantly . manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace . manchester city manager pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground in the race for the title . with the manchester derby coming next week , city can ill afford to drop points at selhurst park on monday but pellegrini knows the eagles have become a tough proposition under alan pardew . pellegrini said : ' maybe they are playing different . they are in a good moment and they are playing with a lot of trust . ' with the other manager also crystal palace was a difficult team , but now they are playing at home . ' city laboured to a 3-0 win over palace at the etihad stadium in december in what proved neil warnock 's penultimate match in charge . pardew was appointed early in the new year and since then they have proved highly resilient , losing just three times in the premier league and removing relegation fears . the monday fixture has meant both sides have had to be patient for their return to action after the international break . it is a wait that could have been advantageous in terms of extra rest had their rivals lost over the weekend . manchester city players celebrate scoring against west bromwich albion in their last match . pellegrini knows hisside can ill afford to fall further behind chelsea in the premier league title race . pellegrini ( left ) will try to close the gap between his team and chelsea at the top of the premier league . it has not turned out that way with saturday 's positive results for chelsea , arsenal and united turning the heat up on city , but pellegrini claims it does not make any difference . the chilean said : ' i do n't think we have excuses about those things . we are going to play the last game of this matchday but that does n't matter . ' it is not an excuse and not an advantage . all the national players arrived back on wednesday - most of them - so every team had three or four days to prepare . it is not so important . ' should pablo zabaleta feature for city it would come just two days after his wife gave birth to a son , asier . argentina international zabaleta previously announced his wife 's pregnancy to the wider world with a baby-themed goal celebration during a 4-1 win at sunderland in december .