ever decided against an outfit because you 've already been tagged in it on facebook ? you 're not alone . britons apparently spend £815million a year to ‘ social media proof’ their wardrobe , with men forking out more than women , according to a new study . the research into the rise of the 'insta-wardrobe ' , which polled 2,000 adults , revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit . brits spend £815m a year to ' social media proof ' their wardrobe , according to a new survey . almost a fifth said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online , the study showed . and , in a surprising result , men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender , spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety , as opposed to women’s £53.50 . as social media has made fashion and style more accessible than ever , it drives how we shop and what we wear . facebook recorded 1.39 billion users at the end of 2014 , with instagram growing to over 300 million users with over 70 million photos and videos being shared every day . almost a fifth of those polled said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online ( stock image ) . fashion industry commentator lily melrose says she is constantly inspired to try new styles by other bloggers on social media . the average adult has 338 facebook friends , meaning their style selfies are being reviewed and commented on by hundreds of people with each upload . indeed , one in four of those surveyed by tk maxx said that gaining comments and likes on their outfits on social media inspires them to try new styles . and sources of style inspiration are also changing ; 11 per cent of those polled credited bloggers as more inspirational than fashion designers , with fashion news often breaking exclusively via facebook and twitter . bloggers are now gracing the cover of vogue and fashion designers are live streaming their shows . lily melrose , fashion blogger and industry commentator , commented : ' instagrammers and bloggers are undoubtedly the new tastemakers of obtainable and relatable style . ' social media has totally changed the face of fashion today and the way we shop . ' the beauty of social sharing sites is that you can be inspired by such a wide range of people , from your friends , bloggers , celebrities and family . ' on social media there is something for everyone as unique and individual looks are celebrated and shared . ' i can’t count the times i’ve been inspired by another blogger or someone on my instagram page to try something new and i love sharing my looks with my readers . ' deborah dolce , group brand & marketing director at tk maxx said : ' social media is moving people toward a wide range of fashion ideals and style icons . ' while celebrity culture is still strong , we now look to a much broader base of people for inspiration from our friends to bloggers to online style trailblazers . social media platforms enable us to express ourselves freely and showcase our personal style . '