the world 's first robotic planet finder is hoped to help in the search for earth-like planets that might support life in other solar systems . now scientists have proven its capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique a planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away . all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days . the automated planet finder ( apf ) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph . the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured . the automated planet finder ( apf ) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph . the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured with great precision . repeated measurement of a star 's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet . the telescope and spectrograph operate robotically every night and target a preprogrammed list of nearby stars . apf observes them every night for months , in search of rocky planets with very low masses , similar to earth . the ultimate goal of extrasolar planet research is to find planets like earth that may support life . ' the three planets are unlike anything in our solar system , with masses 7-8 times the mass of earth and orbits that take them very close to their host star , ' explains uc berkeley graduate student lauren weiss . while the planets are likely to be too hot to support life , their discovery reveals the powerful capabilities of the automated planet finder ( apf ) in california . ' this level of automation is a game-changer in astronomy , ' said andrew howard , an astronomers uc berkeley . ' it 's a bit like owning a driverless car that goes planet shopping . ' afp found the star system by tracing out the planets ' orbits over many years using the doppler technique to see shifts in the star 's light . the planet system was also spotted by the keck observatory and the automatic photometric telescope ( apt ) at fairborn observatory in arizona . but unlike other telescope , the new apf facility offers a way to speed up the planet search as it robotically searches for planets every clear night . training computers to run the observatory all night , without human oversight , took years of effort by the university of california observatories staff team . ' we initially used apf like a regular telescope , staying up all night searching star to star , ' said university of hawaii graduate student bj fulton . ' but the idea of letting a computer take the graveyard shift was more appealing after months of little sleep . ' the kepler space telescope has discovered thousands of extrasolar planets and demonstrated that they are common in our milky way galaxy . scientists have proven the apf 's capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique a planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away . all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days . afp found the star system by tracing out the planets ' orbits over many years using the doppler technique to see shifts in the star 's light . the planet system was also spotted by the keck observatory and the automatic photometric telescope ( apt ) at fairborn observatory in arizona . however , nearly all of these planets are far from our solar system . most nearby stars have not been searched for the small 'super-earth ' planets that kepler found in great abundance . this discovery shows the type of planetary system that astronomers expect to find around many nearby stars in the coming years . ' starspots , like sunspots on the sun , can momentarily mimic the signatures of small planets . ' repeated observations over many years allowed us to separate the starspot signals from the signatures of these new planets , ' explains evan sinukoff , a uh graduate student who contributed to the discovery . the robotic observations of hd 7924 are the start of a systematic survey for super-earth planets orbiting nearby stars . fulton will lead this two-year search with the apf as part of his research for his doctoral dissertation . ' when the survey is complete we will have a census of small planets orbiting sun-like stars within approximately 100 light-years of earth , ' says fulton . pictured is the keck observatory in hawaii and on the right , which also helped find the planets . the robotic observations of hd 7924 are the start of a systematic survey for super-earth planets orbiting nearby stars .