brazilian star oscar says he is happy at chelsea and wo n't be leaving stamford bridge in the summer . there have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by jose mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since january . but oscar is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man : ' i 'm very happy here . i get along with everyone , and the club shows its praise towards me . brazilian star oscar in action for chelsea at queens park rangers on sunday , where he came off the bench . oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february , raising speculation he could leave . but the brazil international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge and will be staying at the club . chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the premier league title race with a game in hand . april 18 manchester united ( h ) . april 26 arsenal ( a ) . april 29 leicester city ( a ) . may 3 crystal palace ( h ) . may 10 liverpool ( h ) . may 18 west bromwich albion ( a ) . may 24 sunderland ( h ) . ' chelsea is one of the best clubs in the world , so i do n't see why i would think of leaving . ' i 'm very happy with chelsea 's season so far and happy with my own performance as well , but i do think i could have contributed more to the team . ' there are different tactics depending on the opponents we face , and we respect the manager 's choices . ' sometimes i 've ended up not playing the entire match , but i 'm doing my best to fulfil my role . i 'm happy with my performances . ' the brazil international has played some part in 39 chelsea matches across all competitions this season , scoring seven goals and contributing eight assists . but he still has the opportunity to contribute to chelsea 's anticipated title success , starting with saturday 's visit of a resurgent manchester united . jose mourinho has largely favoured other players to oscar in the second-half of the season . this match is followed by a trip to arsenal next sunday and the blues currently have a seven-point advantage over the gunners with a game in hand . oscar added : ' it seems easy , but it 's definitely not . we face united and then arsenal , and those will be like two finals for us . after those we will have a clearer idea of how close we are from the title . ' we will certainly fight until the end of the season , but we hope we can be the champions as soon as possible . ' 