president barack obama secretly granted the cia an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013 to reduce the risk of civilian casualties , it was revealed today . according to the wall street journal , which first reported the story monday citing current and former government officials , obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us . had the cia been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies , argues the article , the january drone strike that killed two hostages , one of them an american , could have been postponed or even prevented entirely . innocent victims : al qaeda hostages dr warren weinstein ( left ) , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the us , and 39-year-old italian aid worker giovanni lo porto ( right ) were killed in a botched drone strike in january , which us officials say could have been postponed had it not been for a relaxed drone policy . president obama , seen here april 23 addressing the death of the two captives , reportedly has granted cia a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the us ahead of planned drone strikes . without obama 's waiver , cia operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al qaeda-linked militants targeted in the january 15 strike , which may have delayed it , possibly sparing the lives of dr warren weinstein , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the us , and 39-year-old italian aid worker giovanni lo porto . the cia was seeking to destroy an al qaeda compound in pakistan when the two captives were killed , along with ahmed faruq , an american described as a leader of al-qaeda in the indian subcontinent . al-qaeda 's english-language spokesman , a california rocker-turned jihadist , adam gadahn , died in a separate strike . lo porto disappeared in january 2012 in pakistan , just a few days into his second stint in the country . a native of sicily , lo porto previously worked in croatia , the central african republic and haiti . weinstein was snatched after gunmen tricked their way into his home in lahore on august 13 , 2011 shortly before he was due to return home after seven years working in pakistan . he later appeared in a video in which , under apparent coercion , he asked the united states to free al-qaeda prisoners . weinstein 's widow said in a statement that ‘ we are devastated by this news and the knowledge that my husband will never safely return home . ’ president obama last week publicly apologized for the hostage deaths and took ' full responsibility ' for all counter terrorism operations . several investigations into the botched drone strike , including by the cia and us congress , are expected to take place in the coming months . dr weinstein , pictured with his wife , was abducted after gunmen tricked their way into his home in lahore on august 13 , 2011 shortly before he was due to return home after seven years working in pakistan . flowers and ribbons adorn a tree outside the weinstein familyhouse in rockville , maryland april 23 . earlier , president obama took full responsibility for the counterterror missions and offered his ' grief and condolences ' . obama was quick to stress that ' we do believe that the operation did take out dangerous members of al-qaeda . ' he also noted that january 15 strike was ' fully consistent with the guidelines under which we conduct counterterrorism efforts in the region . ' since 9/11 , our counterterrorism efforts have prevented terrorist attacks and saved innocent lives both here in america , and around the world , ' the commander-in-chief said during a press conference thursday . cia drone operations are broadly divided into two distinct categories : ' signature strikes ' and ' kill list ' strikes , according to the journal . the agency would go after specific targets if they are present on the kill list , but the president has to personally sign off on each such operation . signature strikes , however , can be carried out against any suspected enemy combatants and are not subjected to obama 's approval . according to the paper , in 2013 the president endorsed a set of restrictions aimed at eliminating ' signature strikes ' altogether in order to reduce the number of civilian deaths , but unnamed officials say many of the rules have yet to be implemented . despite obama 's defense of his counterterrorism record , congressional leaders rapidly called for more oversight over the drone program. , appearing on cnn’s state of the union sunday , senate armed services committee chairman john mccain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the us military and not the cia . pushing for reform : senate armed services committee chairman john mccain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the us military and not the cia . ‘ i think it was probably preventable , in that there was an obvious breakdown in intelligence . they did n't know that they were there , ’ mccain said of the january drone strike . the republican senator and 2008 failed presidential candidate predicted the incident will renew a debate within the obama administration on how the drone program is run . however , there still appeared to be strong support in congress for employing the unmanned drones against enemy targets , which has expanded during the obama administration . critics have long complained about civilians being killed in the air strikes . it is an ‘ integral part of the conflict and a very essential one , ’ mccain told cnn . mccain acknowledged ‘ some bias’ on which federal agency should operate the drone program , given that shifting it to the pentagon from the cia would put it under his purview as chairman of the senate committee overseeing the military . nevertheless , mccain said the pentagon had the expertise and , ‘ i think it should be conducted and oversight and administered by the department of defense . ’ warren weinstein is the seventh american to be killed by drones , the sixth who was hit inadvertently . in december american luke somers and south african pierre korkie were both killed when us special forces attempted to rescue them in yemen . obama said he ordered the raid because the 33-year-old somers was believed to be in ' imminent danger . ' the president condemned somers ' killing as a ' barbaric murder . ' in 2013 , obama defended america 's controversial drone attacks as legal , effective and a necessary linchpin in an evolving u.s. counterterrorism policy , saying , ' simply put , these strikes save lives . ' but also acknowledged the targeted strikes are no 'cure-all ' and said he is haunted by the civilians unintentionally killed . since taking office , obama 's counterterrorism strategy has increasingly relied on the use of strikes by unmanned spy drones , particularly in pakistan and yemen . the highly secretive program has faced criticism from congressional lawmakers who have questioned its scope and legality . even though cia drone strikes in pakistan have steeply declined from a peak of around 128 in 2010 , according to the bureau of investigative journalism , which tracks each strike reported by the media- there have been seven drone strikes in pakistan so far this year , the group said .