a missing schoolgirl was murdered by a 60-year-old man who called police two weeks prior to the killing to see how officers would react to her disappearance , a jury heard today . robert ewing , 60 , was said to have had an ' inappropriate sexual interest ' in 15-year-old paige chivers and took advantage of her ' chaotic and dysfunctional ' upbringing which had left her ' very troubled and vulnerable ' . he is accused of murdering the schoolgirl , from blackpool , lancashire , between august 23 and august 27 , 2007 . scroll down for video . robert ewing , 60 , is accused of murdering 15-year-old paige chivers ( pictured left as a young schoolgirl and right aged 15 ) after she disappeared from her family home in blackpool , lancashire , in august 2007 . police investigate a site in thornton cleveleys in lancashire during an earlier search for paige 's body . paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home and , despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from tv chat show host jeremy kyle , no trace of her has ever been found . ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year and is currently on trial at preston crown court . the jury was told today how he allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a ' problem child ' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father . brian cummings qc , prosecuting , told jurors that the crown prosecution service believes he did so to ' test the water ' . he told the court : ' we allege that he wanted to see what official reaction there would be to the suggestion of a 15-year-old girl turning up on the doorstep of a 52-year-old man and the answer he learned , we suggest , was very little reaction . ' the court also heard how eight months after the schoolgirl 's disappearance , ewing 's friend , gareth dewhurst , 46 , was overheard in conversation saying he had used his car to dump the teenager 's body . mr cummings said : ' he then went on to say : `` i did n't want to have sex with her , they made me '' . ' the prosecutor said a ' highly stoned ' dewhurst told a 16-year-old boy that ewing had killed paige and had then made him have sex with her before forcing him to use his car to dispose of her body . mr cummings said : ' he ( dewhurst ) said that he had put the body in the boot and was saying that he was going to set his car on fire . he was frightened that he was going to get arrested , or that bob ( ewing ) would kill him . ' paige ( right ) was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home ( left ) and , despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from tv host jeremy kyle , no trace of her has ever been found . detectives hunting for paige chivers , who vanished in suspicious circumstances more than seven years ago , dug up a farmer 's field amid fears she maybe buried in a shallow grave but still no trace of her has been found . an extensive proof of life inquiry has not found any evidence paige is alive and she has yet to claim a ' significant ' inheritance sum left to her on her mother 's death once she turned 18 , the jury heard . the prosecutor said : ' the prosecution say that even though no body has been recovered , you can be sure that paige chivers is dead . ' the court heard that paige 's father reported her missing on august 26 and clearly stated she was 15 , but her date of birth was wrongly entered on the police system as 1962 . ' in consequence , the matter was dealt with as though paige were an adult aged 45 who had moved on voluntarily , rather than a girl of 15 who was worryingly missing from home , ' said mr cummings . that approach was not corrected until september 7 when police inquiries then commenced , he added . ewing , formerly of blackpool , denies murder and intending to pervert the course of public justice by intimidating witnesses and providing false information to the police in their investigations . dewhurst , of blackpool , denies sexual penetration of a corpse and assisting an offender in disposing of a body . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .