a two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3d printing , helped reshape her face . violet pietrok , who lives in portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported . the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes . she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye . two-year-old violet pietrok , from portland , oregon , is now smiling , laughing and dancing again six months after a major surgery , aided by 3d printing , helped reshape her face . violet was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation that widened her facial features , specifically her nose and the space between her eyes . violet 's eyes were originally so far apart her vision was like that of a bird of prey 's , her mother told the new york times . plastic surgeon-in-chief dr. john meara of boston children 's hospital spent months preparing for violet 's surgery , specifically with molds of her skull that were made using a 3d printer . meara made about five different models from the time of violet 's first birthday to leading up to her october 2014 operation . he said he used them both to see how violet was growing and developing , and to practice the cuts and incisions he knew he was going to have to make before he even stepped into an operating room . ' this is n't like free throw practice , ' he told the statesman journal . ' you ca n't just go out and try and if you miss , try again . the molds allowed meara and the other surgeons to see what possible problems could arise with certain methods . they also gave the doctors a fuller picture of what they were working with - one that was even better than what they 'd be able to see during the operation . meara used the molds during the almost seven-hour surgery , and referenced them when the doctors tried to find solutions for a complication , according to abc news . violet 's new face allows her to be just as expressive as any of the other children her age . violet 's mother alicia taylor said that it took a ' little while ' for violet to get back to normal as she spent six weeks recovering from the operation in the hospital and adjusting to her new vision perception . ' it 's all about perspective , cause it gets hard , ' she said in a boston children 's hospital video . ' you just kind of have to see the finish line and keep and eye on where you 're going and why you 're doing this . ' plastic surgeon dr. john meara of boston children 's hospital spent months preparing for violet 's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3d printer . there were physical complications , one which sent violet back to the operating room , as well . it took more than three months for her scar , which threatened to unzip , to heal . but her stitches were finally removed at the end of february , just in time for violet 's second birthday . and she has been smiling the whole way through . taylor said the only time her daughter , who she said is ' taking it all in stride ' , is n't smiling now is if she 's sleeping or throwing a typical toddler fit . even with the surgery , taylor said violet ' does n't see herself as different ' . the only thing that bothered her about her stitches was that she could n't wear ribbons in her hair . but taylor admits that as much as the family loves violet 's new face , they do find themselves missing her old face as well . ' i was so worried that they were going to take her and she was going to be unrecognizable , ' she told abc news . ' i miss that little face because you love it . ' but taylor said the surgery , and the cosmetic touch-ups that will occur once violet reaches kindergarten , will be worth it in the long-run . ' this will make a huge impact with her quality of life and the way people perceive her , ' she said . as for now , taylor hopes that by sharing violet 's story she can help people become more aware of the condition - and hopefully change the way they react to it as well . even with the surgery , taylor said violet ' does n't see herself as different ' . the only thing that bothered her about her stitches was that she could n't wear ribbons in her hair .