a 23-year-old student who was attending the coachella valley music and arts festival was struck and killed by a freight train just a few miles away from the event 's california site , police said on monday . jannik andersen , a student at the university of colorado , was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio , four miles north-east of coachella 's grounds , shortly after 3am on saturday . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later . police have launched an investigation into the incident . it remains unclear why andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival . tragic : jannik andersen ( pictured ) , an attendee at the coachella valley music and arts festival was struck and killed by a freight train just a few miles away from the event 's california site , police said on monday . farewell : on monday night , mac demarco , a performer at the festival , took to twitter to pay his respects to the fan , who was struck by a union pacific train . he told his 78,000 followers : ' rip jannik andersen ' . speaking to the daily camera , sergeant deborah gray , of riverside coroner 's office said it was too early to determine whether alcohol or drugs were involved in the boulder student 's tragic death . on monday , friends were paying tribute to andersen , who was a non-degree seeking continuing education student from san diego . they described him as a ' genuine ' and always ' happy ' man . zac hoffman , who also attends the university in boulder , told the news site that the student was the ' happiest dude in the world ' , while cody cooper said he was ' the most genuine and energetic ' friend . cooper added that andersen had previously attended coachella , and was especially excited to be joining the tens of thousands of people watching ac/dc and mac demarco at this year 's event . ' he had the wildest and strangest taste in music , but they were always great tunes , ' he said . festival : andersen , a student at the university of colorado , was hit by the train on tracks in indio , four miles northeast of coachella 's grounds , shortly after 3am on saturday . above , crowds at the festival on sunday . use that big smile to guide others ' : twitter user jackson moore posted a photo of andersen beaming and drinking soda in the snow to the social network , writing : ' only met a couple times but u were full of love ' . friend : a young man named ryan douglas , who appears to have been one of andersen 's friends , also took to the site to express his sadness at the college student 's death . he thanked others for reaching out to him . flying over : douglas is among many of andersen 's friends to be flying to san diego for his funeral this week . on monday night , canadian singer mac demarco himself took to twitter to pay his respects to the fan , who was struck by a union pacific train . he told his 78,000 followers : ' rip jannik andersen ' . at around the same time , twitter user jackson moore posted a photo of andersen beaming and drinking soda in the snow to the site , writing : ' only met a couple times but u were full of love . he added : ' use that big smile to guide those you left behind . ' andersen 's many friends , who live as far away as australia and britain , are said to be planning to fly to san diego for a funeral for the student , who graduated from torrey pines high school in 2009 . scene : the riverside coroner 's office said it was too early to determine whether alcohol or drugs were involved in andersen 's death . above , the 45000 block of pacific street , near where the crash occurred . the service is expected to be held near andersen 's home later this week . the first weekend of coachella , which drew around 90,000 music fans , came to a close on sunday night . the popular festival will start again on friday , with performances from an array of artists . these include azealia banks , alabama shakes , jack white , florence and the machine , and more . indio police and union pacific railroad police are investigating andersen 's death . 