a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success — including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into american culture — was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career , has died aged 91 . taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to son robert s. taubman , president and ceo of taubman centers , inc . ' this company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life , ' robert s. taubman wrote in a message to the company 's employees . dead at 91 : real estate mogul and michigan billionaire a. alfred taubman died on friday night at his home after a heart attack . ' he was so proud of what this wonderful company he founded 65 years ago has accomplished . ' taubman 's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a & w restaurant chain , for which he traveled to hungary to figure out why the country 's sausage was so good . he also became a major backer of stem-cell research . but it was his rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front , several stores in one stop close to home — that left a mark on american culture . taubman centers , a subsidiary of his taubman co. , founded in 1950 , currently owns and manages 19 regional shopping centers nationwide . ' everything that excited me that i got interested in , i did , ' taubman told the associated press in a 2007 interview . born january 31 , 1942 , in pontiac , michigan , to german-jewish immigrants , taubman worked as a boy at a department store after school near his family 's home , which was among the custom houses and commercial buildings developed in the area by his father . he was a freshman at the university of michigan when he left to serve in world war ii , around the time he stopped using his first name , adolph . when he returned to ann arbor to study art and architecture , he created small on-campus businesses to cover expenses , then transferred to lawrence technological university near detroit to take night classes while working at an architectural firm as a junior draftsman . family business : taubman prestige outlets chesterfield officially opened in 2013 in chesterfield , missouri a western suburb of st. louis . recognizing the booming post-war growth of the middle class , particularly in the motor city , he launched his first real estate development company in 1950 . his first project was a freestanding bridal shop in detroit — but he had his eyes on something bigger . he 'd noticed shoppers responding to the convenience of 'one-stop comparison shopping opportunity , ' he wrote in his autobiography . so when a friend suggested a shopping plaza in flint , taubman 's company did something radical for the time : stores were pushed to the back of the lot and parking spaces were put up front . it was a success , his young company took on larger-scale developments in michigan , california and elsewhere in the 1950s and early '60s . a. alfred taubman is assisted as he leaves federal court in new york , on monday , april 22 , 2002 where taubman was sentenced to a year in jail for fixing commissions at sotheby 's . taubman served as chairman of sotheby 's holdings , inc. , parent company of sotheby 's art auction house , from 1983 to 2000 , and was a partner in international real estate firm the athena group before he was tangled in a price-fixing scheme . he was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with anthony tennant , former chairman of christie 's international , to fix the commissions the auction giants charged . prosecutors alleged sellers were bilked of as much as $ 400 million in commissions . taubman was fined $ 7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in rochester , minnesota , but long insisted he was innocent and expressed regret for not testifying in his own defense . ' i had lost a chunk of my life , my good name and around 27 pounds , ' he recalled in his book , saying he was forced to take the fall for others . mall man : a. alfred , robert and william taubman , along with randy benderson and other dignitaries , cut the ribbon today to open the mall at university town center in sarasota , florida in 2014 . the case cast a shadow over taubman 's accomplishments , but it diminished over the years — and his philanthropy continued unabated . he had pledged $ 100 million to the university of michigan 's a. alfred taubman medical research institute and its stem-cell research by 2011 . he also financed public-policy programs at harvard , brown university and the university of michigan , which received several large donations . he donated millions and spoke passionately in support of the 2008 ballot initiative in michigan that eased restrictions on embryonic stem-cell research and enabled his namesake institute to conduct major research for diseases — including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or lou gehrig 's disease , which claimed the life of his good friend , new york sen. jacob javits , in 1986 . after turning over control of taubman centers to his two sons , taubman made sustaining the detroit institute of art a priority . his knowledge of how shoppers negotiated malls was tapped to help reconfigure the flow of the museum , and he helped guide the dia as president of the detroit arts commission through chronic financial problems . 