manuel pellegrini has insisted he is not impressed by united 's rise up the table . asked for his thoughts about his team 's great rivals surging past them in the barclays premier league , the manchester city boss said : ' not impressed , no , because i think louis van gaal has a career as a manager where his teams are always offensive teams , teams that win titles everywhere . ' united bought a lot of very good players such as angel di maria , radamel falcao , ander herrera , juan mata and daley blind . manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united 's rise up the table . he points out united 's expensive signings such as angel di maria ( centre ) and radamel falcao ( right ) . pellegrini feels that a manager of louis van gaal 's quality should be expected to do well with such a squad . pellegrini feels that juan mata ( left ) and ander herrera are top players and central to united 's run of form . pellegrini has also singled out united 's dutch defender daley blind ( right ) as a key part of united 's team . ' for me , the strange thing was why they did n't do it before , earlier in the season . ' but it 's not a surprise how they are playing in this moment . ' city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and have not won away since mid-february . that run has seen them slide off chelsea 's shoulder at the top of the league and down to fourth place . pellegrini reiterated his stance that he is not fearful about losing his job but admitted his team have extra motivation ahead of sunday 's game . ' i think the first motivation is always to win , ' he said . ' being a derby against a team like united that dominated the league for so many years , it 's more . ' at one time sir alex ferguson said the neighbours were disturbing them a little bit more , so i say that 's double motivation for us . ' crystal palace forward glenn murray ( bottom left ) celebrates scoring his side 's opening goal against city . jason puncheon scores a stunning free-kick for palace as they inflict a 2-1 defeat on pellegrini 's men . city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and travel to old trafford on sunday . 