a woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial , she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing . charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick . she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ‘ fat and unhealthy’ . scroll down for video . charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape . charlotte said : ' with no holidays on the horizon and hence no impending bikini body exposure to panic about , we needed something else to give us some motivation to get in the gym . ' that motivation came in the form of stripping down to my bra and pants , and taking my first body selfie . ' i was by no means overweight , however , by looking at my body objectively , i wasn’t happy with what i saw and i decided i needed to make a change . ' i started a new fitness programme , and started eating reasonably healthily . ’ joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and charlotte decided to launch healthy selfie . charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come . she said : ' at the end of a six-week period , i compared the images with the help of joe’s photoshop expertise . ' the results were incredible – my body had completely changed – all in complete contradiction to the number on the scales - which had risen as i gained more muscle . ' charlotte and joe ( right ) launched the app after taking selfies following an an indulgent christmas . joe charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and charlotte decided to launch the app . charlotte said : ' this was where the idea for healthy selfie was born . we wanted to create an app that made tracking and comparing your selfies a quick and easy process . ' by then publishing those photos in a social networking environment , the images become so much more than a self-tracking tool – they become a source of information from which other users can glean ideas and inspiration . ' your images become testaments to the efficacy of whatever programme , diet , detox or cleanse you’re pursuing . ' charlotte says the app also provides a safe and supportive community for you to upload your pictures too , with users using the comments section to encourage each other on their journeys . two people who have used the app said it helped them to overcome their own body issues . a student who was told he would never have a six-pack finally achieved his dream . when harry was at college ( left ) he was told by his friends that he would never achieve a six pack , now he shows off his super fit body on healthy selfie ( right ) . harry 's profile on healthy selfie shows how he is getting fitter week by week . harry kersley , 20 , student : harry kersley , 20 , said he used to receive harsh criticism from the other boys at his college but is now proud of his body . harry was told about the app by a friend at the gym . he said : ' i lacked confidence throughout school at epsom college . ' the initial reason for starting my transformation was to improve strength as well as fitness for sport . ' however i received harsh “banter” from my peers at school and i recall one friend saying i will never get a six pack . i allowed this to fuel my determination to this day . ' harry says using the app he charted his progress : ' it 's given me a great confidence boost , and yes , i definitely feel encouraged to continue posting progress pics . ' if you ever start doubting your progress ; looking at old photos make you realise just how much your physique has improved . ' no one expects to become arnold schwarzenegger overnight , but the small incremental changes that you don’t notice from just looking in the mirror every day , is what kept me motivated to continue . ' you ca n't see how much you 've progressed if you do n't keep a record . i 'm now using healthy selfie to track my aesthetic progression , and have seen drastic changes in my muscle definition and fat loss . ‘ i feel great and definitely in the best physical condition of my life . ' anonymous , 17 . this anonymous anorexia sufferer used healthy selfie to chart her recovery process , posting selfies as she regained weight and muscle . a 17-year-old woman – who didn’t want to be named – revealed the app helped her fight anorexia , which started at 14 , including helping her to regain weight and muscle . she said : ' i really got into healthy eating because i wanted to lose weight . ' my friend was a synchronised swimmer and she was so toned , i wanted to look just like her . ‘ i joined a fitness club at school , got quite strong and pretty toned ; i looked good . ' but it became obsessive : my “healthy” eating got so restrictive i was living off salads and fruit . i exercised every day , to the point of collapsing . ‘ i ate less and less , thinking that was the key to being healthy , but i was so wrong . ' it took time for the weight to come off , and these habits continued on until i was 16 . the user posted pictures of herself in the gym as she trained to regain a healthy body with tone and muscle . ' i was diagnosed with anorexia . that really shocked me , because i didn’t feel like anything was wrong with me . ' the user posted pictures of herself in the gym as she trained hard to regain a healthy body with tone and muscle . she revealed : ' i thought about what i wanted to be like before my eating disorder took a hold of me . i wanted to be strong and muscular , toned and fit . ’ she started charting her transformation on instagram but moved over the healthy selfie when it launched in january . she said : ' i think selfies are a great idea , especially for people with eating disorders . ' it allows you to see how much healthier you are . not just in your body , but your face is filled out again , your eyes actually have a sparkle in them , your smile is real . ’ 