david cameron has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years nigel farage suggested today . in a dig at the prime minister , the ukip leader said that he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street . after clashing at last week’s televised leaders debate , mr farage said he had shaken mr cameron’s hand and ‘ complimented him on his appearance’ . scroll down for video . david cameron - who has been accused of trying to hide his bald spot - has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years , nigel farage suggested today . he added : ‘ any man who can reverse the greying process i’m jealous of . ‘i’m going to have a go myself , it’s a wonderful thing . he’s also lost a lot of weight , he’s going out jogging . ’ asked if he thought mr cameron was too vain , mr farage said : ‘ to a certain extent they all are . some people it worries to death and others really don’t worry too much . ’ mr cameron , 48 , has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful . in 2011 , downing street was forced to deny claims mr cameron was fighting the relentless process with unnatural help after his grey hairs looked less prominent , ‘ i promise you he has not dyed his hair , ’ a spokesman said . ‘ the prime minister has other things to think about , he’s just not like that . ’ mr farage said he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street . asked if he thought mr cameron was too vain , a greying mr farage said : ‘ to a certain extent they all are . some people it worries to death and others really don’t worry too much ' . before he was elected mr cameron , the youngest premier in almost 200 years , revealed he was concerned about going grey . ' i 've had a few grey hairs and i expect i 'll get a few more , whatever happens . this is a relentless process , ' he said . a tory party spokesman last night refused to comment on whether mr cameron dyes his hair . 