a veteran teacher at a prestigious new jersey magnet school has been charged with carrying on a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student and sending her explicit emails . bergen county prosecutors say 65-year-old dr donald dewitt was arrested monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . the prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive bergen county academies in hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail tuesday . he has been ordered to have no contact with the victim . disgraced : dr donald dewitt , 65 , a veteran teacher at bergen county academies in new jersey , has been charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . according to prosecutors , the victim 's sister discovered dewitt’s raunchy emails and told their mother , who then called police , reported nj.com . when investigators came to interview the 16-year-old girl , she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly 50 years her senior . on thursday , dewitt , one of the founding members of the renowned school , was suspended from his $ 105,000-a-year job and banned from campus , pending the completion of the investigation . educator 's downfall : the married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails , which were later discovered by her sister . according to his page on bergen county academies ' website , dewitt got his bachelor 's degree in zoology , master 's in biology and a phd in cardiovascular physiology from the university of michigan . for a time , he taught human physiology and chemistry at stevens institute of technology . in 1992 , dewitt became one of the first teachers to join the bergen county academies ' full-time staff . over the years , he has emerged as one of the leading figures at the top-ranked school , teaching numerous human sexuality , biology , anatomy and physiology classes to juniors and seniors . dewitt 's former students described him as a tough grader but an inspiring and innovative educator who steered teenagers towards careers in medicine and science . sachin jain , a 1998 graduate of bergen county academies who went on to become a physician in los angeles , told northjersey.com news of dewitt’s arrest devastated him because to most students , he was a brilliant and challenging teacher . according to online records , dewitt lives in warwick , new york , with his 63-year-old wife . school sex scandal : dewitt was one of the first teachers to join the faculty at bergen county academies in hackensack in 1992 , teaching numerous classes of human sexuality , biology and anatomy .