there will be a white-hot atmosphere at white hart lane on saturday afternoon when aston villa come to town but tim sherwood has got to keep his emotions in check . this is about what happens on the pitch , not the touchline . the villa boss is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal . he did a good job at tottenham — he’s never afraid to talk about having the best premier league win percentage of any spurs boss — but was still not trusted with the job long-term . that will hurt . he was in charge of the youth set-up for years and the club are now reaping the rewards with a team full of academy players , but he is more than just a company man . aston villa manager tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham this weekend . when he was finally given a shot at the top job his personality came flooding through . incredibly driven and extremely confident , he did not take long to make a mark but it was an uneasy relationship and did not last long . that was a shame , because he is talented and i like to see as many former players as possible in managerial roles . there is so much knowledge to harness . at aston villa , he has set the emotional bar high but it’s working . villa were lacking confidence all season and it looked like they lacked the ambition to win games . sherwood’s intensity has sparked them back to life . he has revived christian benteke in the same way as he did for emmanuel adebayor last season . sherwood clearly targets players he feels can make the biggest impact and sets to work . sherwood lets his feelings be known as he celebrates a goal at villa park against queens park rangers . sherwood launches his jacket to the ground in celebration after aston villa pulled level against qpr . sherwood grimaces as the villa mascot - wearing the famous tim sherwood gilet - embraces him . the big belgian has seven goals in five games and looks a top player again . he was not affecting games but now his team-mates find him early . there’s nothing wrong with being direct and benteke is a beast when you get him on the ball . sherwood is still searching for a balance in midfield but he has given charles n’zogbia a chance and still has an eye on youth with talent such as jack grealish coming through . sherwood’s emotional style can be great for a player — his antics on the touchline prove how much it means to him — but it has its drawbacks . he is never afraid to tell his players what he thinks of them . that encourages some but footballers can be sensitive souls . the villa squad won’t like being called ‘icing-on-the-cake players’ and i’m sure a few at tottenham will remember being told they ‘ lack character’ and ‘ are too nice’ . sherwood certainly knew how to get the best out of tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor . big belgian international christian benteke is another striker enjoying working under sherwood . when i was at arsenal and george graham came back to the club as leeds boss , there was an extra determination to beat him . i expect spurs to be exactly the same with sherwood . there’s no doubt he’s talented but he has to be careful not to let his emotions get the better of him . les ferdinand told me when they worked together at spurs , tim needed a calming influence alongside him , as long as it was a peer he could respect . les was the perfect foil . don’t be surprised if sherwood appoints someone like ferdinand at villa . it will be interesting to see what kind of reception sherwood gets on saturday . but with villa staring at a relegation battle this is not about unfinished business or gilet throwing . this is about the result . that’s why tim has to keep his cool . sherwood shouts at his players as they look to earn an important victory at home to qpr . sherwood shares a smile with les ferdinand during their time at white hart lane together .