a simple breath test that could help detect the early stages of stomach cancer has been developed by scientists . the screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development . by looking for distinctive ‘ breath prints’ , researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease . scroll down for video . in and out : thanks to a breath test , researchers claim there were able to detect the early stages of stomach cancer and also to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease ( stock image ) . israeli researchers say the system is accurate , cheap – and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures . the discovery comes as scientists in the us made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer . a protein has been identified which seems to play a crucial role in the rapid growth of tumours . the breath test discovery is hoped to save thousands of lives . about 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the uk each year and most of these cases are in the advanced stages when they are diagnosed . research leader professor hossam haick of the russell berrie nanotechnology institute in haifa , said : ‘ the attraction of this test lies in its non-invasiveness , ease of use , rapid predictiveness , insensitivity to confounding factors , and potentially low cost . ’ breathe : the tscreening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development ( stock image ) . previous research has found that other methods could be used to identify stomach cancer , but none looked at detecting pre-cancerous changes . in the study published online in the journal gut , breath samples were taken from 484 people , including 99 already diagnosed with stomach cancer . they were analysed by so-called nanomaterial sensors , which are able to read a chemical signal or pattern linked with stomach cancer based on very small particles in a patient’s breath . the test is so accurate it could detect the difference between early and late stage gastric cancers . the researchers hope the breath test could be used as an alternative to endoscopies , an invasive and expensive procedure to diagnose gastric cancers using a long flexible tube . a large trial involving thousands of patients , including those with stomach cancer or pre-cancerous changes , is currently under way in europe to test the technology’s suitability as a screening method , they add . meanwhile , us experts say the discovery of a new biomarker protein may one day lead to a test which differentiates men with aggressive prostate cancer from those with a less threatening form of the disease . the findings , published in the scientific journal oncogene , raises hope of tests that deliver an accurate diagnosis from the outset . the results could lead to more targeted treatment for those with the worst cancers – and less treatment for men whose tumours are not dangerous . professor renny franceschi , of the university of michigan , said it paves the way for a ‘ warning light’ that signals how dangerous the cancer is . it might also one day lead to a treatment which stops tumours growing . prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men , with 40,000 diagnosed in britain every year . current tests only identify whether a tumour is likely to be present . but they are unreliable , holding a high risk of ‘ false positives’ that wrongly identify healthy men as having cancer . professor franceschi said that if further research proves positive , eventually it might lead to a test involving a simple biopsy when the patient first complains of symptoms .