last month some of the biggest names in music joined jay z for the launch of his premium music streaming service tidal . but despite all the pomp and circumstance , the app is now floundering at the lower ends of the ios app store chart . at the time of writing the $ 9.95-a-month ( £9.99 ) service ranked at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category in the us . scroll down for video . tidal 's $ 19.99-a-month app ( pictured ) launched in new york on 30 march . following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall . while in the uk the situation is worse , with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category , and disappearing from the overall app list entirely . by comparison , pandora radio and spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the ios and google play downloads are combined . for ios only , pandora is top , apple 's garageband is second and spotify is third . the fall in favour was first spotted by bgr's tero kuittinen and the figures come from app annie and its intelligence platform . it is not known why the app has dropped so significantly but the price may be considered too high for some users . many users who downloaded it and are using it during the trial period may be looking to cancel their subscriptions and uninstall , or alternatively coverage of the app has dropped . the membership-based service - similar to spotify - offers music and exclusive video content that users can stream on computers , tablets and smartphones or listen to offline . tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library . tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video and the service aims to compete directly with spotify and apple 's music service , headed by dr dre . users can pay either $ 9.95 a month for a standard streaming service or $ 19.99 for high quality streaming in the us . the same tiers cost £9.99 and £19.99 in the uk . unlike rival spotify , the service does n't have a free tier - meaning the musicians stand to make more money from it , but this also means it does n't play adverts . tidal streams at 1,411 kilobytes per second - above the 320 for subscribers of spotify . during the launch event on 30 march , rihanna , madonna , beyonce , usher , daft punk , arcade fire , jack white and kanye west joined a host of other stars as they were revealed as co-owners of the subscription service , created by jay z . tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video and the service aims to compete directly with spotify and apple 's music service , headed by dr dre . tidal users can pay either $ 9.95 a month for a standard streaming service or $ 19.99 for high quality streaming in the us . the same tiers cost £9.99 and £19.99 in the uk . unlike rival spotify , the service does n't have a free tier - meaning the musicians stand to make more money from it , but this also means it does n't play adverts . tidal does , however , come with a 30-day free trial . at the event , alicia keys said the artists hope tidal will ' forever change the course of music history ' and ensure the viability of the industry . tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library . it can be streamed online , but also comes with an offline mode and playlists can be imported using partner site soundiiz.com . tidal is said to stream at 1,411 kilobytes per second , above the 320 for subscribers of spotify which offers lower levels for free users . while in the uk the situation is worse for tidal with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category list ( red ) , and falling from the overall app list ( light blue ) entirely as of 22 april . during the launch event rihanna , madonna , beyonce , usher , daft punk , arcade fire , jack white and kanye west joined a host of other stars as they were revealed as co-owners of the subscription service , created by jay z . tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video . by comparison , pandora radio ( left ) and spotify ( right ) occupy first and second spots respectively when the ios and google play downloads are combined . for ios only , pandora is top , apple 's garageband is in second place and spotify sits in third place . streaming - which allows users to play unlimited on-demand music online - has narrowly edged out cd sales in revenues over the last year in the us . industry leader spotify said it has 60 million users with 15 million of paying for the premium service . spotify already has a range of rivals including us-based rhapsody and google play . paris-based deezer is the second largest service with 6 million customers . it is strong in europe and last year entered the us as a high-end-only service . following the launch of tidal , spotify 's ranking jumped from 20th overall ( red ) to 16th in the us , and on 5 april it went from third on the music app chart to second place before falling again the next day . in the uk it held its number one position on the music chart and rose from 8th place to 7th overall ( blue ) . tidal has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library ( pictured ) . it can be streamed online but also comes with an offline mode , and playlists can be imported using partner site soundiiz.com . tidal is said to stream at 1,411 kilobytes per second , above the 320 for premium subscribers of spotify . like tidal , deezer 's elite service uses flac files which are larger than mp3s . apple - which pioneered digital music through itunes in 2001 - is reportedly also looking to launch a new streaming service as the market shifts away from permanent downloads . apple earlier made a bid for streaming customers by buying beats electronics , run by dr. dre . along with the us , tidal is available in britain and france and plans to launch later this year in australia and germany .