daniel sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves , but the striker 's shapes were no match for a young liverpool fan . the reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster . before the pair showed each other their moves , paisley sat down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift . daniel sturridge poses with kop kids presenter paisley ahead of their dance-off in february . the pair shake hands before sitting down for a quick interview before showing off their moves . ' dancing is more from my childhood , ' said sturridge . ' i always used to dance . where i grew up was a caribbean area , so dancing was a huge part of my upbringing and music was exactly the same . ' i listen to music before every game but it 's the dependent on the mood i 'm in and what kind of vibe i want to get into . the 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson in march . he added : ' i 'm not a 1d kind of guy . i 'm not a fan of them , i 'm a fan of their story . it shows anything in life is possible . ' the liverpool frontman throws some shapes after being challenged by the young liverpool fans . the 25-year-old tried his best but looked slightly less confident away from the anfield pitch . the former chelsea striker hinted that this move called ' feed the ducks ' could be his next celebration . renowned for being one of the world 's best young hip-hop dancers , paisley wasted no time in showing off her trademark moves while sturridge attempted a few of his own including his signature goal celebration moves . despite failing to get the better of paisley , sturridge did hint that his next goal celebration would be a new move called ' feed the ducks ' . he joked : ' this is my next thing . you 're going to see this . it 's called feed the ducks . ' kop kids presenter and renowned hip-hop dance paisley shows sturridge how it 's done . sturridge looks concerned as he realises his moves do n't quite match up to paisley 's . sturridge has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against manchester united on march 22 . 