twelve months ago , liverpool were a free-flowing , potent attacking force with the ss ( luis suarez and daniel sturridge ) firing on all cylinders - the pair would eventually end up scoring 52 of liverpool 's 101 goals in the premier league.this season , however , the goals have dried up . replacing suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task , but liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan 's absence . unfortunately for brendan rodgers , things in the final third have not quite clicked in the final third in the way they did last season . luis suarez and daniel sturridge ( right ) scored 52 premier league goals for liverpool last season . raheem sterling has struggled in front of goal this season , scoring only scored six premier league goals . jordan henderson ( centre ) celebrates scoring sixth goal of the season , a penalty against arsenal on saturday . with just seven games of the season left liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season - and their top scorers - raheem sterling , jordan henderson and steven gerrard - have scored six goals each . to put that into context , only crystal palace ( dwight gayle and mile jedinak - four ) and sunderland ( adam johnson and steven fletcher - four ) have top scorers with fewer premier league goals than liverpool . while aston villa 's top scorers christian benteke and gabriel agbonlahor have also only managed six each . what the stats clearly show is that liverpool have not filled the void left by suarez , they are missing a harry kane ( 19 goals ) , a diego costa ( also 19 ) , a sergio aguero ( 17 ) , even a charlie austin ( 16 goals ) - and it has cost them dearly . harry kane ( centre ) did n't score against burnley on sunday , but has 19 premier league goals this season . diego costa is the joint top scorer in the premier league with 19 goals in his first season in england . liverpool fans would argue that in sturridge , who scored 21 league goals last term , they do have a player capable of scoring 20+ goals a season - and they are right . the england striker has had a frustrating season due to various injuries , and that is unfortunate , but liverpool 's others goal threats - raheem sterling , mario balotelli and rickie lambert - simply have n't met the standards set by the ss last season . some may also argue that while liverpool lack a single focal point in attack , the group as a whole have picked up the slack . that may be true to an extent but kane and costa have scored more than sterling , henderson and gerrard combined . and there can be little doubt that had sturridge remained fit all season he would have more than six premier league goals by this stage of the season . the are mitigating circumstances for liverpool , no doubt , but the stats do n't lie and the fact that no one person has grabbed the mantle left by suarez or sturridge has proven costly for liverpool - and may be a crucial reason why they miss out on champions league football next season . only sunderland and crystal palace have top scorers with fewer premier league goals than liverpool this season .  arsenal - alexis sánchez , olivier giroud . 14 . aston villa - christian benteke , gabriel agbonlahor . 6 . burnley - danny ings . 9 . chelsea - diego costa . 19 . crystal palace - dwight gayle , mile jedinak . 5 . everton - romelu lukaku . 8 . hull - nikica jelavic . 8 . leicester - leonardo ulloa . 7 . liverpool - raheem sterling , steven gerrard , jordan henderson . 6 . man city - sergio aguero . 17 . man united - wayne rooney . 12 . newcastle - papiss cisse . 11 . qpr - charlie austin 16 . southampton - graziano pelle . 8 . stoke - mame biram diouf . 8 . sunderland - adam johnson , steven fletcher . 4 . swansea* - wilfried bony . 9 . ki sung-yueng . 7 . tottenham - harry kane . 19 . west brom - saido berahino . 12 . west ham - diafra sakho . 10 . *wilfried bony scored nine goals for swansea before moving to man city . the club 's current top scorer is ki sung-yueng with seven goals .