the tories are set to steal labour’s thunder by unveiling tax breaks for workers on the minimum wage . a text message intended for a senior aide to george osborne – but accidentally sent to a newspaper – yesterday divulged plans for a ‘ tax free minimum wage’ . the details are unclear , but it is thought this would mean that those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax – even if its level is raised in future . new plan : the details of george osborne 's leaked plans are unclear , but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn ' t be paying any income tax . the minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour , rising to £6.70 in october . labour’s ed miliband yesterday pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above £8 an hour by october 2019 . but the conservatives look set to outflank both labour and the lib dems on the issue of low pay with a firm commitment in their own manifesto , released today . david cameron said in his speech to the conservative party conference last year that he wanted to see the threshold for paying income tax – currently £10,600 – go up to £12,500 by april 2020 . this will take an extra million people out of income tax altogether , while giving 30million workers a tax cut worth £500 a year . critique : danny alexander said osborne’s spending plans are ' becoming less and less credible ' . but if mr cameron goes further by also raising the minimum wage – and still keeping everyone on it out of tax – then that would represent a major giveaway . tax cuts for the low paid are a priority for the prime minister after promising to raise the inheritance tax threshold and the 40p rate of tax for those on higher incomes . a text message from downing street intended for the chancellor’s adviser , neil o’ brien , read : ‘ hi neil , have sent you the tax free min wage press notice draft . rupert asks if you could print for george in no11 ? ’ rupert refers to rupert harrison , the chancellor’s most senior economic adviser . the text message ended up being sent to a journalist at the guardian . it is thought that it refers to a guarantee that , every time the minimum wage rises , its recipients would be protected from paying any income tax . danny alexander , the liberal democrat chief secretary to the treasury , said it would be another unfunded spending commitment . he added : ‘ george osborne’s spending plans are becoming less and less credible by the day , and it’s embarrassing . ‘ they now expect the public to believe them when they make unfunded promises with one hand , whilst decimating family budgets and public services with the other . ’ harriet harman , deputy leader of the labour party , said : ‘ the tories are making panicky promises with absolutely no idea how they will pay for them . ’ mr miliband yesterday brought forward by one year his pledge to increase the minimum wage to £8 . he also promised to enforce it more effectively with higher fines for offending firms .