those surprised at yaya toure 's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from manchester city this week should not be . the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs . toure , for example , left home as a teenager to play in the belgian second division . following that came some formative years playing for metalurh donetsk in eastern ukraine . history also tells us that toure , now almost 32 , never stays in one place too long . equally , though , toure 's rather clumsy statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at city and indeed in the barclays premier league . it looks likely yaya toure may leave manchester city this summer but his legacy should be a positive one . toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for city in the manner seen in previous seasons . toure 's time at city is defined as a success , bringing two premier league titles to the etihad . it looks extremely likely that he will leave england this summer . toure has started to play and sound like an unhappy footballer , the social alliance he has formed with the etihad 's enfant terrible samir nasri hardly helping . if and when he does go , though , it is for his extraordinary contribution on the field – and not the unfortunate noise that has started to surround him - for which he should be remembered . at his club , toure has been fundamental to city 's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions . back in 2010 , he arrived as a statement signing - a £24m fee and £1m a month – for a club determined to accelerate its own learning curve . it worked and , on a wider scale , he has simply been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen in its modern form . i once asked a member of city 's coaching staff if there was anybody quicker at the club than micah richards . he replied : ' yes , yaya . not over the first few yards but when he gets going he is unstoppable . he 's like a truck heading downhill without the brakes . ' premier league defenders would testify to that but there was always more to him . toure possesses an intelligent football brain , the vision required of all top class central players and a sureness of touch . he has also had a demeanour that has allowed him the confidence to play just about anywhere on the field . this , remember , is a man who played as a central defender in a champions league final against manchester united . the first time he had ever played that position , he faced off with cristiano ronaldo as barcelona won in rome in 2009 . ' we had a good team so it was not that hard for me that night , ' toure told this newspaper in december 2011 . toure ( right ) demonstrated his versatily by shackling cristiano ronaldo in the 2009 champions league final . midfield player toure ( left ) signed for city for a fee of £24million from barcelona in 2010 . mark hughes , the then city boss , begun a plan to sign kolo toure in an attempt to entice yaya along . in that same interview , toure admitted that he liked to listen to whitney houston in his car on the way to training . ' that other music makes my head hurt , ' he laughed . a detail that had been leaked rather mischievously by his brother kolo , it pointed to a relationship that went straight to the heart of toure 's presence at the etihad stadium . though he did n't arrive at city until five summers ago , city 's pursuit of toure had actually started eighteen months earlier in the january window of 2009 . stunned by a home fa cup defeat to nottingham forest , city 's then manager mark hughes presented the club 's board with a list of transfer targets . toure , then in his barcelona pomp , was on it and so , cleverly , was his brother . the plan was straight forward . sign kolo and maybe yaya would follow . the two brothers – as close as could be – had always wanted to play together domestically and kolo 's subsequent recruitment from arsenal in the summer of 2009 was the trigger for the arrival of yaya a year later . sadly for hughes , sacked at christmas later that year , he was n't around to see his plan come together . nevertheless , yaya 's arrival remains one of the pivotal moments in the development of the modern manchester city . the plan worked , with both ivory coast players gradually signing , but hughes had been sacked by then . toure ( left ) is a quiet figure away from the field and refuted reports of a fall-out with mario balotelli . toure ( centre ) led city to the premier league title 2012 and inspired an important victory at newcastle . away from the field , the lumbering toure has always been a relatively gentle soul . when he ordered a 50inch tv from a store in south manchester soon after his arrival in the area , he was immediately told by wife gineba to return it . it was simply too big – she said – which was interesting given that on the same day she had taken delivery of a dressing table with swarovski diamonds embedded in the drawer handles . when , in april 2012 , toure was accused in print of arguing with mario balotelli during half-time of a game against sunderland he invited sportsmail to talk to him . ' i love mario , ' he said . ' i am going to take him on holiday to africa . ' that trip never took place but on the field toure fulfilled the promises he made when he arrived . a winning goal in an fa cup semi-final against manchester united in 2011 was followed by another , against stoke city , in the final . city were up and running and when toure scored from 30 yards at newcastle a year later , a first premier league title was on its way . for a while , he was almost unstoppable . toure ( left ) also led city to fa cup glory in 2011 with a decisive goal against united in the semi-final . toure also scored city 's winning goal against stoke city in the fa cup final in 2011 . toure delivered the trophies that he was brought in to do and will be missed at city when he departs . this season , toure has not been at his best . he has , at times , looked his age . his manager manuel pellegrini has n't always helped by asking him to play as part of a holding two in midfield when it has been apparent for a while that he is now most effective as a modern day number ten , free of defensive obligations . city still win lots of games when toure starts , though . they will miss him when he goes . the footprints he leaves behind will be deep ones . 