while google and apple are developing self driving vehicles , nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun . called the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , it was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets . on earth , however , it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph . watch the buggy in action below . unlike a normal car , the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators , the driver of an mrv relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals and then transmitted by wires to the vehicle 's motors . a turn of the steering wheel , for instance , is recorded by sensors and sent to computers at the rear of the vehicle . these computers interpret that signal and instruct motors at one or all four of the wheels to move at the appropriate rate , causing the vehicle to turn as commanded . nasa says the vehicles was buit ' in order to advance technologies that have applications for future vehicles both in space and on earth . ' ' with seating for two people , mrv is a fully electric vehicle well-suited for busy urban environments , it says . mrv is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-corners . each e-corner consists of a redundant steering actuator , a passive trailing arm suspension , an in-wheel propulsion motor , and a motor-driven friction braking system . each e-corner can be controlled independently and rotated ±180 degrees about its axis . this allows for a suite of driving modes allowing mrv to maneuver unlike any traditional vehicle on the road . in addition to conventional front two wheel steering , the back wheels can also articulate allowing for turning radiuses as tight as zero . the driving mode can be switched so that all four wheels point and move in the same direction achieving an omni-directional , crab-like motion . this makes a maneuver such as parallel parking as easy as driving next to an available spot , stopping , and then operating sideways to slip directly in between two cars . ' this two-seater vehicle was designed to meet the growing challenges and demands of urban transportation , ' said mason markee , also with johnson . ' the mrv would be ideal for daily transportation in an urban environment with a designed top speed of 70 km/hr and range of 100 km of city driving on a single charge of the battery . ' the size and maneuverability of mrv gives it an advantage in navigating and parking in tight quarters . ' with a designed top speed of around 70 km/hr , test driving proved to be a bit of fun . justin ridley told an nasa magazine : ' it 's like driving on ice but having complete control . ' it 's a blast to ride in and even more fun to drive . we 've talked about it being like an amusement park ride . ' the ' fun ' of driving was not something we tried to design for , just something that came out of the design . ' once we got it running many of us commented that we had no idea it was going to be able to do the things it does . ' ' this work also allowed us to develop some technologies we felt were needed for our future rovers , ' said ridley . the driver controls mrv with a conventional looking steering wheel and accelerator/brake pedal assembly . the driving mode can be switched so that all four wheels point and move in the same direction - perfect for parallel parking . ' these include redundant by-wire systems , liquid cooling , motor technology , advanced vehicle control algorithms . ' we were able to learn a lot about these and other technologies by building this vehicle . ' the buggy can also be controlled remotely , and in the future nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving . the driver controls mrv with a conventional looking steering wheel and accelerator/brake pedal assembly . both of these interfaces were specially designed to mimic the feel of the mechanical/hydraulic systems that people are used to feeling when driving their own cars . the buggy can also be controlled remotely , and in the future nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving . ' while the vehicle as a whole is designed around operating in an urban environment , the core technologies are advancements used in many of our robotic systems and rovers , ' said mason . ' actuators , motor controllers , sensors , batteries , bms , component cooling , sealing , and software are all examples of technologies that are being devel oped and tested in mrv that will be used in next generation rover systems . ' the technologies developed in mrv have direct application in future manned vehicles undertaking missions on the surface of earth 's moon , on mars , or even an asteroid . ' additionally , mrv provides a platform to learn lessons that could drive the next generation of automobiles .  