a grandmother nicknamed the ' fairy dogmother ' spends more than £28,000 a year looking after the stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home . for more than 30 years , pat senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton , greater manchester , with the animals , taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary . she estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . pat senior , 66 , ( pictured ) who is nicknamed the ' fairy dogmother ' , spends more than £28,000 a year looking after as many as 26 stray or abandoned dogs she has welcomed into her home . grandmother-of-four mrs senior and her businessman husband , charles , currently have 19 dogs in their care , including lurchers , german shepherds and chinese cresteds who all sleep and live at her home . she has made makeshift beds for the animals in the couple 's garage , with some dogs sleeping in the living room , although three chinese cresteds are allowed to sleep in her bed . she takes in neglected greyhounds as well as adopting dogs from pounds , and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . mrs senior spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . as well as taking in neglected greyhounds , mrs senior also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . she describes meal times as ' chaotic ' , with her shopping list consisting of 40 small chickens a week for the smaller and medium sized dogs , and two large packs of minced chicken and pasta a day for the larger animals . ' i wake at 6.30am and it 's nonstop from then on , ' said mrs senior . ' we feed the dogs at dinner time and then they get a big dinner in the evening . it 's a mad rush and chaotic with dog bowls all over the place and we make sure every dog gets its dinner . they are here there and everywhere . i also take the only four fit enough to walk out . i also clean . ' mrs senior , who is also a painter , left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman trying to rehome a stray lurcher , lexus , in 1981 . within a few weeks she became inundated with calls from greyhound owners wanting her to take the dogs off their hands and so set up the angels with furry coats dog rescue , which is run entirely from her home . she says was then asked to work undercover for a bbc documentary to ' expose the dark side of grey hound racing , ' and was horrified to see greyhounds drugged with heroine and living in squalor . she then made it her mission to open her home to as many neglected dogs as she could , and last year had eight stray hounds brought over from romania and hungary at a cost of £350 per animal . due to the poor condition of many of her dogs her veterinary bill amounts to around £17,000 a year . ' i have been told i am completely mad and i could have brought many properties with all that money but i would rather be me than someone doing nothing , ' she said . ' somebody has got to look after these dogs and not everyone can . they like holidays and an easy life . mrs senior and one of her angels with furry coats volunteers , lorraine , walk some of the rescued dogs . as well as taking in neglected greyhounds , the grandmother-of-four also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof . ' people were calling and saying if you do n't take the dog i will kill it . i decided this is what i am going to do for the rest of my life . ' i had no idea what was happening before . i had to deal with owners who would regularly give the dogs heroine . they would have all these dogs hopped up on drugs and off their heads . i was really disgusted . i saw a picture of some hanging by their necks from trees . ' ' if i think about it i could have had a pretty good lifestyle if i had n't spent all this money on the dogs . but i do it because you see these sad cases and when you manage to turn it around it is so worth it . ' mrs senior , who is also a painter , left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a woman trying to rehome a stray lurcher , lexus , in 1981 . the mother-of-two says she is rushed off her feet all day , especially as she likes ' to live in a nice house and not a kennel . ' she added : ' i have a lovely home and everything has to be spotless . people are gobsmacked that we have a beautiful house . we do not live in a dog kennel . ' many of the dogs that come into mrs senior 's care are in bad condition and she says she loves getting them back in shape . ' many of them are flea bitten or emaciated , ' she said . ' but some have been garrotted , had fat poured all over them , burnt with cigarettes and some have even be sexually abused . but it is an amazing feeling with you get them better and their eyes light up . '