this bundle of joy was a special spring surprise for both his mother and the farmers who delivered the 20lb new-born after a gruelling three-hour birth . he was so big that it took shepherd john hendy and a team of three helpers to help mother jean deliver the young lamb near melton mowbray , leicestershire , who they 've now named big ben . suffolk black lamb jean is seven years old and an experienced mother but ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs . big ben : the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born , towering over peers . proud mum : jean with huge son big ben after a three-hour labour at a leicestershire farm . ben is n't the biggest lamb ever born in this country but jean morris from the farm said big ben was comfortably the biggest they have ever delivered . ' i do n't think there was anything unusual about either parent and this is the first time we have bred a lamb as large as this , ' she said . ' his mother must have been relieved when it was over . ' she added that the farm hopes to keep ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock . ' this year we had 86 ewes to lamb but no-one expected anyone like him , ' she said . ' we are thinking about keeping him as a tup - a breeding ram - to see if he passes on his weight to the lambs he sires . ' almost as big as a person : ben dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same farm this season . ben 's arrival came just a fortnight after the largest lamb born in the uk weighed in at a massive 24lbs in north wales . he was named the big one and is believed to be the heaviest lamb ever born in the wild . last year goliath was born at a hefty 22lbs 5oz in wellington in somerset . the title for the heaviest suffolk cross lamb was bruno , nicknamed ' woooly lamboth ' , who was born in worcestershire in 2009 at a healthy 21lbs . bruno was spared the chop because of his size as his owner decided to keep him as a pet because he was curious to know just how big he would get . new zealand is the world 's biggest producer of lambs . but the largest new-born lamb ever recorded there weighed just 15.5lbs .  