these days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere in the world - find the one that best suits you with our guide . host with the most . the concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment , you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts . web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield . at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district . we can all find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper . more information : www.homestay.com . dive in : this light-filled apartment and swimming pool in los angeles can be rented through onefinestay.com . rich pickings . rent posh private apartments in some of the world’s most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town . these luxury homes are on offer through the website onefinestay.com in london , paris , new york and los angeles . the firm’s latest venture is a deal with travel firm carrier to offer accommodation complete with flights , transfers and financial protection . more information : www.onefinestay.com . head for the west coast : take a trawl online and you could be hitting the surf on a board before you know it . bed-and-breakfast extravaganza . an online company that started out as a website offering airbeds for rent on living room floors in san francisco , with breakfast thrown in , now claims 800,000 listings in towns and cities worldwide . its name , airbnb.com , remains unchanged in homage to its origins , and with so many listings , no doubt the occasional inflatable mattress still features . these days , it is people wanting to raise cash from their spare room who form the great majority of hosts . but a thorough search of airbnb will yield yurts in mongolia , castles in the alps , treehouses in new england , igloos in the canadian arctic and innumerable boats ( where an airbed doubles as a life raft , naturally ) to stay in . back in san francisco , where it all started , search through thousands of listings ranging from £7 per night on a sofa to £500-plus for a whole apartment . more information : www.airbnb.com . diverse : airbnb.com offers an array of accommodation , from spare rooms to igloos or even a mongolian yurt . home from home . book a villa or city apartment , then sit back and relax in the knowledge that even though you are paying far below top whack , every little thing will be fine . owners of the thousands of properties listed on the housetrip.com site are so confident you’ll be happy , they take payment 48 hours after guests arrive . if you get there and are dissatisfied , the company will find an alternative or give you a refund . more information : www.housetrip.com . ethical getaways . the squeaky-clean agency responsibletravel.com specialises in ethical travel by connecting tourists with local travel companies all over the world , particularly in developing countries . homestays are at the core of its business culture , whether that means sleeping in a masai hut in a kenyan village or getting to know your indian hosts in a palatial old merchant’s haveli in rajasthan . other options include staying on a coffee farm in costa rica and hanging out in the australian outback . nearer to home , you can share in the life of berber villagers in the atlas mountains of morocco ( avoid ramadan , 30 days from june 18 ) or stay with a family who grow herbs at an eco-home in slovenia’s soca valley . more information : www.responsibletravel.com . far away : stay in a masai hut in a kenyan village ( above ) or a haveli in rajasthan with responsibletravel . get put up for free . finally , the social-networking and ‘ hospitality exchange’ website couchsurfing.org enables registered users to contact host members and stay with them , free , for a day or two . this may be on a sofa , though more commonly a spare bed is offered . guests then ‘surf’ on to their next venue . the ‘free‘ part is not necessarily as important as sharing briefly in the life of the host , who will typically take you on a tour of their city and introduce you to friends . although no fee is paid , it is common for the guest to bring a gift or invite the hosts out for a restaurant meal . the scheme suits travellers on a tight budget interested in engaging with locals rather than fellow residents of backpacker hostels . more information : www.couchsurfing.org .