the woman falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo has been snapped cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder . sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team . but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer . sarah watson , who was falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo , has been snapped with a suspicious white powder . ms watson is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of the unknown white powder on the glass table . the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her . last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner , and rojo was ordered to pay her £25,000 legal costs . ' i just wish i 'd never got involved with the likes of them , ' she said after the court case . ' this has been a total nightmare . now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal ms watson 's party girl lifestyle . in one , she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of an unknown white power in las vegas . in another , she is pictured with a kingsize roll-up while in one , a scantily clad ms watson is seen making a v-sign as she poses on the bonnet of a police car . a close friend told the mirror that single ms watson was a regular at trendy spots san carlo and neighbourhood in manchester . the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo ( left ) and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her . it was a last-minute decision to go for a ' girls ' night out ' with six friends in december last year that landed sarah in her gruelling legal fight . the 34-year-old had met rojo at manchester united 's private christmas party in a manchester bar . she said the footballer had approached her and complimented her looks and dress . despite calling his approach ' cheesy ' , she had decided to give him her phone number . later that evening rojo invited her to his friend 's flat for a more private party , but she declined and they parted . he then sent a text at 2am . ' my love , where are you ? ' he asked . ' it was a bit of an ego boost for me . there were a lot of young , pretty girls that night , but he wanted me . ' so she and a girlfriend booked a taxi to the address he sent her . when they arrived at the flat in the centre of the city , a friend of rojo 's – known in court as mr x but who now can be named as kristian bereit – made a shocking proposition . rojo 's identity in the court case was originally held back as a ' premier league footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . ' he asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with marcos . i told him that i was not a prostitute . ' but she did find the argentine star 's dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ' i did it because i liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ' she said . she had been shocked when he started bombarding her with astonishingly explicit messages and naked photos . but she rapidly found herself pitched against the might of the football club , the spoiled multi- millionaire player and lawyers who act for several manchester united stars who went to extreme lengths to keep the story out of the papers . she was depicted in court – and in the national press – as a scheming blackmailer who demanded £100,000 to keep quiet about the affair . rojo 's identity in the court case was originally held back as a ' premier league footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . rojo 's wife , eugenia lusardo ( pictured with rojo last month ) is a lingerie model . and it was on this basis that the player 's lawyers obtained a high court order preventing her from speaking out . ‘ people who look after marcos claimed i had demanded £100,000 to keep quiet about our encounter , ’ she said.. ‘ but it was a lie and they knew it . they tried to trap me . ’ ‘ i didn’t set out to do a kiss and tell , but the chance to make some money to pay for my personal training course was very tempting . i’m a single woman and i had not done anything illegal or that i was ashamed of . ' [ rojo ] and his people contrived to make me look like a greedy cow , when it was them who offered me £100,000 as hush money . ' last month mr justice warby made a ruling in the high court that overturned the gagging order and ordered rojo to pay sarah 's estimated £25,000 legal costs . the defender has not spoken about the incident publicly , while his friend bereit - who sarah claims offered her the money - declined to comment . 