cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch . but that doesn’t prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot cichlid a stroke . capturing his remarkable relationship on camera , roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . the fish begins relaxing in the man 's hand and stays very still as the owner begins to stroke it with his finger . the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man’s fingers . the man then begins massaging the pet by running his finger along it and the fish stays completely still as if enjoying the sensation . repeating the process , the fish swims off once more before immediately returning to the man’s hand to be stroked again . later in the video the fish interacts further with the man by swimming up his arm and circling his fingers . the man places his hand into the tank and gently cups the blood parrot cichlid with his fingers . before burying its face into his hand and remaining very still once more . the video concludes with the man removing his hand from the tank and the fish , clearly saddened by this , following it up to the surface of the water . according to mr giroux , who uploads many videos of his fish to his youtube channel , the blood parrot cichlid used to share its tank with two other fish . the fish swims away from the man 's hand a few times in the video but returns to be massaged . but he was forced to remove the other two from the tank when he noticed that they were bullying his prized pet . he then set about interacting with the fish by feeding it frozen blood worms by hand and eventually he noticed it becoming more sociable . after a while the fish enjoyed being stroked and mr giroux noted that it would become frustrated if he didn’t play with it on a daily basis . the fish begins swimming around the man 's fingers and towards the surface as he removes his hand . the man massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day . the blood parrot cichlid is a hybrid of the midas and the redhead cichlid and was first bred in taiwan around 1986 .