two gunmen have assassinated prominent pakistani women 's rights activist sabeen mahmud by pulling up next to her vehicle at a traffic light and spraying it with bullets . photographs taken of her vehicle show her sandals remained resting in the footwell of the driver 's seat , while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood . while investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing , friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan - a country with a nascent democracy where the military and intelligence services still hold tremendous sway . scroll down for video . assassinated women 's rights activist sabeen mahmud 's sandals remain in the footwell of her car , where she was gunned down on friday night . a pakistani cameraman films her car hours after she was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle . pakistani police officers examine the damaged car , who was killed as she returned to her home in karachi . the gunmen shot both mahmud and her mother , mehnaz mahmud , as they stopped at a traffic light friday night in an upscale karachi neighborhood , senior police officer zafar iqbal said . later , journalists saw their car at a nearby police station , the front driver 's side window smashed out and the pair of sandals on the floorboard with broken glass all around them . blood stained the car 's white body . ' two men riding a motorcycle opened fire on the car , ' iqbal said , adding that mehmud ' died on her way to the hospital . her mother was also wounded . ' alia chughtai , a close friend of mahmud , said that she was driving at the time of attack and her mother was sitting next to her . she added that mahmud 's driver , who escaped unharmed , was sitting in the back seat at the time of the attack but she was unsure why the driver was n't driving the car . mr iqbal and other police officials declined to offer a motive for the slaying . however , earlier that night mahmud hosted an event at her organization called the second floor to discuss human rights in baluchistan , an impoverished but resource-rich southwestern province bordering iran . thousands of people have disappeared from the province in recent years amid a government crackdown on nationalists and insurgent groups there . activists blame the government for the disappearances , something authorities deny . qadeer baluch , an activist who last year led a nearly 3,000-kilometer ( 1,900-mile ) protest march across pakistan to demand justice for the missing in baluchistan , attended the event . he hinted that the government could be involved in mahmud 's slaying . people carry the casket sabeen mahmud , who was killed by two unknown gunmen on a motorcycle . ' everybody knows who killed her and why , ' baluch told pakistan 's the nation newspaper , without elaborating . ' the programme organisers were already receiving threats . it is very difficult to talk about baluchistan in pakistan . ' prime minister nawaz sharif condemned mahmud 's killing and ordered an investigation into the attack . the u.s. embassy in islamabad also condemned mahmud 's slaying and offered condolences to her loved ones . mahmud was ' a courageous voice of the pakistani people and her death represents a great loss , ' it said . she was a well-known activist who also ran a small tech company , hosted poetry readings , computer workshops and other events at the second floor . she continued to live in karachi , pakistan 's southern port city , even while acknowledging the danger from insurgent groups and criminals operating there . ' fear is just a line in your head , ' mahmud told wired magazine in 2013 . ' you can choose what side of that line you want to be on . ' pakistan 's powerful army condemned the killing , pledging that the country 's intelligence agencies would assist in the investigation . a woman mourns after attending the funeral prayers of women 's rights activist sabeen mahmud .