a newlywed has died of cancer while on a honeymoon road trip just weeks after his wedding . john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d . anderson cancer center , after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal . john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at md anderson cancer center after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer , was terminal . after the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week , hoping to make it to visit john 's friend dave in oregon . ' we 've driven through the mountains , we 've been in snow . we 've been in the rocky canyons , we 've seen waterfalls , ' said lindsey , 29 . but their journey came to an end when john 's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in grand junction , colorado . their journey came to an end when john 's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in grand junction , colorado . when john died his new wife sat by his side , holding his hand . ' this world will be a much sadder place without john in it , ' lindsey told khou11 news . ' the biggest thing that john would want to take away is that there is still love out there , ' said lindsey . burkitt’s lymphoma is a relatively rare and aggressive form of non-hodgkin’s lymphoma . it affects lymphocytes - a type of white blood cell - which are found in the blood and in lymph glands . lymphoma is a disease where lymphocyte b-cells grow in an uncontrolled way . patients with the cancer experience a swelling in the lymph nodes . if burkitts lymphoma is in the chest or throat , people can have difficulty swallowing or breathing , whereas if it appears as a lump in the abdomen , it can cause pain , swelling , nausea and diarrhoea . ' everyone deserves to be loved . you love selflessly , you love with everything you have and he 's done that and i 've done that and it 's made for an incredible story . something that i will cherish forever . ' the pair , began dating in january 2013 after meeting online . but six months into their relationship , john was was diagnosed with burkitt lymphoma . it is a cancer of the lymphatic system , which is part of the body 's immune system , made up of organs such as the bone marrow and lymph nodes . the rapidly growing cancer started in his leg , but had recently spread to his brain . but after being told the outlook was now bleak , the pair got married at the university of texas m.d . anderson cancer center , where john was receiving treatment . ' my love for you is eternal , ' john told his bride in their wedding vows . lindsey , who has a young daughter from a previous relationship , quit her job as a restaurant manager to help look after john . john set up a justgiving page to help with his funeral costs and support his new wife and mother . lindsey , who has a young daughter from a previous relationship , quit her job as a restaurant manager to help look after john . ' my love for you is eternal , ' john told his bride in their wedding vows . 