sheriff mbye , who died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside a kfc on friday evening . a second 18-year-old has been arrested today on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death outside a kfc restaurant . sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside the restaurant in northfield , birmingham on friday afternoon . today an 18-year-old from the birmingham area was arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder . it comes after officers arrested another 18-year-old on suspicion of murder on friday , with officers being granted more time to question the teenager . police were called to bristol road south in birmingham just before 5pm on friday to reports of a stabbing outside a kfc restaurant . officers found a 19-year-old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds being treated by customers at a nearby barbershop . police then received reports that victim mr mbye had been dropped off at the queen elizabeth hospital in birmingham in a white audi , which then sped off . but despite the best efforts of doctors , the 18-year-old died in hospital two hours later . detectives launched a major murder investigation and the audi was found abandoned in ladywood , birmingham , late on friday night . bristol road south was reopened today but a scene is being preserved at the barber shop where the 19-year-old victim was treated by members of the public . officers are also carrying out forensic examinations on the white audi and trawling cctv from the area . police were called to a kfc restaurant ( pictured ) in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . today police appealed for eyewitnesses to come forward and confirmed they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder . detective inspector harry harrison , from west midlands police , said : ' our investigation is moving swiftly and we have received immense support from the public . ' however i would still ask anyone who witnessed the incident and has n't spoken to police to come forward . when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are currently trying to identify them . ' in particular i would like to speak to a young woman who was nearby pushing a pram as the incident happened and was clearly distressed by what she saw . ' i would like to reassure the community that we are building a very clear picture of what happened on friday evening and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with sheriff mybe’s murder . ' our thoughts remain with his family as they continue to come to terms with his death . ' sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .