a drug company has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘ cheap , safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss on the nhs . it has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness , according to the bmj . the respected medical journal says avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration ( amd ) as the current treatment , lucentis . drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘ cheap , safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss which would save the nhs around £102million a year . avastin is much cheaper and it is estimated that widespread use of the drug would save the nhs around £102million a year . but the bmj says the drug company has consistently tried to ‘ undermine and divert attention’ from trials to prove avastin works – even turning to the royal national institute of blind people ( rnib ) for help . wet amd is the most common form of blindness in people over 50 . findings from clinical trials suggest avastin is safe and effective in treating amd – but it costs £70 per treatment compared with £740 for an injection of lucentis . novartis , which markets lucentis in the uk , has allegedly tried to ‘ do everything’ it can to stop trials of the cancer drug . the bmj obtained emails under a freedom of information request showing that clinicians with ties to novartis had urged some primary care trusts to pull out of one avastin trial , while efforts were made to ‘derail’ a second publicly funded uk trial . the trial’s chief investigator , alex foss , a consultant ophthalmologist at queen’s medical centre , nottingham , told the bmj how , during the planning stage , a novartis representative tried to divert him to novartis funded work – with the prospect of future funds for personal research projects . the bmj says drug company novartis ( pictured ) has consistently tried to ‘ undermine and divert attention’ from trials to prove avastin works – even turning to the royal national institute of blind people for help . dr foss said : ‘ he stated novartis would do everything to stop the trial and challenge its ethics . he stated the challenge would not come from novartis itself but from the rnib . ’ dr foss said the novartis representative , whom he met in a pub , had funded an rnib campaign to get lucentis made available to patients before approval by the nhs watchdog . bmj editor in chief , dr fiona godlee , said the new evidence ‘ raises questions about the legal and regulatory positions that have skewed clinical practice , fuelled nhs drug costs , and left doctors confused about what they can and can’t prescribe’ . loss of vision that develops with age , known as age-related macular degeneration , is the most common cause of blindness in people over 50 . most amd starts as a ‘dry’ form but for one in five it progresses to the more severe , but treatable form of wet amd . amd robs people of the central vision necessary for reading , driving or simply recognising people’s faces . wet amd is caused by abnormal growth of blood vessels around the eye . it can be treated by using drugs to stop the growth of a natural protein called vascular endothelial growth factor , which prevents the formation of new blood vessels . research suggests the number of britons with amd will rise by a quarter in the next decade , up from 600,000 at present to 750,000 . she said : ‘ doctors and academics have carried out clinical trials despite threats and intimidation – and doctors leaders should follow suit and not allow themselves to be bullied either . ‘doctors’ leaders also need to sort out the web of misinformation about drug prescribing that has been generated behind closed doors and is costing the nhs hundreds of millions of pounds a year by scaring doctors from using cheap and effective medicines . ’ the rnib told the bmj that last year only 0.3 per cent of its total income was from drug companies . a spokesman said : ‘ we stand by our decision to challenge the trial , which was motivated entirely by our aim to protect patients’ right to timely sight-saving treatment . ’ a novartis spokesman said : ‘ novartis does not tolerate unethical behaviour by its associates in any country , and has a comprehensive compliance programme in place to help ensure that our associates comply with the company’s code of conduct and all applicable laws . ‘ novartis strongly believes that patients have the right to the highest standard of care and that this right should be defended to promote safety and quality . ’