joe root admitted pitches like the one in grenada make it easier to make centuries and harder to win games , as west indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four of the second test . regardless of the state of the wicket , root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session , his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark . but for the second match in a row england 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch that was arguably better for run-making than on day one . joe root hits another ball to the boundary on his way to an impressive big hundred in grenada . root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets . root 's efforts left the west indies with a 165-run deficit , but they cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps . speaking after the match , root lifted the lid on the tourists ' frustrations . ' these pitches are great for batters because we get big scores but as far as test cricket is concerned , it 's not ideal , ' he said . ' unfortunately , it 's a very unresponsive pitch and it 's been hard work . ' we all thought it might break up a little bit more and give a little bit more spin than it has done , but unfortunately it has n't happened . ' this is what we 've got to deal with , and we 've just got to get on the best we can . ' stuart broad , who eventually took the wicket of darren bravo , found the going tough in grenada . ben stokes sees the ball disappear to the boundary once again as england struggled on day four . in all likelihood , the destiny of the game will be decided in the morning . england are five overs away from a new ball - which has been the only bankable way of making things happen - and must make it count with a cluster of wickets to set themselves for success . ' we 're going to need a very good first hour in the morning , ' he said . ' with the new ball we 'll need a couple of early wickets and you never know . they 're only 40 ahead , so if it 's bang bang in the morning we 've got a game on our hands . ' that would definitely give us the best chance of winning the game on a very flat wicket . ' our only chance is wickets with the new ball , whether it be with seam or spin , that 's the way it looks at the moment , but you never know . ' root admitted that england need early wickets with the new ball , just as james anderson achieved on day four . west indies go in to the final morning with kraigg brathwaite on 101 not out having compiled a dogged fourth test ton and england 's tormentor-in-chief marlon samuels alongside . samuels , who memorably saluted ben stokes after his dismissal on the third evening , was not sledged when he arrived at the crease but root had no guarantees that would continue . ' everyone was very well behaved tonight , there was no-one speaking up , ' he added . ' we 'll see how tomorrow goes . concentration might come into it , and maybe a bit of banter could spice things up a bit . ' 