rory mcilroy 's powers of persuasion have resulted in us open champion martin kaymer , former world number one luke donald and american ryder cup star patrick reed confirming their participation in the dubai duty free irish open . mcilroy 's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may 28-31 and the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field , who will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million , an increase of 25 per cent from last year . reed let the cat out of the bag on the final day of the masters at augusta national , also revealing he would compete in the bmw pga championship at wentworth the week before . rory mcilroy managed to persuade some of golf 's biggest stars to take part in the dubai duty free irish open . but the addition of kaymer and donald means the tournament will feature five players who have been world number one - mcilroy , donald , kaymer , ernie els and lee westwood - and eight major champions in mcilroy , els , kaymer , darren clarke , padraig harrington , graeme mcdowell , paul lawrie and jose maria olazabal . ryder cup captain clarke said : ' rory has pulled in a lot of favours and it 's a testament to the high esteem rory is held that it 's going to be the strongest field for a long time . ' it 's a huge positive for the european tour to have such a tournament on one of the best golf courses in the world . ' i have always wanted to win the irish open but have not managed to play well in it that often . hopefully being back at royal county down i will have a decent week this year . ' luke donald is one star who mcilroy managed to persuade to take part in his foundations tournament . donald , who last played in the irish open in 2004 , said : ' my performances and results have been getting better and better recently and i am feeling very positive about a huge summer of golf ahead . ' the irish open will be a big part of that and i am looking forward to playing royal county down and some really ' old school ' links golf - i think the links golf factor will add a lot to the event and it 's looking like it 's going to be a great week . ' kaymer added : ' there is definitely a good feeling about this year 's irish open and i think rory has done a great job to get such a great field for the event and to create a really nice atmosphere about the tournament . ' the nature of the course means that spectator numbers will be limited to 20,000 a day , although 5,000 grandstand seats will be erected . us open champion martin kaymer will hope to improve on his masters performance at the dubai duty open .