a video of a menacing crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online . the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico , with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth . new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened and described how ' the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' . mr weston told daily mail australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner . scroll down for video . the large croc proudly held on to its catch for hours as it lurked around the puerto vallarta marina , in mexico . ' there 's a sanctuary for these crocodiles up the river ( 200m away ) which runs out to the sea and the marina , ' mr weston explained . ' the dog went to the water 's edge to see the crocodile ( being curious i guess ) but things did n't go according to plan obviously . ' it was certainly a shock to the system . guess that 's nature though , ' he said . in the video the beast glides through the water , with rocks on one side and a footpath on the other , as crowds gasp in amazement . new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . tourist tim weston took a photo of the crocodile with the dog between its jaws . a video of the crocodile swimming through the marina with the bike shop owner 's dog has been viewed more than 500,000 times . mr weston said : ' a couple of hours later we walked back past and there was still a crowd ... but we did n't want to look at it again as we had just eaten . yesterday morning there was no sign of either . ' social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the bogged facebook page . one woman called the video ' horrible ' and another said ' i hate crocodiles now ' . but crocodiles are a common site in puerto vallarta as the mexican beach resort is built amongst the mangroves that the creatures have called home for centuries . as well as living in the nearby sanctuary , crocs are regularly spotted on the resort 's golf course . in mexico the ' american crocodiles ' can reach lengths of 6 meters and as a result of urbanisation are living closer to humans than ever before . one social media user called the video ' horrible ' and another said ' i hate crocodiles now ' . 