car-congested cities could become a thing of the past , provided people are prepared to ride-share with a robot driver . a new study claims these ' taxibots ' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent . the finding comes amid reports that companies such as google and uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis . scroll down for video . car-congested cities could become a thing of the past , provided people are prepared to ride-share with a robot driver . pictured is an interior view of a google self-driving car showing the video and the data the car uses to ' see ' the road . google is believed to be working on technology for self-driving cabs , but has n't revealed details . the study , by paris-based organisation for economic cooperation and development used data from lisbon in portugal . by plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic . even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent . the authors said replacing personal cars with self-driving cabs would also free valuable real estate currently used for public parking - equivalent to over 200 football pitches in lisbon’s case . major technology firms are already banking on self-driving taxis to be the future of transportation . even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent . in this image is one google 's autonomous vehicles pictured with google chairman eric schmidt ( left ) and us transportation secretary anthony foxx ( right ) . last year , for instance , ride-sharing service uber said it could replace all of its drivers with autonomous vehicles . ceo travis kalanick admitted the technology would keep costs down , and these savings could then be passed on to its customers . corey clothier , who is co-ordinating the trials told dailymail.com that an accident involved a driverless car is inevitable - although he added none have taken place in his pilots . ' systems will fail , people 's judgements will fail , ' he said . ' if someone jumps out from a blind spot from a vehicle , if it ca n't stop , it ca n't stop . ' a recent report by the institution of engineering and technology highlighted research that showed human drivers change their behaviour when using the same roads as autonomous cars . motorists were found to copy the driving style of the computer controlled cars by leaving less space between them and the vehicle in front , but were less able to react quickly . however , many experts say that driverless cars could actually reduce the risk of accidents as computers are able to react a lot faster than humans . google has also been teaching its vehicles to drive more safely by giving them instructions on ' defensive driving ' styles . they have also been experimenting with teaching the vehicles ' body language ' to communicate with other drivers what its intentions are . speaking at the code conference in california , kalanick said : ‘ the reason uber could be expensive is because you 're not just paying for the car - you 're paying for the other dude in the car . ‘ when there 's no other dude in the car , the cost of taking an uber anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle . ’ google was an early backer of the san francisco-based firm , investing $ 258 million ( £170 million ) in the controversial ride-sharing service through its venture capital arm in august 2013 . but last month unnamed source told bloomberg that google is preparing to offer its own taxi service , and it was likely to use its driverless cars . the report said that google had told uber 's board of this possibility , and executives had seen screenshots of what appears to be a google ride-sharing app , currently being used by employees . while driverless taxis are still some way off from becoming a reality , a separate report last month found they could soon find their way into our airports and campuses . ten us cities will roll out automated vehicle pilot projects this year , with the first being unveiled in tampa bay , florida in the spring . meanwhile , trials will launch in another 12 to 20 us locations by the end of next year , which means driverless cars could be on the roads in up to 30 us cities by 2017 . as well as the us , the uk will also be trialing the vehicles in greenwich as part of the $ 9 million project called gateway , shuttling people to the o2 arena . the finding comes amid reports that companies such as google and uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis . some will be on the roads where it 's legal , ' corey clothier , a strategist comet llc , who is running the trials told dailymail.com . passengers can set their destination on some of the vehicles by typing it into a map or using commands . a combination of radar , lasers gives the car a 360-degree ' view ' , with sensors linked to computer software able to ' see ' and identify people , cars , road signs and markings and traffic lights . ' it 's interesting to see people 's reactions ' , said clothier . ' very few are nervous , or noticeably nervous . ' we 've had interesting reactions from non-riders too . we were in the silicon valley and we had hundreds of people step in front of the vehicle to see what would happen . ' ' the vehicles stopped . we 've never had an accident . ' major technology firms are already banking on self-driving taxis to be the future of transportation . pictured is an illustration of how a map within a driverless cab would identify a cars lane position in relation to the rest of the road network .