two soldiers , one a buckingham palace guard , walked free from court yesterday despite inflicting a shocking beating on a helpless civilian . during the drunken attack , which was caught on cctv , scots guard shaun smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on his victim’s head . his fellow soldier , welsh guard jason collins , 22 , rained blows with his fists on to the man’s body . scroll down for video . cctv cameras captured the horrifying attack last april in which soldiers shaun smith ( left , in black jeans ) and jason collins ( right , bending over ) , kicked and punched two men repeatedly near their barracks . collins , 22 , ( right ) has been stationed at buckingham palace since the attack . smith ( left ) , was described as an ' angel ' in court by his officer . the soldiers were expected to be jailed for the ‘ deeply unpleasant and inexcusable’ assault . but yesterday a judge at teesside crown court made what even he admitted was an ‘extraordinary’ decision to let the men walk free . judge james hill , qc , said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the army was keen to keep them . ‘ i state in open court that what i have done is entirely exceptional , ’ he said . ‘ i can’t say what the army will do but i simply express the hope , as your commanding officers have expressed , that the army feels able to keep you . ’ the furious victim james wormald – who was left with the imprint of smith’s shoe on his forehead – said it was wrong that the pair had got off so lightly and that there was no excuse for what had happened . ‘ there was absolutely no reason for the attack , ’ he said . ‘ to stamp on someone that many times and get away with only being sentenced for actual bodily harm is wrong . with one of their victims motionless on the ground the pair begin to chase the second across the main road near their barracks at catterick garrison in north yorkshire . reaching for his neck , collins tries to grab the man before the pair chase him round a tree and back onto the road . after dragging the man onto the ground collins is seen raising his fists and punching him repeatedly in the face . the pair earlier claimed they had been followed out of a nightclub by the victims who threatened to stab them . a judge rejected their version of events , saying the man seen in the footage ( above ) posed ' no threat ' when they were beating him . ‘ i don’t know how i escaped that without really serious injuries , the force they used could have killed me and i really expected them to go to jail for it . ’ both men were cleared by a jury of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm . smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work . collins was given a 12-month community order , and both men were each told to pay £1,000 compensation . the maximum penalty for a single count of occasioning actual bodily harm is five years imprisonment according to the crown prosecution service 's sentencing guidelines . with both smith and collins found guilty of two counts each , the soldiers could have faced sentences of ten years . instead they both walked free from court in what even the judge in the case described as ' exceptional ' . in the most lenient circumstances a sentence of one year in custody is advised . smith was given a 12 month sentence suspended , while collins received a 12-month community order . the pair launched the vicious attack after a night’s heavy drinking near catterick garrison in north yorkshire last april . they matched each other drink for drink in bars and each downed six beers and 15 shots . they encountered local men mr wormald , 25 , and his friend mark thompson after leaving a bar at 3.30am and there was an exchange of words . collins and smith claimed the two men had threatened to stab them – a claim strongly denied by mr wormald , a chef . the court was shown video of collins knocking mr thompson out cold with a single punch before he and smith set upon mr wormald . their victim runs across a road , trips and falls . smith , who has a hood covering his face , can be seen bringing his foot down over and over on his victim’s head while collins relentlessly pummels mr wormald’s body . the pair then ran off and hid in a stream , but were caught by the police . mr wormald had severe bruising to his face . collins is highly regarded by the welsh guards and has been entrusted to stand guard at both buckingham palace and st james’s palace since the incident . he is likely to keep his job . scots guard smith was also of previous good character . richard herrmann , defending him , said : ‘ but for that night this man is an angel , but on that night he was a devil . ’ captain james dyson said smith had ‘ picked himself up’ since and ‘ is proving to be one of the best performing people in his platoon’ . outside court detective constable andy palmer said : ‘ this is the most violent piece of cctv footage i have seen in ten years as a police officer and it is extremely fortunate the victims were not more seriously injured . this case highlights the horrors of alcohol-fuelled violence . ’