a woman 's missing wedding ring has turned up after four months - in the family dog 's excrement . nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking . nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it . ' she picks them up , and carries things around – hair clips , rocks , hair ties . she’s always spitting them out , ' balovich told the daily sitka sentinel . ' my husband was always saying , put them away , put them upstairs – you’re going to lose them . ' finally , almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three , based in sitka , alaska , saw a post on a facebook sales site . it said : ' found ! beautiful wedding type band . if u have lost a ring , no matter where , call and describe ! found in an unusual place . ' balovich told the sentinel she had a gut feeling it could be hers - and what the ' unusual place ' might refer to . ' i gave up , i thought it was long gone , ' she told the newspaper . ' we take the dog everywhere with us , on hikes , on the boat – what were the chances we were going to find it ? 'it’s been so long , but i had a gut feeling . i thought i’ll call , why not ? ' half a year after it vanished , she saw a facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an ' unusual place ' . she contacted the user , bob potrzuski , who said he had found it while picking up dog feces in a field . she contacted the facebook user , bob potrzuski , and sure enough it was hers . turns out , his wife found the ring while picking up dog poop at a local ball field , where balovich had recently volunteered - with halli . she collected the ring on thursday . ' i feel very lucky , ' she said . 'it’s been on my hands ever since – my hand was feeling naked without it . '