it 's the hallowed turf where the modern day game of rugby was born when one of its pupils picked up a football and ran with it in the early 19th century . rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy called william who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823 . today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ' muscular christianity ' led by its most famous headmaster , dr thomas arnold who is credited with transforming rugby school 's values in an effort to build pupils ' characters . here is modern-day portrait of a historic british institution , by photographer neil hall . the inspiration : a statue at rugby school depicting the moment pupil william webb ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a match in 1823 , in an action said to be the beginning of the modern game of rugby after pupils wrote their own set of rules . in the shadow of history : a school plaque marks webb ellis ' run , calling his decision to pick up the ball ' a fine disregard for the rules ' . service : pupils attend chapel at the historic independent school , where team sport has been played for hundreds of years . still thriving : a pupil catches a line-out throw supported by fellow players on the fields of rugby school where the sport is still played . practice makes perfect : a young player shapes to pass during a training session at the warwickshire institution . proud history : older pupils share a meal in a boarding house , in sight of the achievements of their predecessors including cups and caps . artefacts : an early rugby ball dating from 1850 , left , and a cap worn by a pupil on his presentation to queen adelaide in 1839 . historic : a printed book of rules for the game of rugby , left , which was carried on the pitch by players and a cap embroidered with names of opponents and dates of matches . both items are displayed at the school , which is a tourist attraction for rugby fans . making their mark : desktops containing the names of hundreds of former pupils are also exhibited at rugby school . order among the chaos : the first handwritten rules of the game of rugby , dated august 28 , 1845 , are viewable at the school 's museum . father of rugby school : the chapel grave of dr thomas arnold , the headmaster who transformed the school 's values and is credited with the ' muscular christianity ' ideal of the victorian era . former pupil : britain 's first prime minister of wwii , neville chamberlain , attended rugby . he was succeeded in office by winston churchill . rich tradition : pupils at the school walk to lessons . it can cost families of those who board there more than £31,000 a year .