caller id as we know it could be getting a revamp . facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book . it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . scroll down for video . facebook has launched a new app called hello ( pictured ) designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book . it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us . it is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful . ' billions of calls are made everyday on mobile phones and people often have very little information about who’s calling them , ' explained facebook 's product manager andrea vaccari in a blog post . facebook has tweaked its news feed setting to make posts from friends more prominent . the rules about seeing multiple posts from the same person in a row have been relaxed to show more from friends . content posted directly by friends who people interact with more or have a direct relationship with will now appear higher up in news feed so they are less likely to miss it . the latest update will also make posts and pages that friends have liked and commented on appear lower down . facebook said : ' the goal of news feed is to show you the content that matters to you . ' this means we need to give you the right mix of updates from friends and businesses . ' this balance is different for everyone [ and ] as more people and pages are sharing more content , we need to keep improving news feed to get this balance right . ' ' today we are starting to test hello , a new app built by the messenger team . ' hello connects with facebook so you can see who’s calling , block unwanted calls and search for people and places . ' when a user receives a call , hello shows them info about who’s calling , even if they don’t have that number saved . users will only see information that people have already shared on facebook , and not everyone links their mobile number to their account so this could be the app 's downfall . callers must also have a facebook account in order for the data to be shared but they do n't necessarily have to be logged in at the time of the call . they also do n't need to have hello installed , either . another feature of hello includes making it easier to block unwanted calls . from the settings menu in hello people can block specific numbers and adjust whether they want to automatically block calls from commonly blocked numbers . this is useful for blocking company phone numbers or spam callers , for example , and blocked calls go straight to voicemail . when a user receives a call hello shows them info about who’s calling , even if they don’t have that number saved ( pictured left ) . hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users ( pictured right ) in the app 's settings menu . the list of blocked calls can also be reviewed in the recent calls list . if a call is made and the number is n't linked to a facebook account , hello simply shows the number like a traditional caller id . however , if other users have blocked this number the number of times it has been blocked is also shown . elsewhere , when users search for people and businesses on facebook they can call them with one tap when hello is installed . and in the case of searching for businesses , hello will also show opening hours and web addresses where possible , on the user 's screen .