a pair of twins who play together on the court in the nba are being investigated for teaming up to assault their former mentor in arizona after he sent ' inappropriate ' text messages to their mother . identical twins marcus and markieff morris , who both play forward for the phoenix suns , are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january . phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game . scroll down for video . markieff morris ( no . 11 , left ) and marcus morris ( no 15 , right ) are forwards for the phoenix suns in the nba . marcus ( left ) and markieff ( right ) with mother thomasine morris while they were attending kansas university . the morris twins are being investigated for allegedly assaulting erik hood at 7:30pm on saturday , january 24 . no charges have been filed and no arrests have been made , but a maricopa county attorney 's office spokesman confirmed prosecutors are continuing to review the case submitted by police , the arizona republic reported . the alleged assault happened around 7:30pm on saturday , january 24 , outside the central phoenix gym , according to cbs5-tv . hood , 36 , told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a ' falling out ' . he told police he sent a text telling the twins ' mother , thomasine morris , he 'd ' always be there for her ' and that another friend , julius kane , 25 , saw the message and concluded their relationship was sexual in nature . the twins , 25 , who are basically inseparable at all times , prefer to be called team foe ( family over everything ) . hood told police he sent a text telling the twins ' mother , thomasine ( pictured ) he would ' always be there for her ' . the former basketball player showed police photographs of himself with the twins . in addition to the twins , who like to be called team foe ( family over everything ) , hood also said kane helped carry out the assault against him . during the reported confrontation , hood told police he was held down , punched in the head , kicked and then beaten to the point of unconsciousness after he was able to briefly escape . following the assault , witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a rolls-royce phantom . the twin brothers both declined to comment after phoenix lost to the atlanta hawks on tuesday night . after the assault , witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a rolls-royce phantom ( example pictured ) . police say five suspects assaulted hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex ( pictured ) . the morris twins previously denied assaulting hood . hood ended up with abrasions , a large knot on his head and a broken nose . the woman he was with corroborated his story and also identified the twins and kane . the morris twins have denied assaulting hood , but markieff did admit being at the game because he sponsors one of the teams with marcus . they both declined to comment after their loss to the atlanta hawks on tuesday night . markieff and marcus live together , have the same tattoos , the same agent and recently signed a four-year extension worth $ 52million which they were allowed to divvy up however they wanted , rolling stone reported . ( markieff is now getting $ 8million a year and marcus is getting $ 5million . ) marcus , who is younger by seven minutes , said : ' we 've been like this since we were young . ' we 've always been doing everything together . ' whether it 's kickball , baseball , whatever – we 've always been together . ' before the nba , the twins attended kansas university where they both majored in american studies and took every single class together .