a father who is paralysed from the waist down has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up her job and goes on benefits . mike hand from haydock in merseyside became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord . the 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen 's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation . mike hand pictured with his wife kate , who has been told he can only have a disability grant to adapt his home if his wife gives up work . mr hand , left , has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine . he now says he needs to make adaptations to his home in haydock , merseyside , right . but after he and his wife kate , who have an eight-year-old daughter called mia , tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs , they were told they were n't eligible . the couple were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ' virtually nothing ' to receive the grant . mrs hand , a credit manager for a tool hire firm who earns between £25,000 and £35,000 , said : ' it 's crazy . i understand that benefits need to be means tested and i agree with that . ' but it 's not as if we are after ongoing weekly benefits - just funding to help us create a safe and comfortable home for my husband , who has suffered massively through no fault of his own . mr hand and his wife were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ' virtually nothing ' to receive the grant . ' if i gave up work we could claim for everything and would be entitled to everything , but because i work and would like to continue to work , we get no help . ' we 're having to rely on my salary alone to support two adults and a child . at the end of the month there 's nothing left . ' it 's a classic example of the system working against the worker . they 're almost forcing us to stop working and claim off the state . ' the couple are wanting to adapt their home to incorporate a downstairs bedroom and bathroom . but they say because they are unable to do this , it is placing a strain on the family . mrs hand added : ' we live in a normal semi-detached house . we do n't have a bathroom or bedroom downstairs and my husband will be expected to spend all of his time in the family living room with very little dignity or privacy . ' mr hand , a former construction worker , became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot a tumour in his spinal column , despite him regularly visiting his gp at haydock medical centre complaining of pain . he was referred to hospital for a cat scan when only an mri scan would have picked up the growth , caused by a build up of spinal fluid , which stretched half the length of his spine . eventually the tumour was detected after he was finally sent for an mri scan in july 2014 , when complaining that while running he felt as though he could n't lift his feet off the ground . he then underwent a 10-hour operation to remove the tumour as surgeons described his diagnosis as a ' ticking time bomb ' . but due to existing nerve damage and the trauma of the operation , he has been left paralysed from the waist down with doctors unable to say if he will ever walk again . mr and mrs hand on their wedding day . mr hand became wheelchair bound after doctors failed to spot a tumour in his spinal column , despite him regularly visiting his gp complaining of pain . his tumour was detected after he was finally sent for an mri scan in july 2014 , after complaining that while running he could n't lift his feet off the ground . a st helens council spokesman said : ' the council is bound by government means test guidelines , which unfortunately put mr and mrs hand 's income above the threshold at which they would qualify for assistance . ' having said that , we want to help - and are exploring other ways of supporting the family , including the possibility of direct payments to assist mr hand at home . ' we look forward to discussing these options with them . ' meanwhile a haydock medical centre spokeswoman added : ' we would like to offer our sincere sympathies to the patient at this difficult time . ' it would be inappropriate for us to comment further due to patient confidentiality , however we want to assure patients that we always aim to provide the best possible care . '