it was an idea that was never in danger of being poo-pooed . a game of thrones ‘super-fan’ had a fully functional toilet built for him that’s an almost-identical replica of the iron throne that features in the hit tv show . while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror , the first of the targaryen kings , the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds . scroll down for video . a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers . the super fan builds team , led by master designer tim baker ( pictured ) , used jigsaws , grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect . work in progress : baker and his team pictured assembling their toilet iron throne . baker gives viewers an update on progress . it took several days for the loo to be completed . once finished it was presented to self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi and installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in glendale , california . the show , hosted by actress trisha hershberger , specialises in building one-of-a-kind items for super-fans of comics , movies and games , according to its youtube description , and in this instance the commission was requested by giovanazzi’s friend chloe dykstra . she told the show : ‘he’s [ giovanazzi ] a huge game of thrones fan . he loves everything game of thrones . he’s read all the books and marathoned the tv shows . he owns a bar called complex , which is known for its nerd events . he’s thrown a bunch of game of throne-themed parties . the recipient was self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi , who is pictured on his new loo at his bar in glendale , california . actor sean bean as lord eddard stark in game of thrones . ‘ he even has game of thrones beer on tap . you guys have to do something . something epic . maybe an iron throne as a toilet . ’ the super fan builds team , led by master designer tim baker , got to work using jigsaws , grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect . the result drew an appreciative ‘wow’ from giovanazzi . the creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens . the creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens . pictured is emilia clarke in episode seven of season four . 