one of hollywood’s most respected prs claimed that the oscars judges did not want to give 12 years a slave the best picture award because it was not patriotic enough to america . according to hacked sony emails , peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light . she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ‘ sent around the world’ . the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years . scroll down for video . controversial : a hacked sony email revealed respected hollywood pr peggy siegal believed the oscar voting panel did not want 12 years a slave to win because it was not patriotic enough towards america and were concerned a victory for british director steve mcqueen ( right ) would paint the us in a bad light . the details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the wikileaks website after hackers stole them from sony pictures entertainment , the company’s movie division , last november . the database is the first time the information has been made available in one place in a searchable format . wikileaks founder julian assange said that the documents ‘ show the inner workings of an influential multinational corporation’ and should be in the public domain . but sony reacted with fury and a spokesman said that the company wanted to ‘ strongly condemn’ assange’s actions . the email from siegal , who has been called the most powerful pr on the east coast of america , was sent to former sony pictures entertainment chair amy pascal in october 2013 . global perception she wrote in the email : ' this film is made by a brit that exposes the darkest `` hidden history '' of america , exposing a cruel and brutal segment of our white society . ' she added the plantation owners are as ' terrible as the nazis ' . she wrote : ‘ the academy consists of approximately 6,000 white 60-year-old men who are educated , experienced filmmakers who take their voting power seriously . ‘ they are all fiercely patriotic and very aware of our day by day international standing politically and culturally . ‘ this film is made by a brit that exposes the darkest `` hidden history '' of america , exposing a cruel and brutal segment of our white society . these plantation owners are as terrible as the nazis , who are the only `` acceptable '' cinematic villains . ‘ as powerful as brad pitt is as a producer/spokesman , he will not over expose himself in the states . ’ she added that the academy’s experience of watching the film was ‘ not pleasant’ and that some might fast forward or turn it off because of the violence . she wrote : ‘ many others who have seen it tout the brilliant filmmaking but are a bit embarrassed by the story and more importantly did not `` enjoy '' watching it . ‘ my point is ... . is this the story american cultural bell ringers want to send around the world as the `` best story '' in the best picture ? ’ two members of the voting panel later admitted to not watching 12 years a slave , giving some credence to the claims . but in another twist , by january last year siegal had changed her tune and organised a lunch for the film , photos of which are still on her website . she was also wrong about the film and 12 years a slave did win the best picture oscar . the tranche of emails were stolen last year by group calling itself guardians of peace , though it later emerged that it was the work of north korea in response to the release of the sony film : ‘ the interview’ , a parody about the secretive communist nation . when north korea threatened to carry out further attacks at screenings sony cancelled the opening but changed its mind after pressure from the white house . she said that mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ‘ sent around the world’ . the details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the wikileaks website after hackers stole them from sony pictures entertainment . the film eventually came out on limited release in december and on the internet at the same time . but by then the damage to sony’s reputation was already done . among the new revelations is that there will be a hollywood movie of dr who - but not for a few years . an email sent in january last year from andrea wong , president of international production for sony , to the company’s chief executive michael lynton explains the plans . wong writes that she has spoken to danny cohen , the director of bbc television and that negotiations are underway . the email says : ‘ he said that while there has been tremendous interest ( and pressure from bbcww ) ( bbc worldwide ) to do a dr who film , the show runners feel very clear that they don’t want to do one at this moment . ‘ that said , over the course of the coming months , the show running team is coming up with an 8 year timeline for the brand – laying out all that will happen with it . ‘ he says that a film will certainly be a part of that timeline . ‘ so the answer is that a film won’t happen in the next year to 18 months , but it is expected that it will happen after that within the 8 year horizon . ’ pascal has already been fired by sony and is due to formally leave the company next month to set up her own production company . she has apologised over the affair and in a statement said that the emails were ‘ insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who i am’ . among the revelations previously made public was that pascal called leonardo dicaprio ‘despicable’ after he refused to star in a steve jobs biopic . renowned hollywood producer scott rudin complained about angelina jolie’s ‘ insanity and rampaging ego’ and called her a ‘ minimally talented spoiled brat’ . there were also racially insensitive emails between pascal and rudin joking that president obama’s favorite films are black-themed movies like django unchained and 12 years a slave . victorious : the film went on to win the award in 2014 . the cast is pictured behind mcqueen as he makes his speech . discussing an upcoming fundraiser for the president , rudin wrote : “ would he like to finance some movies ? ’ pascal wrote back : ‘ i doubt it . should i ask him if he liked django ? ’ it also emerged that jennifer lawrence got paid less than her male co-stars in american hustle . an early script for the forthcoming james bond film was made public too along with celebrities’ personal information including social security numbers . the sony statement said : ‘ the cyber-attack on sony pictures was a malicious criminal act , and we strongly condemn the indexing of stolen employee and other private and privileged information on wikileaks . ‘ the attackers used the dissemination of stolen information to try to harm sony pictures entertainment and its employees , and now wikileaks regrettably is assisting them in that effort . ‘ we vehemently disagree with wikileaks’ assertion that this material belongs in the public domain and will continue to fight for the safety , security , and privacy of our company and its more than 6,000 employees’ . 