a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass . fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely . it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy , worsened because obama had been caught up in washington d.c . jessica brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , zakk satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic , they were n't going to make it . their baby was coming . dramatic arrival into the world : baby arley was born on the i-65 in louisville , kentucky , on tuesday , after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the presidential motorcade . motorcade : obama gets a green-light corridor when his motorcade travels , and the motorcade is usually comprised of about 20 cars . he was visiting louisville to tour a technology plant . emergency : tonia vetter ( right ) , a high-risk nurse and mother of five , was sitting in the traffic a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead ( left ) and went to check it out . safe and sound : baby arley and his mom , jessica brown , are now both in hospital after the dramatic delivery . tonia vetter , a high-risk nursery nurse , was sitting in her car listening to music , when she realized something was happening up ahead . ' you could tell something was wrong , ' she told wdrb news . ' i was n't quite sure what is was . ' vetter , a mother of five , approached the car jessica brown was in , and her husband said she was in labor . they had called an ambulance , but it could n't get through . vetter introduced herself as a nurse and attended to brown . ' it actually happened very , very quickly , ' she said . ' i think she pushed one time and the head delivered , and then she pushed again and the baby was born . ' lucky : fortunately for little arley , there was a nurse nearby to help bring him into the world . happy parents : jessica brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , zakk satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic waiting for obama to pass , they were n't going to make it . baby arlie arrived weighing 8 pounds , 9 ounces . other drivers at the scene also helped , with one handing over a shoestring to cut the umbilical , and the other a blanket to keep the baby warm . ' i 've attended a lot of deliveries , but i 've never delivered a baby on my own , and i 've certainly never delivered one in the middle of an interstate , ' vetter told wdrb . ' god was definitely watching over me , the baby , the mom , because she could have hemorrhaged . ' the facebook post also says the baby 's name is arley keith satterly , son of jessica brown and zakk satterley . both mother and the baby boy are doing well . resting up : an ambulance finally got through the traffic and was able to take arley and his mom to hospital . vetter continued : ' the baby could of had a cord or a shoulder or any number of complications could of happened . ' the new parents happily shared photos of their facebook so all those who witnessed the dramatic birth could stay abreast of what was happening . the little boy 's full name is arley keith satterly . both mom and baby are doing well . 