james hook claims it will be ' a bonus ' if wales come calling for his services ahead of this year 's world cup . the gloucester fly-half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in friday night 's european challenge cup final against edinburgh . but although 29-year-old hook has won 77 test caps , he can reflect on just two starts for wales - against the barbarians and tonga - since the last world cup in 2011 . james hook will hope to showcase his ability in the european challenge cup final against edinburgh on friday . the gloucester fly-half has n't given up on earning a wales recall ahead of this summer 's world cup . given hook 's quality at fly-half , centre and full-back , it is baffling to the layman that wales head coach warren gatland can not find room for him in his matchday 23 or wider squads . gareth anscombe is being widely touted as wales ' likely world cup utility back , suggesting that even if hook makes a 45-man training squad to be announced in early june , gatland 's final 31-man cut could prove beyond him . asked about his wales ambitions , hook said : ' i always hope , but it is out of my hands . i have not had any contact or anything . ' it has probably helped me because i have focused on gloucester and not thought about wales . ' i do hope i get a shout from wales at some point , but it has not happened for a while and i am not expecting it . if it does happen , great , if not ... . ' hook , who made his wales debut almost nine years ago and has featured in two world cup campaigns , is philosophical about the current state of play . ' rob howley ( wales assistant coach ) spoke to me last autumn about straightening up and things like that , so i am trying to bring that into my game , ' hook added . ' but other than that , i am trying to focus on what i have got to do here ( at gloucester ) , rather than what they want me to do . hook says first and foremost he is focusing on what he needs to do with club side gloucester . ' wales play direct , and i would like to think i could fit into that if needed . i am more of a heads-up player , but i can stick to a structure if needed . ' in the past , you think a lot about the world cup as it comes up , but not being in the squad has helped me take my focus off it and i am just enjoying my time with gloucester and not thinking about wales , in a way . ' i have taken the pressure off myself . i am not expecting anything to happen , and if it did , it would be a bonus . ' it is the first time in my career that has happened , which is frustrating because you want to be in there , but you get over it and focus on what you have to do . at 29 , i should be in my prime , but that is the way it goes . ' top of hook 's immediate agenda will be to help gloucester in their quest for european silverware , and that prospect is in stark contrast to his emotions 12 months ago with french club perpignan . it is almost a year to the day since perpignan were relegated from the top 14 - the first time in their 103-year history they had suffered such an ignominy - and hook was to sign for gloucester just a month later . the 29-year-old says it was tough at perpignan when the french side were relegated from the top 14 last year . ' it was difficult then for perpignan , and it is nice to be here with the chance to win something , ' he said . ' it is a chance to go from relegation to a european final . ' it was disappointing how it ended in france , but this is a new challenge and we have been building throughout the season . ' i am improving game on game . maybe i am a bit wiser now , and the more games i get at 10 , the better i will become . ' david humphreys ( gloucester rugby director ) has given me that opportunity at fly-half , even when it was not going so well at the beginning of the season . ' he stuck with me , where other coaches may have shuffled me around a bit . i appreciate that , and i am trying to repay him with my performances . ' he has given me licence to bring my qualities into play , whether it is making a break or playing what i see . you have to play within the structure , and it is making the right decisions at the right time . ' 