pep guardiola will be reunited with barcelona after his bayern munich were paired with the catalan giants in the champions league semi-finals . the manager is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . real madrid face juventus in the the other semi-final . the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week . pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp as bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league . the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday morning . the semi-final draw had all the usual anticipation and build-up that comes with uefa 's ceremonies . juventus ambassador pavel nedved shakes hand with real madrid 's ambassador emilio butragueno . luis suarez , lionel messi and gerard pique are all smiles in barcelona training on friday morning . messi and fellow forward neymar took part in barcelona 's training session at joan gamper sports city . but it is the match-up between guardiola and the club where he made his name that throws up the most exciting prospect . bayern side swept porto aside this week , hammering them 6-1 after suffering a surprise defeat in the first leg . barcelona , meanwhile , were relentless in their pursuit of a last-four place , beating zlatan ibrahimovic 's paris saint-germain comfortably . carlo ancelotti 's real madrid side secured their place in the last four by sneaking past city rivals atletico madrid on tuesday , thanks to javier hernandez 's last-gasp decider . barcelona manager luis enrique will be going up against their former boss guardiola in the last four . spanish giants barcelona were the first team out of the pot on friday , closely followed by bayern munich . juventus were the third team to be drawn , and they will play real madrid in the semi-finals . that saw real through to the semi-finals for a fifth year in a row , although juventus will look to halt their quest to become the first side to retain the champions league . the ' old lady ' have the best record of all the semi-finalists , having progressed to the final on seven of their 10 appearances at this juncture . this is the first time juventus have made the last-four of uefa 's flagship club competition since 2003 , when a pavel nedved-inspired side won the second leg against real 3-1 - 4-3 on aggregate - overturning a 2-1 first-leg deficit .  overall in europe : barcelona wins - 1 . draws - 2 . bayern munich wins - 5 . champions league only : barcelona wins - 1 . draws - 1 . bayern munich wins - 4 .  overall in europe : juventus wins - 7 . draws - 1 . real madrid wins - 8 . champions league only : juventus wins - 5 . draws - 1 . real madrid wins - 5 . barcelona 's strikeforce of suarez , neymar and messi celebrate during the last-eight win over psg . javier hernandez scored a last-gasp winner for real madrid against atletico to put them into the semi-final . top scorer thomas muller netted this week as bayern munich hammered porto at the allianz arena . carlos tevez and juventus squeezed past ligue 1 's monaco during a tense quarter-final . manager : carlo ancelotti . top scorer : cristiano ronaldo ( 8 ) . last semi-final appearance : 2013/14 ( 5-0 bayern munich ) . odds : 2/1 . manager : massimiliano allegri . top scorer : carlos tevez ( 6 ) . last semi-final appearance : 2002/03 ( 4-3 v real madrid ) . odds : 8/1 . manager : luis enrique . top scorer : lionel messi ( 9 ) . last semi-final appearance : 2012/13 ( 0-7 bayern munich ) . odds : 13/8 . manager : pep guardiola . top scorer : thomas muller ( 6 ) . last semi-final appearance : 2013/14 ( 0-5 real madrid ) . odds : 2/1 . friday 's draw at uefa 's headquarters in nyon leaves open the possibility of a first ever barcelona v real madrid final . barca reached the semi-finals for the seventh time in eight seasons by comfortably overcoming paris saint germain 5-1 on aggregate , extending the catalan club 's unbeaten run to a 13th game in the process . opponents bayern stormed into a fourth successive semi-final by overwhelming porto 6-1 in munich , making light work of their 3-1 first-leg loss in portugal . the first legs will be played on may 5 and 6 , with the return matches a week later .