this season is set to be one of celebration for chelsea as they close in on a premier league and a capital one cup double , but jose mourinho 's men have also be in party mood off-the-pitch too . blues quartet eden hazard , thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown marked the start of the thai new year in a novel way by showcasing their skills . accompanied with club mascot stamford the lion , the foursome poured water over each other while enjoying a game of kick-ups at their cobham training ground base . thibaut courtois , kurt zouma izzy brown and eden hazard ( left to right ) celebrate thai new year . chelsea quartet celebrated the songkran festival with the traditional activity of throwing water at each other . the blues foursome took part in the thai activity with a game of kick-ups at their cobham training base . the songkran festival , which started on monday and finishes on wednesday , is celebrated by thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other . this tradition is meant as a symbol of washing away all of their sins and the bad . and there was nothing bad on show from the chelsea quartet as they showed stamford the lion how it was done during their light-hearted game . as a consequence for failing to keep his head above water during the contest , the mascot took the brunt of the players ' shots as a forfeit at the end of the game . the quartet were joined by chelsea mascot stamford the lion during the light-hearted game . hazard ( front ) and co soak stamford the lion after he lost their kick-ups contest at cobham . it was the second time in a matter of days that brown was on the winning side after the 18-year-old captained chelsea 's under 19 side to uefa youth league final glory over shakhtar donetsk on monday in nyon . brown scored twice as the blues recorded a 3-2 over their ukrainian opponents before having the honour of lifting the lennart johansson trophy as chelsea followed in the footsteps of barcelona last year . ' it is an amazing achievement , we 've come so far since the first game against schalke , ' he told sportsmail after the match . ' there 's been lots of ups and downs through the tournament but we 've stuck together and now we 're european champions . we 've got so many creative players , so many people who can score goals . ' two-goal hero brown holds aloft the lennart johansson trophy as chelsea win the uefa youth team league . brown ( left ) scored twice as chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in monday 's final in nyon .