the body of a girl who vanished on her fifth birthday while playing at a texas marina has been found in the water nearby . fiona ' kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl ' after a brief moment ' , she was gone , police said . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl , khou reported . the girl 's father contacted police around 6pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier , the kemah police department said in a statement . scroll down for video . celebration : fiona ' kitty ' carroll had celebrated her fifth birthday on the day that she went missing , family members said . her body has been found in the water near to where she is believed to have fallen . last seen : she is pictured on the kemah boardwalk marina before she went missing on wednesday . authorities launched sea , land and air searches with the help of kemah , nassau bay , seabrook police and the u.s. coast guard . dive teams searched the water for more than seven hours on wednesday evening , while teams used sonar equipment to comb the water to try to locate the girl . on thursday morning , the kemah police announced that the girl 's body had been found in the water near the marina around 9am . ' we extend our sincerest sympathy for her mother , father and other family members , ' the police department said in a statement to dailymail.com . ' we would like to thank all the police , fire , federal agencies and texas equusearch that assisted us during this tragic incident . ' kemah police said they hope that surveillance video from boats on the marina could provide further information about exactly what happened . they have said they do not suspect foul play and an autopsy has been ordered . tragic : the little girl 's body is wheeled away from the scene after she was found on thursday morning . sadness : authorities stand at the site where the child 's body was found in kemah , texas on thursday . search : a helicopter , boats and divers searched for the girl on wednesday evening but turned up nothing . the family had been working on their boat ahead of a trip to the caribbean , kprc2 reported . a facebook post on a family member 's page said the little girl was ' bright , curious and friendly ' and said that she was comfortable around water . family members told khou that she had celebrated her birthday earlier that day . an image shows her celebrating her fifth birthday in a colorful crown and grinning beside a frozen-themed birthday cake . authorities had also released a photograph of her posing with her new bicycle , which she had been given for her birthday , on the boardwalk before she went missing on wednesday . kemah is 25 miles southeast of houston .