jimmy floyd hasselbaink may have steered burton albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager’s season is over . after guiding his side into league one for the first time in their history , the dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal . hasselbaink’s team beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday thanks to two goals from lucas akins , then the players heard that wycombe could only draw at wimbledon — and the brewers were up . burton albion 's ( l-r ) denny johnstone , tom naylor and jon mclaughlin celebrate league two promotion . burton albion 's manager jimmy floyd hasselbaink is happy to be promoted , but wants to finish on top . the burton albion players celebrate their win against morecambe which confirmed promotion . scott shearer sprays his team-mates in champagne as they celebrate their victory and promotion . but hasselbaink said : ‘ we want to be no 1 . i want the second target and that is winning the league . ‘ i want to stay there and the fans want to stay there as winners . ‘ so , we’re going to relax but then we’re going to train hard again and make sure that we are ready for northampton . ‘we’ve got two more games and we need to prepare the right way and try to be right . burton albion players celebrate with the fans after their victory against morecambe confirmed promotion . burton albion 's shearer and john mousinho celebrate promotion to league one with a bottle of bubbly . ‘ it has been a great season and the lads have handled it really well . we were always in control against morecambe and we created a lot of chances and apart from a spell at the start of the second half and a few minutes right at the end we were certainly on top . ’ hasselbaink also paid tribute to his predecessor gary rowett , adding : ‘ gary started the job here and must take a lot of credit for what the club has achieved . ‘ we have come in and made a few changes but the base was there and i’m delighted that we have been able to build on his success . ’