in the midst of the family 's fighting and different claims , bobby brown has made a bold move . according to a saturday report by nbc affiliate 11alive , the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate . this news comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed . scroll down for video . bold move : bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate according to a saturday report from nbc affiliate 11alive . bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for . the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 - so she could be provided with long term care . while over the weekend bobby claimed his daughter was awake , her maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified to people on monday that her granddaughter ' is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover . fight for her life : the 22-year-old was found unconscious on january 31 ( pictured in october 2012 ) . bobby , shocked fans on saturday by revealing that ' bobbi is awake , ' during a dallas concert last saturday . and on monday , the former new edition hitmaker released an official statement about his child writing : ' bobbi kristina 's condition has changed and there has been improvement . ' while bobby remains adamant his daughter is awake , his ex-wife 's 81-year-old mother has insisted her one time son-in-law is being far too optimistic , saying that even though bobbi is no longer in a coma , she is irreversibly brain damaged and said that only a miracle could save her . in a new statement , cissy said : ' i have just returned from visiting my granddaughter bobbi kristina in the hospital and while she is no longer in a medically induced coma , she has a tracheotomy and according to the doctors she has global and irreversible brain damage and remains unresponsive . family bonds : the 46-year-old singer recently claimed at his concert last saturday that his daughter - pictured together in an instagram from bobbi in june of last year - was ' awake ' . ' meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me . ' we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time . keep us in your prayers . ' a family source told tmz : ' they have no idea where bobby brown is getting his information that bobbi kristina is awake , not do they know why tina said she 's awake and no longer on life support . ' the other side : bobbi 's grandmother cissy houston ( pictured in june 2012 ) said that her granddaughter is not awake but is ' is no longer in a medically induced coma but has global and irreversible brain damage and remains unresponsive ' . sad update : ' meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me ' ( pictured in april 2013 ) . bobby 's lawyer christopher brown said in a statement : ' bobbi kristina’s condition has changed since moving from emory university hospital and there has been improvement . doctors have indicated that she will have a long life . ' however , bobbi kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come . we thank everyone that supports bobbi kristina and god is hearing our prayers . ' on monday , bobby 's second wife alicia etheredge-brown - who is currently pregnant with the couple 's second child - also released a statement about bobbi kristina . by her side : the 46-year-old singer and his second wife alicia etheredge-brown released official statements about bobbi kristina on monday ( pictured together leaving emory university hospital on february 6 ) . ' my husband made an attempt to correct the negative comments he must endure on a daily basis from both family and the public regarding his daughter’s medical condition . he is encouraged by the steps that bobbi kristina has made since her hospitalization on january 31 , 2015 . ' she has made it out of icu , opened her eyes , and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard . we will hold on to all the blessings god gives us to help her at this time and we look forward to her having a relationship with her unborn sister as our family grows in love and faith . ' adding : ' i just wish my husband could deal with this most painful and difficult time with people surrounding him who fully support and pray for bobbi kristina’s recovery and only her recovery . life is the most precious thing that we all have . ' ' my husband made an attempt to correct the negative comments ' : alicia - who is currently pregnant with the couple 's second child - tried to clarify bobby 's statements ( pictured april 16 ) . brown family : bobbi kristina 's aunt tina brown took to her facebook page echoing a similar statement of bobby 's on saturday , that has since been taken down . bobbi kristina 's aunt tina brown took to her facebook page echoing a similar statement of bobby 's on saturday , that has since been taken down . ' so many messages , sorry ca n't answer them all right now but i will get to them later..just allow me this time with my family , ,yes , she woke up and is no longer on life support ! ! ! ! ! : ) : ) god is good ! ! thanks for your prayers , ,still a process , but she is going to be ok ( sic ) . ' in march , the only daughter of whitney and bobby was moved from emory university hospital - where she stayed for two months - to a rehabilitation facility in atlanta . her legacy : bobbi kristina is the only child of the late icon who was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the beverly hilton hotel on february 11 , 2012 ( pictured just days before her death ) . in late february , her doctors attempted to take out of her medically induced coma but she began having violent seizures and was placed back on life support . bobbi kristina 's mother whitney was found face down and unresponsive in a bathtub at the beverly hilton hotel on february 11 , 2012 . autopsy concluded that the 48-year-old icon had accidentally drowned and listed heart disease and cocaine as contributors to her death . 