a father falsely accused of abusing his own children and drinking the blood of babies wept today as he described his ' horrific ' ordeal . actor ricky dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked of children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video . scotland yard investigated the ' baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner , who attacked them and fed them drugs . police are now hunting for ella draper and abraham christie , who may have fled abroad , and mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his children , who are eight and nine and currently in care . scroll down for video . heartbroken : ricky dearman sobbed today as he revealed he was falsely branded the leader of a london satanic cult who masterminded the trafficking of children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video . missing : a specialist police child abuse team is investigating ella draper ( pictured left ) and her partner abraham christie ( right ) after they forced her two children to lie about sexual abuse and ritual torture . mr dearman , who has appeared in films including the hitman and on the stage , told the bbc 's victoria derbyshire tv show : ' they 'd said we were killing babies , i was shipping them in , we would cut the babies ' throats and drain their blood and then would drink the blood . it 's just horrific upon horrific detail . draper was in the middle of a battle with the children 's father ricky dearman ( pictured ) over access arrangements when she accused him . ' having to go and watch these videos when your own children say these things about you , imagine what the children must have had to do in their own psyche , their own minds , to eventually give up to beatings and stuff to say this stuff . ' i get death threats . today , yesterday , still . comments , ' paedo ' , whatever . i understand , i get it . what we have is a 77-page judgement totally clearing me 100 per cent . ' it had been claimed that their father , who had separated from their mother , was the head of a cult which abused and sacrificed babies , slitting their throats and drinking their blood . more than 100 people , including a school head , a teacher , a priest , social workers and police , were said to have been part of the cult which had been ' doing sex ' to the children . rumours of the cult , said to be operating in north london , were posted online as part of an internet campaign which the judge said was likely to have ' devastating consequences ' for the children . they were subjected to various forms of assault including being punched , pinched and kicked in order to get them to tell the made-up stories . mrs justice pauffley said at a public hearing last month in the high court 's family division that the children , aged eight and nine , had suffered `` incalculable '' harm after their mother and her partner forced them to `` provide concocted accounts of horrific events '' . she said : ' torture is the most accurate way to describe what was done by mr christie in collaboration with ms draper . ' both children were assaulted by mr christie by being hit with a metal spoon on multiple occasions over their head and legs , by being pushed into walls , punched , pinched and kicked . ' water was poured over them as they knelt semi-clothed . ' more than four million people around the world have viewed the online material and police were forced to protect worried parents at the gates of christchurch primary school where the ‘ main action’ was alleged to have happened , the court heard . tests on ella draper 's ( pictured ) children showed they had ingested cannabis in the months before being taken into care . the ‘grotesque’ claims against ‘blameless’ people included drugged babies being sent from abroad by courier services such as tnt and dhl to london and then sacrificed . the pair claimed cult members drank their victims’ blood and danced around with the babies’ skulls . at least seven schools were named , a swimming pool identified as a meeting place and ‘rituals’ were alleged to have been performed at a mcdonald’s fast food restaurant . the children’s father , mr dearman , whose three-year relationship with draper ended acrimoniously in 2007 , was falsely said to be the leader of the cult , and teachers , police and even a priest to be among its more than 100 members . the judge said : ‘ many of those individuals are now living in fear because they have been identified on the internet as abusers of children and their contact details including telephone numbers , home and email addresses have been published . ‘ several of those implicated have received malicious , intimidating phone calls and emails at all hours of the day and night from all over the world . for example – “we’re coming for you . you paedo scum” . ’ 