this is the moment two grinning conmen were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old 's savings from a cash machine after tricking him into handing over his bank cards and pin . the smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner 's cash on march 17 . the crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . con : two grinning conmen were caught on camera as they stole an 80-year-old man 's savings after tricking him into giving them his debit cards and pins . despicable : the smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught on a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner 's cash . scam : the pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . they talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in the village of walsgrave-on-sowe , warwickshire , for ' couriers ' to collect . but less than two hours later , the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards , laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in coventry . west midlands police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice . investigating officer pc stuart watson said : ' these are cruel men who 've targeted an elderly man and panicked him with scare stories of a security recall of bank cards . the man has fallen for their lies and they 've helped themselves to his account . ' however , they did n't bank on the atm being fitted with a hidden camera and we 've managed to secure clear footage of the thieves . ' if anyone recognises them , or believes they 've seen them , i 'd ask them to contact me . ' these are men who thought nothing of conning a vulnerable old man and stealing from him . they do n't deserve protecting so i 'd ask anyone with information to get in touch by phoning 101 . ' do you know these men ? west midlands police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice . the fraudsters talked their victim into divulging his pins and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep . the cruel conmen were filmed using the man 's cards , laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in coventry . the suspects are described as being of asian appearance and are believed to be in their late 20s or early 30s . the suspects are described as being of asian appearance and are believed to be in their late 20s or early 30s . one had a full , close-cut beard and was wearing a dark blue duffle coat . the other is wearing dark grey hooded jumper . sergeant rod rose , from the force 's economic crime unit , added : ' some people fall for the scam because they believe the bogus story has been verified by a follow-up call to their bank - but because the scammers do n't hang up the victim is unwittingly still speaking to them and not a bank official . ' our message is simple : police officers or genuine bank officials would never ask you to divulge pin numbers over the phone or send couriers round to collect cards or cash . ' if you receive a call requesting this then hang up and contact police . ' anyone with information is asked to call west midlands police on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .