alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for the baseball season 's opening day following a 162-game suspension , batting seventh and serving as designated hitter . rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a florida clinic . yet a-rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ' forgive ' in the crowd . team-mates applaud as new york yankees designated hitter alex rodriguez takes to the field . new york yankees manager joe girardi ( from left to right ) , jacoby ellsbury , and brett gardner greet designated hitter rodriguez after he was introduced before the start of the opening day game . new york yankees designated hitter rodriguez ( centre ) stands in the dugout at the start of opening day . signs in the stands encourages fans to forgive rodriguez after his heavy suspension . as always , the baseball season got off with a bang . there were giant american flags , national anthems sang loud and proud , and grand entrances via parachutes . on the field , however , atlanta braves right-handed reliever jason grilli will take over as the closer following the trade of craig kimbrel . in a blockbuster trade on the eve of opening day , the san diego padres acquired kimbrel and outfielder melvin upton jr from the braves on sunday . elsewhere , tampa bay rays designated hitter john jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in the first inning of monday 's season opener against the baltimore orioles . x-rays were negative , but jaso left the game and was replaced by david dejesus , who batted in the third inning . chicago white sox players and kansas city royals players line the field for the national anthem . a us navy leap frog member parachutes into the stadium before boston red sox vs philadelphia phillies . the pittsburgh pirates and the cincinnati reds line up for the national anthem before their opening day tie . the philadelphia phillies march into the stadium before the game against the boston red sox . jay bruce of the cincinnati reds tries to make a catch on the opening day of baseball season . robinson cano and justin ruggiano of the seattle mariners celebrate after beating the los angeles angels . two fans have matching shirts on opening day that read : ' together since 1987 ' . cancer survivor julie kramer throws out an opening pitch before an opening day game .