we think of them as thriving in wildflower meadows and rolling fields . but new research suggests britain’s bees are happier near towns and cities . a study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past . it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to britain’s bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing . a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields ( honey bees in paris shown ) . the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population , according to the researcher . wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease . for instance , heaths and meadows near milton keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas . reading university researcher dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame . climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants . that 's according to a study that said warmer springs can change the life cycles of bees , which can throw them out of sync with the plants they pollinate . the research is the first clear example of the potential for climate change to disrupt such critical relationships between species . the study , potential disruption of pollination in a sexually deceptive orchid by climate change , was carried out by the university of east anglia ( uea ) and was published in the journal current biology . while the gardens , parks and churchyards of towns and cities provide bees with a variety of plants to forage on and an extended flowering season , popular crops such as oilseed rape only bloom for a few weeks . she said : ‘ while concreting over the countryside may appear to be bad news for nature , we’ve found that progressive urbanisation may be much less damaging than intensive agriculture . ‘ urban areas may benefit bees more than farmland by providing a wide variety of flowering plants , providing a cosmopolitan menu for insects from spring through to autumn . ‘ over the past century rural landscapes in britain have become increasingly dominated by large expanses of monoculture - the growing of a single type of plant , which has helped boost crop production . ‘ but without a mixture of habitat and food sources , rural areas can sometimes be little better than green deserts for biodiversity . ' scientists around the country are trying to work out why populations of bees and other insects are plummeting . pesticides , climate change and disease may , like intensive farming , be playing a role . the latest research is published in the royal society journal proceedings b . dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame . while the gardens , parks and churchyards of towns and cities provide bees with a variety of plants to forage on and an extended flowering season , popular crops such as oilseed rape only bloom for a few weeks ( stock image of honey bee shown ) . 