i couldn’t wait to get out of bournemouth , even though i loved the place . it was a holiday town , a place that would send you to sleep rather than drive you forward . maybe it was the sea air ; everything always manana . then along came eddie howe . his team are anything but a team to send you to sleep . they are dynamic , full of hungry players , with a point to prove . i can tell you now that wide player matt ritchie is a contender for my ‘10 to watch’ for next season — he is dynamite . eddie howe raises his arms in triumph after bournemouth sealed premier league promotion . ( left-right ) brett pitman , yann kermorgant , howe , andrew surman and callum wilson celebrate . and i can’t wait to see callum wilson in the top flight . he was on the back page of my daily mail on tuesday morning and you can expect to see him there more often . he is like ian wright , an exploding champagne bottle of a player ; shake him up and watch him fizz . howe is the man who has got them buzzing . gary lineker asked if we have found ‘ the english special one’ , but eddie is not the special one . he is the different one . watch eddie on the touchline and you will see he is the opposite to mourinho . eddie is peaceful during a game , relaxed , quiet and controlled . his extrovert assistant , jason tindall , provides the instructions and the demands , with eddie making his feelings known in a calm and gentle fashion . obviously the barclays premier league will bring different demands for this young man , who is still only 37 . bournemouth 's players slide along the turf in delight after their dream came true on monday night . we got to know each other after my dad signed him for portsmouth in 2002 . he played only twice because of a knee injury that was similar to one that cost me my career . it eventually finished him , too , and while you don’t want to make friends through the same devastating injury , i am glad i got to know him . some people you meet you can see are destined to be successful . he was always one of them . my dad liked him instantly and had a soft spot for him . i always thought my dad would be the king of bournemouth , for their fa cup giantkilling of holders manchester united in 1984 and their promotion success when he took them into what is now the championship . but eddie has blown away those achievements . lots of clubs will be admiring his progress and while he didn’t enjoy his experience at burnley when he left bournemouth in 2011 , that won’t stop others casting an eye in his direction . marc pugh ( left ) , ryan fraser and harry arter ( right ) toast the 3-0 win over bolton that secured promotion . and why not ? he is impressive . he has a good eye for talent , makes big calls , plays young players , is forward-thinking , ambitious and looks the part — he is a chairman’s dream . he will crave the opportunity to manage in the premier league and will enjoy recruiting new talent . bournemouth is a good place to bring up a family and he has also made it a good place to play . it is very different from the leaking stands and muddy pitch at dean court that i left behind . my childhood there was a big part of my life , cleaning luther blissett’s boots , training with tony pulis , ian bishop and gerry peyton and receiving my schooling in a football environment . but the away end had no roof and the old boys used to sit on wooden benches with cushions that they would throw at you when you were having a poor game . jamie redknapp believes howe was destined for success as soon as got to know him in 2002 . leaving for liverpool at 17 , i couldn’t get away fast enough . but now i can’t wait to get back there next season . i would never have thought all four of my clubs — bournemouth , liverpool , spurs and southampton — would be in the same league . eddie howe is the reason for that . i wonder if we are seeing an england manager in the making here .