lewis hamilton 's love of the shanghai international circuit continues to show no bounds as the reigning formula one champion again claimed pole position for the race . hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track , and three in succession , to take his tally to 41 overall in his career . the 30-year-old briton ultimately finished just 0.042secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out . ferrari 's sebastian vettel , a surprise winner last time out in malaysia , will start third , albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton . now click here to read the full qualifying report . host commentator . thank you for joining us this morning and be sure to return tomorrow for our coverage of sunday’s race . 1 hamilton ; 2 rosberg ; 3 vettel ; 4 massa ; 5 bottas ; 6 raikkonen ; 7 ricciardo ; 8 grosjean ; 9 nasr ; 10 ericsson . ‘ oh come on , guys’ , rosberg exasperates after missing out on pole by 0.042secs . hamilton fails to improve on his time , but it doesn’t matter as rosberg can’t beat his lap . it is hamilton’s pole . back on track and all 10 drivers are out for their final runs and they’re all on fresh tyres . here we go… . meanwhile ... vettel crosses the line to go fourth fastest as he splits the williams pair of massa and bottas . we’ve got four minutes to run . the mercedes pair are so much quicker than the rest of the field here . raikkonen is the first of the ferrari drivers to post a time and he is the best part of two seconds slower than hamilton on a used set of option tyres . and hamilton crosses the line with a 1:35.782 . wow . what can rosberg do ? the mercedes man is 0.280secs slower than his team-mate . bottas is the first driver to post a competitive lap , and he crosses the start-finish line with a 1:37.903… but it is hamilton up next . we’ll see two runs from each driver and hamilton is the first of the mercedes pair to take to the track . so , we’re already underway with the final session to determine the top 10… surely , lewis hamilton won’t be stopped in his quest for a third straight pole this year ? so , surprisingly both toro rossos fail to make the top-10 shootout with verstappen and sainz to start 13th and 14th tomorrow . hamilton remains the quickest man on the track . so , we’re in the last minute of q2 and massa , ericsson , nasr and perez are facing the drop . vettel crosses the line to go faster than raikkonen , but he is half-a-second off hamilton’s mighty lap . raikkonen goes third-fastest with a 1:37.1 , but the finn is seven tenths slower than hamilton… what can vettel do in the sister ferrari ? neither ferrari driver are yet to post a time , so the best of the rest behind the mercedes pair is currently the lotus of romain grosjean , 1.6 seconds slower than hamilton . that really is a stunning time from the world champion . rosberg follows hamilton across the line , but he is three tenths slower than his mercedes team-mate . the briton really appears to be a class above his mercedes team-mate this weekend . valtteri bottas leads the way until hamilton posts a 1:36.423 with his first run of the afternoon on the soft-option tyre . he then reports that his seat was getting really warm on that lap ; a problem he mentioned during practice this morning . the second session is underway in shanghai to determine which drivers will make it through to the top-10 shootout . that’s quite a big shock to see mclaren on the penultimate row again . button , alonso and the team have been speaking with plenty of optimism this weekend , but they will start tomorrow’s race only 17th and 18th . so , the mclaren drivers do not make it out of q1 and button and alonso will start on the penultimate row for tomorrow 's chinese grand prix . but as i write that , vettel goes fastest with a 1:37.502 . carlos sainz , pastor maldonado , romain grosjean , will stevens and roberto merhi occupy the drop zone with a minute to go… . raikkonen is back on track , on the softs , and it is the finn’s turn to top the timesheets as he goes some two tenths faster than bottas . valtteri bottas and felipe massa are both on the option tyres for their first timed runs of the afternoon . bottas goes fastest with a 1:38.014 as massa slots into third . button , also on the soft compound , is faster than alonso by four tenths , and he slots his mclaren into p7 . the briton comes over the radio to complain that the ‘ rears are overheating’ . alonso is already donning the soft compound tyre . he comes across plenty of traffic on his fast lap , but still manages to go eighth… for now . so , with 10 minutes to go , hamilton leads the way from rosberg , hulkenberg , felipe nasr , vettel , raikkonen and the ever-impressive max verstappen . rosberg is the next driver to cross the line and he posts a lap of 1:38.496 which is some two tenths off his team-mate . nico hulkenberg , on the much faster softer compound tyre , pops his force india into third . here comes hamilton , who looks at ease in his mercedes , and the british driver is 1.6 seconds faster than vettel . ouch . raikkonen crosses the line to post a 1:40.917 , but he appeared to be struggling with plenty of understeer on that lap and vettel crosses the line to go one second quicker than his ferrari team-mate . plenty of smoke as lewis hamilton’s mercedes is fired up , but there’s no problem with the world champion’s silver arrows as he takes to the circuit for q1 . kimi raikkonen meanwhile is the first big gun out on a hot lap… . fernando alonso failed to post a time in this morning 's practice session , but the spaniard is first out of the blocks as today 's qualifying session gets underway . security has been ramped up for this week’s race in china after a spectator managed to get on to the track during yesterday’s second practice session . the local man darted across the start-finish line before leaping over the pit wall and walking into the ferrari garage . he is then alleged to have said : ‘ i want a car . i’ve got a ticket . ’ rosberg has been challenged by mercedes f1 chairman niki lauda to raise his game this weekend after being outclassed by hamilton in both races so far this term . here , the german is taking part in his traditional warm-up before hopping into his mercedes for this afternoon’s qualifying session .  that said , mercedes , and lewis hamilton in particular , appear to be back to their ominous best in shanghai . hamilton has been fastest in all three practice sessions this weekend at a track where he has already won on three occasions and was the pole-sitter here in 2013 and again last year . the 30-year-old posted a time of one minute 37.615secs , finishing 0.226secs quicker than team-mate rosberg . fresh from his win in sepang , vettel was the best of the rest , albeit some seven tenths down on hamilton’s best lap . good morning and welcome to our coverage of today’s qualifying session for the chinese grand prix . after lewis hamilton led nico rosberg home in a mercedes one-two at the curtain raiser in melbourne , we were told a year of domination from the silver arrows loomed . but how wrong they were . sebastian vettel , in his ferrari , upset the odds to roar to victory in malaysia to blow the race for the championship back open and give mercedes food-for-thought ahead of this week’s chinese grand prix and for the remainder of the campaign .