between the sugar-free devotees and the paleo health nuts sprouting advice in forums and on blogs , there are a lot of confusing messages surrounding what foods are best and most for nourishing children . in an exclusive interview with daily mail australia , uk children 's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' controversial bone broth recipe in his book ' bubba yum yum - the paleo way ' , calling it dangerous , and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend . ' babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does , ' karmel , 51 , said . scroll down for video . motivated mumpreneur : british children 's cook book author annabel karmel , has over 40 books to her name . paleo , puhlease ... karmel believes bone broth instead of breast milk or formula is dangerous and ill advised . as an expert on children 's nutrition from babies through to toddlers , karmel believes that , unlike pete evans ' exclusion diet that recommends bone broth over breast milk , it is all about a well-rounded diet approach . ' who is going to be making bone broth ? ' i mean , it’s a lot of work and it’s also very low calorie amount of food , ' she said . ' the baby wo n't have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and i would definitely not advise that . ' 'children’s diets are slightly different to adult diets . when they’re young , the whole low-fat high fibre does n't apply to children , they need high fats and not many high fibre foods because they deplete the body of nutrients when they’re young , ' she added . bad for bubba : karmel says pete evan 's kids cook book goes against everything health experts would advise . ' however , from two years old , provided they’re not underweight , they can have low-fat skim milk , but up until two they should have full fat milk , proper yoghurt and full fat everything . ' yet a lot of people give them fruit and vegetables for far too long and they don’t have the nutrients they need to grow so children as a result become deficient in vitamins and minerals . ' ' so it 's really important babies have iron rich food , essential fatty acids and nutrient dense foods - which is basically the opposite of bone broth . ' they need cheese because their tummies are so small and they need energy because they’re running around , so cheese , avocado and meat have a high calorie content and that’s really important , ' said karmel . fad foods : karmel says she does n't believe in fads and is against sugar free , paleo and low carb diets . ' so basically ( the paleo diet ) goes against everything that nutritionists and experts in child health would advise and i don’t know where he gets his advice from but i would not advise it . ' at the mention of certain grains and carbohydrates being excluded , karmel gasped . ' sandwiches , breakfast cereals , pasta , all of those - are you saying you can not have any of that ? they 're staples for children . if you can’t get them to eat something you can at least get them to eat spaghetti bolegnese . ' and in their lunch box they’d usually have a wrap or a sandwich , so what are they going to have ? bone broth ? ! ' karmel is also an advocate of good sugars despite popular beliefs currently surrounding the move towards complete sugar bans . ‘i’m not into fads , i prefer an all-round good diet but i’m not a purist either . if a child has an icecream or a chocolate it’s okay as well as long as it’s a part of a good diet . that 's life - if you ban foods , they become forbidden treats and children will want them all the more , ' she says . ' these exclusion diets do n't make sense to me , you need protein , carbohydrates , you need fat , you need essential fatty acids and you need a balance of all these things . ' karmel crusade : karmel is out to revolutionise healthy meals for kids with the launch of a new frozen food range . 'there’s sugar and then there is sugar . fruit sugars are okay , and having an orange juice or a smoothie is okay . while it 's not as good as eating the whole fruit ( where you get the fibre ) they still have a lot of nutrients in them . ' 'it’s almost like juices and smoothies are now being promoted as not good for you – which is just not true , ' she says . ' yet , i would have chocolate cake or a bag of crisps in the fridge but my children did n't usually want to eat it because the food i made was healthy tasted delicious it was often better than the unhealthy food . ' obesity epidemic : karmel says aside from diabetes and tooth decay , obese children are also not happy . instead , karmel believes balance is key . mothers are working longer hours than ever before and she believes while they all start with good intentions and want to feed their children well , children get hungry , wo n't wait and so mothers are worn down into giving unhealthy , time-poor food substitutes like chocolate , chicken nuggets , pizza etc . as a mother of three herself , karmel knows exactly the pressures facing new mums . beginning her career after the tragic death of her first born natasha , karmel became extremely passionate about making recipes that would nourish her children that followed , as well as helping other mother 's give their children food they would eat . mum to the rescue : karmel aims to revolutionise meal time for mums with 33 freezer friendly meals in range . it was while she worked at a playgroup that her success in fact began . sharing recipes with other mums , they praised her meals and suggested she write a cook book . and the rest is history . her cook book , ' the complete baby and toddler meal planner ' ( in which she worked closely with the institute of children 's health ) was born . and despite initially being rejected by 20 publishers , it went on to sell four million copies back in 1991 , making her a guru of children 's cookery . rags to riches : karmel 's first cook book ' complete baby and toddler meal planner ' was refused by 20 publishers before getting picked up . now in a bid to help the seven million obese people currently across the nation , karmel has arrived in australia to promote her new healthy food range for children in the hopes to be a trail blazer , revolutionise the healthy meal scene for children and help mother 's for generations to come . 1.spaghetti bolognese - ' i add five hidden vegetables - onion , leek , tomato , carrot and capsicum . it 's absolutely delicious . ' 2.chicken and apple balls - ' with minced chicken , thyme , breadcrumbs , apple , chicken stock mixed and made into little balls . ' 3 . fish goujons - ' fish coated in crushed rice crispies and parmesan . it 's different but really yummy and children lick them up with their fingers . ' the freezer friendly meal range is made in australia with locally sourced ingredients , has over 33 meal options and includes a variety of flavours from butter chicken to oriental food and a five veg spaghetti bolognese . ' somebody has to do something , children are getting mature onset diabetes and they’re loosing their teeth with all the huge amounts of sugar , ' she says . ' plus fat children are not happy children , they are not good at sports , they are laughed at , they have complexes and you know you want them to grow up to be healthy and happy . ' she also adds , while mums want the best for their children , it is difficult feeding children and they need help because currently whenever they buy something unhealthy food is pushed at them . ' the only challenge now will be to get mums to go to the frozen food aisle and buy these foods because its not where they expect to find them . '