' this is darko . i think i know the location of $ 20million worth of stolen art - i hope you have whatsapp . ' it 's a line that would n't sound out of place in a heist movie . but that was the anonymous call that helped art sleuth christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion . ' i got this tip-off from a shadowy figure in slovenia called darko , ' said the london-based founder of art recovery international . scroll down for video . art detective christopher marinello has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 henri matisse painting le jardin . ' he sent me images of the paintings via whatsapp and we set up a sting operation with the lapd and recovered nine of paintings which were stolen in broad daylight six years ago . ' the art detective is no stranger to high profile cases – having been central to the recovery of a £1billion nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid munich flat in 2012 . he currently represents the heirs of renowned art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse 's 1921 femme assise . it was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by cornelius gurlitt , the son of nazi art dealer hildebrand , and has been valued at around £60million . he is representing the heirs of art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse 's 1921 femme assise ( left ) which was found in a squalid munich apartment along with this marc chagall painting ( right ) . ' the painting was found covered by a layer of grime . there was a milky white film on it as it had been sitting flat , unstretched amongst rotting food , ' said mr marinello . ' it did n't even have a frame , but there is no doubt that it is the original matisse . it has been tested by a number of experts and the rosenberg family has an incredibly detailed archive . ' it should clean up nicely and we were able to determine it has not been directly touched since matisse completed it . ' the reclusive eccentric died in may last year and left the collection dubbed the ' greatest find of the post-war era ' to kunstmuseum bern . the museum announced that it would accept the immense trove of art amassed by a nazi-era art dealer , but would ensure any looted art was returned to the rightful owners . and just yesterday it emerged that germany has signed an agreement to return matisse 's femme assise to the rosenberg heirs . in the past two decades , mr marinello has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including priceless works by picasso , renoir and matisse . the founder of art recovery international examines evidence relating to matisse 's le jardin with head curator lars bystrom . he tracked down nine paintings including les paysans by marc chagall ( pictured ) stolen from an la mansion . one of his most recent cases saw him recover el greco 's 1944 ' portrait of a gentleman ' , which was seized from julius priester 's collection by the gestapo in vienna . mr priester , a prominent art collector , had fled to paris with his wife camilla six years before , when austria was annexed into germany as part of the anschluss in 1938 . last month mr marinello also tracked down two sculptures which were stolen with weeks of each other from hirschl and adler gallery in new york 32 years ago . paul manship 's ' central figure of day ' was taken during an exhibition in december 1983 and just three weeks later ' figure of gertrude vanderbilt whitney ' by prince paul troubetzkoy disappeared from the same show . another of his most high-profile successes was the recovery of matisse 's le jardin after it was stolen from the museum of modern art in stockholm by a burglar armed with a sledgehammer . more than 1,400 artworks were found in a squalid munich flat owned by cornelius gurlitt , the son of nazi art dealer hildebrand . criminals are both nemeses and friends to the detective and if you spot him sitting in a starbucks , the chances are he 's about to sit down with an art thief . ' i 've met with a criminal who 's been holding onto some very valuable artwork for over 30 years several times at a cafe in paris , ' said mr marinello . ' i often receive and exchange stolen works in pubs and cafes . in fact if you see me sitting alone in a starbucks , there is a high likelihood i 'm not just having a cup of coffee . i prefer meeting in public places , as it can get interesting . ' i deal with criminals if i have the permission of the authorities . if the theft happened 25 years ago , the police are n't as interested and in those cases i 'm given permission to handle the case myself . ' before he became the public face of the company , he used to work undercover and once set up a sting operation to catch a man trying to illegally obtain a van gogh picture worth £2million . he has also recovered a multi-million pound devo painting from the middle of the street in manhattan from a celebrity who unwittingly came into possession of the stolen artwork . ' i was meeting a well-known celebrity at the corner of a street in new york and suddenly a beige mercedes benz pulled up and the window rolled down . out came a devo painting rolled up in a tube inside a black plastic bag . ' that is definitely one of the more unusual places i have exchanged artwork . ' finding the missing art in the first place is a major undertaking as mr marinello and his team often locate stolen works before law enforcement . to do this , they have developed art claim , the world 's most technologically advanced database for stolen , looted and missing works of art , antiquity and cultural property . once a missing artwork is entered into the database , they use image recognition software to scour catalogues at sotheby 's , bonham 's , ebay and other auction sites until they find a match . ' it all starts with art claim . anyone who has a theft whether it 's a museum or holocaust victim should report the theft , then we search art fairs , online sellers , and auction catalogues . ' there is a huge risk in buying a stolen work as the legal fees can be back breaking . the publicity alone can be hugely damaging to a high net-worth collector . ' people spend hundreds of thousands and do absolutely nothing to check the provenance . you need to know in advance what you 're buying . ' mr marinello believes art theft is on the rise and said it is now the third highest-grossing criminal trade , behind guns and drugs . cornelius gurlitt 's father hildebrand ( right ) , was commissioned to obtain artworks on behalf of adolf hitler ( left ) and bought works confiscated from jewish families . ' it is worse than ever . the economic downturn over the past few years , security cuts at museums and wars have all contributed to the fact that cultural property theft is on the rise . ' but hollywood-style art heists with james bond-style equipment and elaborate getaways are not the only way that priceless works disappear . ' art is stolen in every way imaginable , but it is not always a well thought-out endeavor . ' some thieves just see a work and think ' i can just put this in my bag and get out of here ' . ' what they do n't realise is that these works are not at all easy to sell on . once an artwork is on our database - as this one is - we will be searching art markets all over the world for it . ' art can also be lost in transport and there is also insider theft . of course there are also movie-style elaborate break-ins . methods are getting creative , but we are trying to stay one step ahead . ' ' thieves are always going to be thieves . art thieves are common thugs . there 's no romance there . the same people who 'd steal your wallet would steal artwork . ' the internet has made it easier track but it 's easier for the criminals as well . '