the five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian has suffered a stroke , his family said . his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday . danny and amy tarkanian said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement . five-year-old jerry tarkanian , pictured here with with his parents , amy ( left ) and danny ( right ) tarkanian , suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday and was taken to the hospital . the family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke . danny tarkanian said that the stroke was in the back of young jerry 's brain , where strokes apparently do less damage , according to the las vegas review-journal . amy tarkanian announced her son 's stroke on twitter . ' our son jerry had a stroke ... he 's 5 and i 'm just dying inside , ' she wrote . jerry , who is the grandson of the famed college basketball coach jerry tarkanian , was given a ct scan and other tests and is moving around better since the stroke , his family says . she said at about 6am that her son was having a ct scan because the ' left side of his body is not moving ' and he was ' having trouble answering questions ' . danny tarkanian is a former republican congressional candidate and amy tarkanian is a political commentator and former nevada gop chairwoman . the boy 's grandmother lois tarkanian is a las vegas city councilwoman . the elder jerry tarkanian , who led the 1990 university of nevada , las vegas men 's basketball team to a national title , died in february , aged 84 . the hall of famer coached the unlv runnin ' rebels basketball team for 19 years . the boy 's grandfather , hall of fame college men 's basketball coach jerry tarkanian , died in february , aged 84 . he coached the who university of nevada , las vegas men 's basketball team for 19 years and led the 1990 team to a national title .