francis coquelin is determined to take his chance at arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend patrick vieira . the frenchman has thrived in the centre of arsenal 's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances . vieira was captain during arsenal 's trophy laden beginning to arsene wenger 's reign and coquelin hopes he can keep performing to emulate the club legend . arsenal midfielder francis coquelin , who has become an integral part of their midfield , celebrates with fans . 'i’m not going to say to you i am ( the new vieira ) , obviously i want to be but i think it’s down to the performance i put in every week so i’m just trying to give me best every game so hopefully i can do that in the long term , ' coquelin told bt sport . on loan at charlton , the 23-year-old feared he may not play for the gunners again . ' well , obviously that was in my head and i think at the time my loan had finished the first month . i could see the injuries over there , i think arteta was out , ramsey and it was the time for me to either extend my loan or come back and i extended it and thought maybe i won’t get the chance now , ' added coquelin . the midfielder is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi . the 23-year-old is not shy of putting in a robust challenge on opponents as he adds steel to arsenal 's midfield . ' i always had confidence in myself and belief in myself i just need the chance . i got the chance because other people got injured and tried to grab it with both hands and do as well as i could , ' he told bt sport . arsenal have been much maligned in recent seasons for lacking grit and strength in the centre of the park , but coquelin is happy to focus on the defensive side of the game . ' the way i think is that i’m just trying to do what’s best for the team . there are other players who can do this job and i’m trying to focus on mine which is to get the ball back and help the team defensively , ' added the 23-year-old . coquelin , tackling manchester city 's david silva , has managed to establish a starting place in the arsenal xi . ' obviously sometimes you want to get involved a little bit more because we play great football and this is arsenal , you always want to get involved moving forward . but you need to think about the defensive aspect and that is what my job is all about . ' arsene wenger 's side have been in top form in the premier league , winning their last six matches to close the gap on manchester city in second and establish a place in the prestigious top four . the gunners take on liverpool at the emirates on saturday in a pivotal clash in the race for champions league football , but arsenal 's ' new vieira ' is confident . ' we obviously want to win this game you know , it’s a massive one , really important and we can increase the gap to nine points if we win so yes , i think it’s really important , ' said the frenchman . ' i can’t say definitely because mathematically it won’t be over , so i can’t say that , but yes we see a lot of confidence in us because over the last few months we have had some big results and if we can beat liverpool it will be another massive one . ' coquelin celebrates with countryman olivier giroud as arsenal managed to win every game in march . see the full interview with francis coquelin on ‘ matchday live with fletch & sav’ from 10am this saturday on bt sport 1 . guests include ian wright , harry redknapp , piers morgan and michael owen .