nico rosberg feels he may have handed lewis hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-chinese grand prix outburst . rosberg , however , concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the shanghai international circuit on sunday . to make a complaint about hamilton 's slow driving was understandable given the situation , but to turn on his mercedes team-mate during the post-race media conference was a sign the briton has got under rosberg 's skin . nico rosberg has claimed that team-mate lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him after his outburst . damon hill , the 1996 world champion , upon hearing rosberg 's comments remarked the german had shot himself in the foot by publicly airing his grievances . it was a sign of weakness from rosberg , who on thursday conceded he had probably provided hamilton with additional psychological ammunition . ' maybe , because i 'm standing here and i have to answer all these questions , ' said rosberg in the middle of a barrage from the press ahead of this weekend 's bahrain grand prix . ' but other than that , i would do it again because i felt the need to state the facts as there was a need to discuss things after that race . everybody said that . ' that 's it , i would n't do anything different , and except from being stood here in this room discussing it with you , it 's a long time since i last discussed it . ' it 's a thing of the past . i 'm in bahrain now and i 'm here just to attack in a race car again . ' that 's the best answer i can give , on the race track . i 'm looking forward to it and that opportunity . ' the british driver won the chinese gp but came under fire from rosberg for allegedly slowing on purpose . the matter was resolved in a post-race debrief involving the drivers and the team 's top brass in motorsport boss toto wolff and executive technical director paddy lowe . but as to what would transpire should the same scenario occur again in the future , rosberg said : ' it 's so difficult because it 's not a thing that 's black or white . ' that 's what makes all these scenarios difficult . eventually , once the facts are analysed , there are still different opinions and it 's going to be different from one race to the next . ' such a situation could become even more fluid should ferrari manage to exert further pressure on mercedes as the title race unfolds . asked as to what the solution could be moving forward , the 29-year-old replied : ' it 's always the same and it will not change . damon hill believes that rosberg shot himself in the foot following his outburst about his mercedes team-mate . ' it 's an agreement we have when the team 's one-two is under threat from another team then some management will be used to ensure that , and that might be at the disadvantage of one over the other . ' it becomes a team effort because we want to finish one-two and score the most possible points . ' so the more annoying a ferrari becomes , the more likely those measures will be used - just like in china when lewis was told to speed up . ' hamilton was publicly exonerated of any wrongdoing by wolff and non-executive chairman niki lauda as he was merely controlling his pace at a point in the race when he was required to nurse his tyres . for his part , hamilton has remained unruffled by rosberg 's comments , and does not feel there is any lingering animosity . ' we 're moving forwards and we will reunite as a team this weekend and try to do a great job , ' said hamilton . rosberg is yet to better hamilton this season but insists he 's already forgotten about their recent spat . ' there 's no issue between me and nico . we saw each other this morning and everything is good . ' there are going to be times when people are unhappy about some things , but we 're grown-ups and we move past it . ' there is no doubt hamilton has rosberg rattled as the former has now beaten the latter in nine of the last 10 races stretching back into last year . rosberg knows he has to stop the rot , adding : ' it was very important to do that in malaysia , and that was two races back , so that does n't change . ' every race is important , and he 's 17 points ahead , so i need to get points back as soon as possible . that 's clear , and it 's not more important here or wherever . ' last year he had a run of four wins at the beginning of the season , and right after that i had my best part of the year for quite a long time , so there 's also that reference from last year . '