jameela spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings . jameela jamil has the dazzling smile that you 'd expect of a television presenter and former model . yet the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather , the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years . ' from the age of 21 , i would wake up in the morning with a puffy , swollen face feeling utterly hungover - even though i do n't drink , ' says jameela , who has presented the radio 1 chart show and programmes for channel 4 . ' my head felt heavy and i was permanently exhausted . occasionally , i would even faint . there were days when i 'd arrive at work and the make-up artists would send me home because i just looked awful and felt terrible . ' after several months of this , she went to a private doctor who referred her for tests . jameela thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus , an auto-immune condition which can cause inflammation and swelling in the joints and other parts of the body . in fact , the tests suggested she had high levels of mercury . after other potential causes such as diet were ruled out , it was suggested the problem was down to the ten amalgam fillings she 'd had as a child . so she spent £3,000 on having them all removed and replaced with white fillings . dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years , and every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in britain . amalgam remains a standard material to use , especially on back teeth because it is particularly robust . it is made from a mixture of metals including silver , tin and copper . liquid mercury is used to help mix these components together . breathing in extremely high concentrations of mercury can trigger bronchitis and pneumonia and affect the central nervous system , causing muscle tremors . long-term exposure to high levels can affect kidneys . but mercury poisoning is very rare , suggests dr prem mahendra , a consultant haematologist at the queen elizabeth hospital , birmingham . ' in 27 years as a haematologist i have never been asked to test for mercury , ' he says . dentists agree that when fillings are being put in or removed , the mercury can release vapour . this is absorbed into the bloodstream in the lungs and then taken to the kidneys to be passed out harmlessly in the urine . blood tests showed she had high mercury levels . with nothing else to account for these raised levels , her fillings were pinpointed as the cause . but the amounts taken in from fillings is ' minuscule ' , says salford dentist dr ben atkins . indeed , a review by the eu commission 's scientific committee in 2008 concluded there was no risk from amalgam , says professor damien walmsley , the british dental association 's scientific adviser . amalgam is ' strong , durable and adaptable ' and there is ' no evidence to suggest these fillings are anything other than safe to use ' , adds stjohn crean , professor of medicine in dentistry and an oral and maxillofacial surgeon at the university of central lancashire . it is true that mercury can sometimes cause sensitivity and soreness in teeth - 5 per cent of the population react to contact with amalgams in this way - but this poses no risk to health , adds professor walmsley . and yet dental amalgam is banned in countries such as sweden and norway , because of patient concern about the risk . finland and japan have restrictions on its use , with a view to phasing it out . this follows research linking mercury to certain diseases . a 2012 review of 106 studies published in the journal of alzheimer 's disease suggested mercury from amalgams could be a contributing factor to the condition . but fillings are n't the only source of mercury . it can get into the blood through food - nearly all fish and shellfish contain traces , though the food standards agency says this is n't a concern for most people . however , some fish and shellfish contain higher levels of mercury that could harm an unborn baby or young child 's developing nervous system . that 's why young children and women planning to have a baby or who are already pregnant or breastfeeding are advised to avoid fish that can have higher levels of mercury , such as shark , swordfish and marlin . pregnant women are advised to limit their tuna to no more than two steaks or four medium-sized cans a week . and yet dental amalgam ( pictured , posed by model ) is banned in countries such as sweden and norway , because of patient concern about the risk . but jameela does n't eat fish , so knew the mercury levels could n't be due to her diet . she 's allergic to peanuts , shellfish and dairy foods and at 12 was diagnosed with coeliac disease - a condition which causes an adverse reaction to gluten , found in wheat , barley and rye . following blood tests , it was discovered that she had high mercury levels . with nothing else to account for these raised levels , her fillings were pinpointed as the cause . ' all i could think of was i had to get rid of them , ' says jameela . but while she expected her symptoms to immediately subside once her fillings were removed , they continued to affect her over the next few years . ' i hated the fatigue , the headaches , the fact i should have been fit and healthy but felt rotten all the time , ' jameela says . ' i read up on this and discovered that not only does it take time for mercury levels to drop , but vapour can be released from the mercury when the fillings are removed and leak into the system . ' i think that the mercury was affecting my immune and digestive system . ' dentist dr atkins has spoken to many patients who have wanted to have their silver fillings removed because they 're concerned about the potential health issues . but he warns that removing amalgams can do more harm than good as more vapour can be inhaled into the system by doing this . ' aside from the fact there is no evidence to suggest amalgams are anything other than safe , every time a dentist drills a tooth , they remove a little dental tissue . so you are essentially damaging the tooth , ' he says . the number of fillings in the average adult 's mouth . still struggling , jameela saw a nutritionist who recommended drinking solutions made from clay and algae chlorella three times a day . these apparently bind to mercury and help remove it . she did this for two years , and tried various diets to tackle the ' inflammation ' linked to the mercury that was making her ill . ' for my 25th birthday , my flatmate gave me a piece of melon with a candle in it - cake was out of the question , ' she says . ' it took about a year before i started to feel better . it 's all had a massive impact on my life . ' however , anton emmanuel , consultant gastroenterologist at university college hospital , london , is not convinced mercury could affect digestion in this way . ' you would have to be exposed to massive overdoses of mercury for the gut to be affected , ' he says . ' not in the level or forms that you get with mercury fillings . ' in fact , i see patients whose gut symptoms , ironically , seem to be caused by the stress and anxiety of thinking that it is their mercury fillings which are causing stomach problems , when there is no physical sign of any gut disorders . ' but jameela remains convinced that the mercury was the cause of her problems . ' there is so much we do n't know about amalgam fillings . i know i feel much better now , ' she says . private clinics offer mercury testing . but dr mahendra says anyone thinking of having this done should check that the clinic 's laboratories have clinical pathology accreditation ( cpa ) to ensure that the tests are carried out properly . jameela is supporting allergy uk to raise awareness of food allergies and is ambassador for holland & barrett’s free from range . 