a union secretary has slammed supermarket chain aldi for trying to overturn workplace laws and gain the right to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week . the transport workers ' union 's national secretary tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act and accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom . ' major retailers like aldi are trying to turn the clocks back on our modern society to reintroduce serfdom , ' mr sheldon in a statement . aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to workplace relations productivity commission . ' their model is to keep workers employed on vulnerable part-time and casual basis , increasing and reducing their hours when they see fit . ' national secretary of the transport workers ' union , tony sheldon , accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom . his comment was made amidst a new submission from the supermarket giant to the workplace relations productivity commission , in which it recommended that the national employment standards be amended to ' enable employers and employees greater flexibility to determine reasonable working hours above the standard 38 hour week ' . aldi 's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed despite the supermarket chain arguing that their employees ' overwhelmingly supported ' and ' preferred ' the proposals . ' aldi 's experience is that employees are keen for the opportunity of guaranteed additional hours and commensurate income , and prefer this arrangement to a limit of 38 hours plus additional hours to be worked as needed , ' david zalunardo , aldi 's managing director , wrote . however mr sheldon argued that the employer had been stopped for good reason , saying the chain had tried to ' strip workers of their rights ' . ' the transport workers ' union and its members acted against this billion-dollar company in 2012 , when it tried to strip workers of their right to refuse to work unreasonably long hours , ' he said . mr sheldon responded by saying : ' aldi ... believes the right of workers to challenge bad workplace agreements is `` not acceptable in a modern , flexible economy '' ' ' aldi then failed the legal and fairness test , but now in a submission to the productivity commission it is seeking again to scrap the same safeguards . ' we can only hope that aldi 's dream for the australian economy never comes true . ' the grocery store also protested union 's power to interfere in enterprise agreements , arguing that a recent incident , in which a union representing only ' a very small number of employees ' delayed an agreement , caused ' negative consequences…in terms of uncertainty , financial costs and distraction from managing the business ' . ' based on our experience , the length of time taken for fwc consideration of enterprise agreements can be unduly prolonged , costly and disruptive to continuing business operations , which is disadvantageous to all stakeholders . this is not acceptable in a modern , flexible economy , ' mr zalunardo wrote . mr sheldon responded by saying : ' aldi ... believes the right of workers to challenge bad workplace agreements is `` not acceptable in a modern , flexible economy '' . '