in its turbulent 800 year history , hay castle has been besieged , set ablaze and become a frequent target for marauding welsh rebels . but now the medieval stronghold that has already endured so much is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders… which each measure less than half an inch long . an infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the imposing castle , which towers above the town of hay-on-wye on the welsh border , at peril . threat : hay castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames . a £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers , with structural engineers and historical building specialists hoping to repair the damage . the hay castle trust , which is co-ordinating the renovation plans , has already received £500,000 from the heritage lottery fund and will claim a further £4.9m once they have raised £1.5m from independent sources . tests have shown the wood-boring beetles are active in the castle’s timbers . the damage is caused by their larvae , which burrow inside the wood , weakening them as they go . the adult beetles live for only a few weeks , but the larvae stage of their life cycle can last for up to 13 years . hay castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful norman lord william de braose and has been added to through the ages . historic : but the 800-year-old mansion needs a major overhaul to eliminate the threat posed by the beetles . project : hay castle has launched a fundraising drive to ensure its future in the fact of the insect threat . it was sacked by llewelyn ii , the last prince of wales , in 1233 , and rebuilt by henry iii . it was damaged by fire during the rebellion of welsh chieftain owain glyndwr in 1401 and sacked again in 1460 . the remains of the castle include a four-storey norman keep and gateway , a jacobean mansion was built alongside the tower in 1660 , and victorian terraced gardens . the rescue plan also includes tackling the rambling ivy which is further putting parts of it at risk of collapse after damaging the stonework . juliet aston , from historic building specialists rick mather architects , said : ‘ the most vulnerable part of the building is the derelict part of the mansion which hasn’t had a roof since 1939 . ‘it’s hanging on by hook and by crook . ivy is holding it together but destroying it at the same time . the walls are flapping about and are not stable . invader : deathwatch beetles like this one are living in the timber of the medieval building . ‘ when the restoration project is finished it’s hoped it will be possible for visitors to stroll around the castle walls and enjoy a bird’s eye view from the top . ’ the walls of the keep , are however , said to remain solid . the plans to restore the castle to its former glory include new driveways , cafe , restaurant , library , a study area and exhibition and display areas . deathwatch beetles get their name from tapping or ticking sound often heard in the rafters of old buildings . the adult beetles make the noise to attract mates . it is said to be associated with the vigil kept beside dying people . the adult beetles measure 7mm long , and the larvae 11mm . the castle was since the 1960s owned by richard booth , the bookseller whose antics turned hay on wye in a ‘ town of books’ and venue for a famous literary festival , until it was purchased in 2011 by the hay castle trust .