probably the most extraordinary thing about the island of st helena is that it was ever found at all . a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa , it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years able to evolve its own unique flora and fauna untouched by the outside world . but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size . jamestown is the capital of the south atlantic island of saint helena , discovered by in 1502 by juan de nova . it was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year . it played a role in both slavery and its abolition : when the trade became illegal it was the base from which the british sought to capture the perpetrators and free their human cargo . and it was the place to which napoleon was exiled after his defeat at waterloo . the emperor who had escaped elba was not going to get away so easily from the most isolated place on earth . framed by cragged volcanic cliffs soaring 800 metres ( 2,600 feet ) above sea level , the island is just 122 square kilometres in total . the island , which is smaller than central paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of jamestown . early next year a £218m airport will open and make this british overseas territory no longer quite so isolated . at the moment though the only way to get there is still by sea and for most that means the rms st. helena . this royal mail ship is the island’s lifeline . it carries in all its supplies and up to 150 passengers who range from returning or departing saints ( as the residents are known ) to tourists with a taste for something different as well as , more recently , construction workers , entrepreneurs and conservation experts . early next year , an airport will open on the island . the £218 million project will make this british overseas territory far more accessible . once the airport is open in february 2016 , the ship service - which takes five days from cape town - will be retired . here , the runway of the future airport is visible . the upcoming airport will be located in the prosperous bay plain area of the island . this means it’s a ship of two halves : the front laden with dozens of huge containers , the back a sun deck where we take dips in the little swimming pool and play quoits , shuffleboard , skittles and passengers v. crew cricket . in between are a couple of lounges with bars where travellers can listen to talks and watch films . these are not compulsory , of course , and many of the saints for whom the voyage is basically just a bus service sit and watch benignly . for the rest of us they’re a wonderful ice-breaker and a source of great fun and fierce rivalry : passions are running particularly high by the final of the three night accumulator quiz . as it stands , the only way to reach saint helena is via ship - the rms st. helena , a royal mail ship that transports all supplies to the island . traveller liz gill describes the ship as a ' ship of two halves ' : the front laden with dozens of huge containers , with a sundeck out back . we are fortified in all this by the most enormous hearty meals : there’s even an extra savoury course after the cheese at dinner though i never get that far myself . sailing on the st. helena has been like stepping back in time . captain rodney young himself tells me that sometimes he surveys the deck and thinks this is still a bit of empire on which the sun has not yet set . for me at times though it seems even further back and i think a lot about all those ancient mariners crossing this vast ocean where in a ten-day round trip we sight only two other ships and even the wandering albatrosses say goodbye after a couple of days . it’s good preparation for the island itself which emerges from the waves at dawn like a dream . there is in fact something rather alice-in-wonderland-ish about st helena as if everything has shrunken to produce a geography and a society in miniature . the edge of the runway will offer spectacular views of the blue water , nestled among the jagged rocks of the coastline . while visiting , liz climbed the island 's infamous jacob’s ladder : a 699-step staircase that towers 600 feet in the air . so within only 47 square miles of land mass there are barren deserts and lush cloud forests , a black sand beach and towering crags , rolling pastureland and peaks of up to 2,700 feet . on a central ridge it’s possible to look in one direction on the empty moonscape of sandy bay and in another on sheep scattered fields which could be in sussex . similarly in human terms for a population of 4,000 , barely the size of an english village , there is a governor , a legislative council , a hospital , three primary and one secondary school , a cathedral with a bishop plus places of worship for several different denominations , a police force , a prison , two newspapers and two radio stations . what this means for the visitor is a wide range of activities . i seemed to fill almost every hour of the nine days i spent there while the ship sailed on to ascension island and back . despite being barely the size of an english village , the capital boasts a legislative council , several schools and two newspapers . two were spent walking : there are lots of trails graded in difficulty and many routes have ‘ post boxes’ which hold visitors books and rubber stamps . one day we climbed diana’s peak in the company of david pryce , a mine-of-information englishman known locally as the bug man who is on a three year project to catalogue the local invertebrates . on another we walked with a young saint aaron legg to lot’s wife’s ponds , lot and his wife being giant geological features and the pool being a serene inlet protected by rocks from the crashing waves beyond and filled with colourful fish . the walk was an hour’s climb up a steep rocky hillside and half an hour’s descent down the other side ending in having to slither down a rope for the last 30 feet but more than worth it . it was one of the loveliest places where i have ever swum . marine life is a big attractions for snorkelers and divers – there are also several wrecks to explore – and fishermen who can chase tuna , wahoo and marlin . we were too late for the seasonal visit of whale sharks but 200 dolphins did their best to compensate , cavorting around our boat as we sailed out to the seabird colonies . i also had an enchanting afternoon watching wirebirds , the island’s only endemic bird so called because of its spindly legs and something of a conservation success story . the island is full of trails - of varying levels of difficulty - as well as fabulous swimming and diving opportunities . as well as there being several ship wrecks to explore , the marine life is another major draw for snorkellers and divers alike . by contrast there was a napoleon themed day : a visit to briars pavilion where he stayed briefly when he first arrived , longwood house where he lived for six years until his death in 1821 and his tomb in the pretty valley setting he chose himself . though his body was repatriated to france 19 years later and much of longwood’s contents like the clothes and the death masks are replicas , the places are still resonant if melancholy . and it’s not every day one can stand on the exact spot where an emperor passed away.. . other experiences included a cookery lesson making tuna fishcakes , pumpkin stew and pilau – pronounced plo – a spicy legacy of st helena’s diversity , which its people made up from arrivals from india , china , madagascar , britain and west africa . there were also visits to the ‘world’s remotest distillery’ run by ex-pat brit paul heckling who produces among other drinks a spirit called tungi made from prickly pear and’ the world’s remotest coffee plantation’ run by another ex-pat bill bolton who decided to revive the bourbon arabica bushes originally brought over from yemen in 1732 . saint helena is also home to the ' world 's most remote distillery ' and the ' world 's remotest coffee plantation , ' both run by british ex-pats . then there was the small but excellent museum , the forts , batteries and cannons dotted around the place , the fine collection of st helena prints and drawings at prince’s lodge ( in pre-photography days ships had their own artists on board ) , the boer cemetery ( 6,000 were imprisoned here during the boer war but given freedom to work , trade and organise events ) and the plantation house grounds to see jonathan the tortoise who is at least 182 years old and probably the world’s oldest reptile . and finally i did what any self-respecting visitor has to do and climbed jacob’s ladder . once a tramway for hauling goods up the cliff side in the capital jamestown this is now a terrifyingly steep 600 ft high staircase of 699 steps . not wanting to risk passing out halfway up , i took it very slowly , pausing every 50 steps and reaching the top in 28 minutes . i was pretty puffed up with pride but quickly deflated when i learned the record stands at 5 minutes 11 seconds . discover the world ( 01737 214 291 ; www.discover-the-world.co.uk ) offers a 20-night self-drive holiday to st helena from now until march 2016 priced from £3,451pp ( two sharing ) including 10 nights on the ship , two nights in cape town and 8 nights bed & breakfast on the island . for more information about st helena , visit www.sthelenatourism.com . currently , the only way to reach the island is aboard the rms st. helena , learn more at www.rms-st-helena.com .  