a man has accidentally captured a bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours . melbourne-based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria , over the easter long weekend . when he checked the nine hours of footage , mr czerniecki stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle , which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . mr czerniecki has since contacted the local council and parks victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done , but he claims they 're unwilling to help . the disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . mr czerniecki told daily mail australia he had never spotted anything like it in eight months of using the trail cameras . ' i 've seen plenty of animals but never any dogs . it 's clear the kangaroo had a broken leg , and the dogs were just torturing it for such a long span of time . ' he said he has contacted parks victoria and the local council in hopes of tracking down the owners of the dogs . ' they were n't having a bar of it because it happened on a private property . i figure it ca n't be that hard to track down the owners in that area , ' he said . ' i think they should be told what the dogs were up to , but it 's clear the authorities are n't going to help . ' jon czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm . wildlife specialist tim faulkner said the kangaroo should have been able to escape the dogs and must have been ' suffering immensely ' . wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity , but the domestic origin of the dogs challenges this stereotype . wildlife specialist tim faulkner from the australian reptile park told 9 news he was disturbed by the video . ' i ca n't fathom that , he should be able to get away . no one likes to see animals suffer . we rationalise that by saying ' predators need to eat prey ' , ' he said . ' what we 're seeing there is immense suffering . ' mr czerniecki ( pictured ) has contacted the local council and parks victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done , but he claims they 're unwilling to help . wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity , but the domestic origin of the dogs challenges this stereotype . 