alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months . but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it . the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 — when he was playing well — with a near perfect stance . his front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump . compare that to the other picture from last week , in which his front foot is far too open . it means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump , and he does n't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself . alastair cook has been working on a new stance , but he appears to have overdone it against the west indies . england head coach peter moores and cook stand together during a nets session in grenada on monday . cook prepares to play a shot during a training session at the grenada national stadium in st georges . cook plays a shot during a training session at the grenada national stadium in st georges on monday . in this scenario , because his front foot is still landing as the ball is halfway down , he is forced to play the shot with his hands away from his body , which is when you 're most likely to nick the ball to the wicketkeeper or slips . he 's clearly trying to open up his shoulders — perhaps he felt a bit closed off last summer — but he moved his front foot way too far against the west indies and when you 're out of nick and under pressure , your movements become exaggerated . it 's important to note that in the second picture he has already started to move , making his footwork look worse than it is , but also that cook has never been a brilliant front-foot player . he 's at his best when he gets his movements out of the way early , giving him time to move to the pitch of the ball and bend his front knee into the drive . of course , when you 're in form you do n't think about these things . but this is the hardest thing to do . cook 's greatest asset is his mental strength , and what he needs to do in matches is give himself 20 minutes to get settled . after a few boundaries it 'll all come naturally . saying that , i saw him in the nets on sunday and he looked bloody good ! so do n't write him off yet . cook plays a shot during day one of the first test match between west indies and england last week . cook kicks out in frustration after being dismissed for 13 runs by a catch from sulieman benn on wednesday . 