a home video of a six-year-old boy taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has had more than one million hits in just a week – with no sign of global interest waning . the footage of jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . ' i 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says jesse , from kesgrave , suffolk , who is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills . scroll down for video . jesse o'brien , pictured with his mother heidi , has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis . a video of six-year-old jesse o'brien ( left ) taking his morning pills ( right ) to treat cystic fibrosis has gone viral . heidi , a nail technician , said her idea to provide encouragement with ‘likes’ on facebook from family and friends exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour . 'jesse’s been in and out of hospital his whole life with his cystic fibrosis , and i remembered once taking a picture to post on facebook and it lifting his spirits , ' heidi revealed . ' for the past two months jesse has been getting increasingly frustrated with the amount of medication he has to take , and last wednesday morning i had the brainwave to try the same trick . 'jesse’s always loved attention , so he agreed , i posted it up on facebook and youtube , then his dad took him to school . ' the footage of jesse ( pictured ) was taken by his mum heidi , 37 , last wednesday to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . it was only after putting their five-month-old son rocco down for a morning nap just over an hour later that heidi realised this time would be different . ' i was expecting ten or maybe 20 views and likes , but saw there were over 4,000 , ' she said . ' i remember staring at the my phone thinking there must be some mistake , so i called my husband chris , and he was as shocked as me . ' i sat there crying at how amazing it was to have so much support from complete strangers . i spent most of that day personally thanking everyone who’d posted words of encouragement . ' by the time heidi picked up jesse from heath primary school , they had more than 12,000 views . ' i told jesse the news when we got home and screamed and dived on the sofa – he was hysterically happy , which brought tears to my eyes , ' she says . by 7pm , around jesse’s bed time , there were over 70,000 hits , so jesse made a poster saying : ‘ oh my god , this will definitely help me take my meds ! ’ jesse lives at home with his mum and dad , siblings brooklyn randell , 14 , tigerlily o'brien , five , and new four-month-old arrival rocco o'brien ( pictured ) . jessie pictured with his sister tigerlily during a visit to legoland . his mum posted a picture of jesse holding that poster up on facebook as a way of saying thank you to all the well-wishers , realising she no longer had time to send individual messages of gratitude . by the time heidi and chris went to bed that evening they were up to 100,000 , then 200,000 by the end thursday . ' we made a poster each time we hit another 100,000 , but it was snowballing so fast by the time we were finishing one poster , we’d hit the next target – it was crazy , ' heidi says . ' of course jesse’s only six years old , so anything over 1,000 to him is incomprehensible , but he could tell by our reaction how this had gone viral . ' the video finally hit the one million mark exactly a week after heidi posted it , first thing on wednesday morning . ' we decided to post another video of jesse telling everyone in his own words as we had to show how much this meant , ' she says . ' since then i haven’t been able to tell how much more than one million we’ve gone to , because my phone can’t show a bigger number than one million – i’m going to have to upgrade my phone ! ' ' i 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says jesse , based in kesgrave , suffolk , who must take 45 pills every day to manage his condition . the family has received personal messages from all over the world , nigeria to canada to new zealand , and so many words of support from other families affected by cystic fibrosis . the family has received personal messages from all over the world , nigeria to canada to new zealand , and so many words of support from other families affected by cystic fibrosis . every day jesse has to take 45 different pills , use a nebuliser to administer more medication , on top of four 15-minute physio sessions.. . 'it’s crushing seeing him so upset at all this pain he has to go through , ' heidi says . 'it’s about three hours a day , and it’s only because he’s hit this more aware age that he’s protesting , and i honestly can’t blame him . ' but it’s my job as his mum to protect him as best i can against this terrible illness which we know will most likely take him from us in the not too distant future . ' jesse was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . the devastating genetic disorder hits the lungs and digestive system as they become clogged with thick sticky mucus . he was rushed to the royal london hospital and prescribed drugs to tackle the condition , a regime which has changed and grown with each passing year . ' because of the video he’s now fine with the pills , but he still hates using his nebuliser , ' heidi says . ' the trouble with cystic fibrosis is that it does n't show - you ca n't see it , so it’s harder to let people know something is wrong and to raise awareness and funds to find a cure for what is now an untreatable illness . ' people have said they’ve shown the video to their son or daughter who needs medication and it’s helped them a lot . others are saying `` wow , if he can take nine tablets , why ca n't mine ? '' ' jesse was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . jesse plays as a striker for woodbridge peckers and supports ipswich town , liverpool and barcelona . his dad , chris o'brien , 39 , a self-employed builder , said : ' i even forget he 's got cf a lot of the time . ' all my family say jesse is a true little fighter . they always say to me , `` you 're lucky he is how he is , because he will fight it '' . ' jesse lives at home with his siblings brooklyn randell , 14 , tigerlily o'brien , five , and new four-month-old arrival rocco o'brien . the family were given the bombshell after rocco’s birth that while he doesn’t have the condition , he carries the same faulty gene so will need have any prospective partner tested to avoid the very risk of their children having cystic fibrosis . ' we were told that if he’d born with cf 20 years ago his life expectancy would’ve been just ten , but because of medical developments that figure’s around 30 now , ' chris says . ' every year that goes by more advances are made , and we’re obviously doing everything we can to raise awareness and funds . we’re just taking each day as it comes . ' jesse , pictured as a toddler , was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . the devastating genetic disorder hits the lungs and digestive system as they become clogged with mucus . jesse plays as a striker for woodbridge peckers and supports ipswich town , liverpool and barcelona . james barrow , spokesman from the cystic fibrosis trust charity which has been supporting the family , says : ' it 's great to see young people like jesse raising awareness of cystic fibrosis . ' his video illustrates how young people living with the condition often have to undertake a lengthy and difficult regime on a daily basis just to keep well . ' to support children like jesse , text jesse to 70300 to donate £3 to the cystic fibrosis trust . cystic fibrosis is a life-limiting genetic condition . only half of those diagnosed with the illness live to celebrate their 40th birthday . it causes the internal organs , especially the lungs and digestive system , to become clogged with thick sticky mucus , resulting in chronic infections and inflammation of the lungs . cystic fibrosis directly affects around 10,000 people in the uk . the faulty gene is carried by over two million people in the uk , most of whom have no idea . if two carriers have children , there’s a one in four chance their child will have the condition , which slowly destroys the lungs and digestive system . people with cystic fibrosis often look perfectly healthy . but it poses a lifelong challenge involving daily intake of drugs , time-consuming physiotherapy and isolation from others with the condition . it places a huge burden on those around them and the condition can critically escalate at any moment . olivia and her family have been supported by the cystic fibrosis trust , which is in its 50th year . the charity aims to fundraise for better treatments and investment into cutting edge research so that people with cystic fibrosis can also look forward to their fiftieth birthdays . to donate to the charity or to find out more about the condition , visit their website here .