corinthian colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses , displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the us department of education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $ 30 million . in a statement sunday , the santa ana , california-based company said it was working with other schools to help students continue their education . the closures include heald college campuses in california , hawaii and oregon , as well as everest and wyotech schools in california , arizona and new york . corinthian was one of the country 's largest for-profit educational institutions . it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of us higher education . corinthian colleges , which was one of the country 's largest for-profit educational institutions and ran brands such as everest and heald , will close its schools after being fined $ 30million for misrepresenting job data . corinthian ceo jack massimino ( left ) blamed regulators for his company 's failure to sell its schools , which doubled revenue for the company up to $ 1.75billion between 2007 and 2011 . the education department contends that corinthian failed to comply with requests to address allegations of falsifying job placement data and altering grades and attendance records . it agreed to sell or close its campuses under pressure from the department . earlier in april , the department fined subsidiary heald college , alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data . in one instance , the company 's honolulu campus declared a student had found work in her chosen field of accounting , even though administrators knew she was working at taco bell , the department said . the department found more than 900 incidents of false placement rates that were trumpeted to potential students and officials accrediting the schools , according to the washington post . the department of education also alleged that corinthian would have staffing agencies temporarily hire its graduates so they could be counted as placements . most of the company 's former schools have been sold , and corinthian attempted to sell heald as well but was blocked by california attorney general kamala harris ' refusal to provide prospective buyers with a release from liability . the company itself had doubled in revenue to $ 1.75billion during the period between 2007 and 2011 due to jobseekers going back to school to get new skills , according to the los angeles times . it said sunday it had been in ' advanced negotiations ' with several parties to sell the 150-year-old college and allow outside partners to let everest and wyotech students continue their education but was unsuccessful . the institution sold many of its schools , though it failed to sell some after california attorney general kamala harris ( left ) did not give buyers release from liability . students at schools such as wyotech ( pictured ) generated $ 1.2billion in government loans in corinthian 's final year , though they now face the prospect of high debt and possibly meaningless degrees . ' unfortunately , the current regulatory environment would not allow us to complete a transaction with several interested parties that would have allowed for a seamless transition for our students , ' corinthian ceo jack massimino said in a statement . the company also defended its work , saying its graduation and job placement rates ' compared favorably with community colleges ' and that many of its students had n't been able to get their needs met at a traditional higher education institution . ' neither our board of directors , our management , our faculty , nor our students believe these schools deserved to be forced to close , ' massimino said . a group of current and former corinthian students are petitioning the education department to waive their federal student debt based on the alleged misconduct . roughly 400 corinthian students filed defense to repayment claims based on corinthian having broken the law . according to the company 's filings , the schools generated $ 1.2billion government loans its final year . though the shutdown had been anticipated , corinthian gave students , some of whom were scheduled to graduate in the coming months , no notice that its institutions would be closed on monday . ' it was very shocking to be told ' hey , tomorrow , no more school , ' alexandra roske , a student and single mother at heald college in salida , california , with $ 18,000 of student loan debt told kcra . transferring credits may be difficult , especially given the reputation that the credits from corinthian - and graduate 's degrees from the institution - have taken on in light of their school 's misdeeds . some have questioned why government officials allowed students to continue to enroll at the schools with their shutdown imminent . california regulators ordered the schools to stop taking on new students earlier this month after corinthian could not produce the required financial papers . the state 's department of consumer affairs will be holding meetings at some of the closed schools .