kayla mooney , 24 , was arrested after allegedly having a sexual relationship with a student during her first year of teaching at danbury high school . a 24-year-old high school science teacher who was arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student and providing him with alcohol appeared in court on monday . kayla mooney , of danbury , connecticut , was charged on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials . kayla mooney , who was in her first year teaching science at danbury high school turned herself in to police . the boy involved with mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year , which appear to be supported by emails between the pair . mooney was placed on administrative leave in february and has not commented on the allegations , according to cbs new york . though she appeared in danbury superior court on monday , her arraignment on charges of second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor was postponed because her attorney requested evidence from prosecutors . sal pascarella , the superintendent of schools , sent high school parents a message last month to inform them of the teacher 's arrest . ' we are all very disappointed that this has happened to one of our faculty members , ' pascarella said , but added : ' obviously , there is a whole process we have to go through with this investigation . at this point , these are allegations . ' kayla mooney , 24 , was seen leaving danbury superior court in monday after she was arrested for allegedly having sex with a student . mooney was allegedly busted after she complained to school administrators that the boy 's girlfriend was harassing her . the teacher was done in by emails she exchanged with the student , police allege . mooney , who grew up in danbury , attended north dakota state university and western connecticut state university . property records show she still lives with her family in danbury . she taught chemistry and physics classes at the school , the danbury daily voice reported . she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february , according to the news times . the first , sacred heart university instructor timothy leonard , was put on leave on february 11 after allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy in an suv parked in a movie theater parking lot . then a first-grade teacher , brian stroh , resigned from bethel elementary school on february 19 and has been charged with sexually abusing three children . he has been released on bail . after mooney complained the the boy 's girlfriend was harassing her , the school launched a seven-week investigation in which the boy told police about his sexual relationship last year with the science teacher .