barcelona ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp . the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain . rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash at the nou camp ... barcelona . marc-andre ter stegen 6.5 : called into action for the first time by zlatan ibrahimovic in the second half and dealt with the swede’s powerful drive well , before fielding an ezequiel lavezzi strike too . one of the quietest evenings he will have . dani alves 7.5 : wound back the years to give everyone a reminder of why he was considered the best right-back in the world . dazzling stepovers then a wicked cross for neymar to bury . david luiz takes on paris saint-germain ace javier pastore during their match at the nou camp . gerard pique 5 : had little to do but shanked a couple of clearances horribly , which is out of character for the defender . was also robbed by ibrahimovic , though it came to nothing . suffering a minor dip after a few months in which he has been at his very best . javier mascherano 6 : pique was the player assigned to deal with ibrahimovic and mascherano was left with little else to do , in a quiet evening for barcelona’s defence . javier mascherano reacts during barcelona 's champions league clash with psg at the nou camp . jordi alba 6 : didn’t bother rampaging forward like you often catch him doing in la liga . in theory that was to take care of edinson cavani , but the striker was extremely quiet . sergio busquets 7 : helped to snuff out the threat of zlatan ibrahimovic when the forward dropped into his midfield zone . started a few barcelona attacks with his usual eye for a quick pass . ivan rakitic 7.5 : contributed to barcelona’s high pressing , caging psg in their own final third . physically fit enough to get back and help out in his own defensive quarters too . in games like these . barcelona midfielder ivan rakitic holds off opposition midfielder pastore as the catalan side breezed through . andres iniesta 9 : has not quite found his best rhythm under luis enrique but his amazing dribble to set up neymar’s goal was pure iniesta . substituted at half-time for xavi . lionel messi 6.5 : stayed wide on the right for a long while , conserving energy . given his efforts against valencia at the weekend , and in general during an extremely busy month , he can be forgiven . when he contributed to the game , it was with his usual quality , and whipped a strike inches wide of the left post in stoppage time . argentinean wizard lionel messi dances his way through the barcelona defence as they cruise through . luis suarez 6.5 : extremely unselfish . the uruguayan did a lot of running and although it didn’t come to fruition on a personal level , he earned neymar acres of space and barcelona were rewarded . huge applause when he was substituted . neymar 9 : two clinical finishes here , and plenty of direct , dangerous running which makes him impossible to handle . final ball when trying to set up his team-mates sometimes needs a bit more precision , but that will come . brazilian neymar grabbed himself two goals as the la liga giants eased through to the next round . subs . xavi hernandez 6.5 : the camp nou relishes every chance it gets to see this old legend , before he heads off into the sun at the end of the season . ( by sun , read qatar , although a deal has not been finalised ) . sergi roberto 6 : a rare opportunity which was mainly useful for giving sergio busquets’ legs a rest . pedro rodriguez 6 : this could be one of his last appearances at the camp nou , but didn’t have time to show off . psg . salvatore sirigu 6 : could do nothing about the goals , but at least he had the perfect view of barcelona’s calculated , technically excellent display . gregory van der wiel 3.5 : lost neymar for the second goal – the brazilian was his man – and was made to look a fool by him and iniesta on more than one occasion . gregory van der wiel does his best to hold off the tackle of barcelona 's jordi alba at the nou camp . marquinhos 4.5 : his centre-back partner was in the spotlight for the goals , but he wasn’t even on the scene which was a crime in itself . far from commanding – psg would have looked a lot stronger had thiago silva been fit . david luiz 5 : it took less than three minutes for the brazilian to end up in the book , after fouling ivan rakitic . ten minutes later he was beaten for pace by neymar , who broke the deadlock and killed the tie . stepped up a gear in the second half – at least he cared . david luiz puts his head in where it hurts as psg take on barcelona at the nou camp on tuesday . maxwell 6 : excellent defending prevented messi from adding a third at the end . given how little of the ball psg had , it wasn’t an evening for showing off his attacking talents . marco verratti 6 : fired wide when well placed on the edge of the box in the second half . brought a bit of spice to proceedings , but it was far from sufficient for laurent blanc’s side . blaise matuidi 6 : verratti and luiz aside , looked like the only psg player who really , truly cared . put out a few fires , including a good tackle to halt a messi surge , but that didn’t help while the rest of the side were falling apart . blaise matuidi has all eyes on the ball as he comes up against barcelona 's alba during their clash . yohan cabaye 4 : the former newcastle midfielder’s presence on the pitch was barely noted . the game passed him by , so did iniesta . taken off after 66 minutes and deservedly so . javier pastore 3 : gave the ball away countless times in the first half . looked on a different , albeit not necessarily better , wavelength than the other psg players . ruined one break in the second half with an awful through-ball , which flew straight to ter stegen . pastore takes aim at barcelona 's goal as the ligue 1 giants do their best to get back into the game . edinson cavani 4 : another sad night for the forward . even before he was taken off , barcelona’s half-time substitute xavi had already had more touches of the ball than he had enjoyed in the entire game . totally out of the action . zlatan ibrahimovic 4.5 : the most danger he caused barcelona’s defence was a stay arm that caught mascherano square on the head . had a point to prove to the jeering barcelona fans but never looked like doing it . former barcelona striker zlatan ibrahimovic attempts to take the ball round argentinean mascherano . subs . lucas moura 6.5 : fired over the bar when well placed as the game neared its conclusion . but for an injury , would have started and could have caused alves some problems with more time . ezequiel lavezzi 6.5 : added a bit of pace , in place of cavani , which the team was missing up front . adrien rabiot 6 : maintained the status quo .