a young woman on reddit has shared a set of inspiring before and after images , which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally – but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation . aliesha peterson , 22 , detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145lbs to 127lbs – and enabled the alberta , canada , resident to gain a noticeably fitter , and much more muscular , physique , as well as an impressive six-pack . ' i can honestly say i am sooo thankful i started taking better care of myself [ sic ] , ' she wrote under her reddit name ahhhgodzilla . ' my progress has been fairly slow but , to me , the most important thing is that i did n't give up . ' scroll down for video . impressive results : aliesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 , left ; as of april 2015 , right , she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack . aliesha was n't always a fan of working out - and explained that she did n't start hitting the gym to look better in a bikini , either . ' i was extremely depressed and refusing to go back on anti-depressants , ' she explained . ' i went and saw a therapist , and she recommended that i join a gym and start working out three times a week . ' i reluctantly obliged and to be completely honest , i absolutely hated it . ' i hated how uncomfortable i felt there , that i obviously had no idea what i was doing . ' but after three months of sticking with it , she admitted that she started to ' somewhat enjoy it ' . aliesha 's routine is made up of exercises that focus on a different part of her body for each day of the week , and she will often do cardio on the weekends . her workouts include several sets of squats , bench presses , crunches , curls , and planks . on wednesdays , she works on her back , which she said is her favorite part of her body . her back exercises include deadlifts , hyperextensions , and chin ups . bringing sexy back : the 22-year-old says her back is her favorite part of her body , and she focuses on exercises to strengthen it every wednesday . ' before ' body : aliesha , pictured here in 2013 before she started exercising , was by no means overweight , but she has since become more toned by sticking to a demanding workout schedule . after about six months , aliesha started changing her eating habits , too . while she once stuck to an unhealthy diet which included fast food ' at least twice a day ' , she began cooking her own meals and choosing to eat healthy food . now , her diet consists of eggs , yogurt , fruit , chicken , seeds and nuts , green smoothies made with vegetables , protein shakes , turkey , and salmon . aliesha admits that her story is n't one of shocking rapid weight loss - but she says her slow progress is the reason she 's been so successful . ' i 'm sure if i completely changed my lifestyle all at once that my results would have been a lot more impressive in a much shorter amount of time , but it would not have been sustainable , ' she wrote . because she 's worked at a slow , steady pace , she 's been able to maintain her new figure - which has been a boon to her self-esteem . ' i am much more confident in my body , ' she told daily mail online . ' i no longer hate looking in the mirror and have learned to accept my flaws and am able to see the positive qualities i possess as well . ' barely-there biceps : in october 2013 , pictured , aliesha had only just started going to the gym to help her improve her depression . welcome to the gun show : pictured this month , aliesha 's arms have grown much more muscular ; she says she now loves going to the gym . of course , aliesha added , it is n't always easy to maintain the motivation to work out five to seven days a week , but sticking to a routine has helped . ' i truly believe the key to bettering yourself is to cultivate and preserve healthy habits , ' she continued . ' the first few months are the hardest , but once you make it through that stage it becomes a lot less painful , and you may even learn to enjoy it like i have . ' she is also enjoying what working out has done for her mental health . ' while i still struggle with depression , it is much , much less severe , ' she said . ' instead of laying in bed all day crying , letting it consume me , i get up and do things - go to the gym , do yoga , walk my dogs , see friends . ' the best part of getting into this routine has definitely been the mental change , ' she concluded . ' my friends and family have all noticed the difference , my relationships are stronger , i feel better about myself , and i 'm constantly striving for self improvement . '