marks and spencer 's first clothes sales rise for four years has today been credited to its fashion supremo belinda earl , the former saturday shopgirl parachuted in to turn round the business . the married mother-of-two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum before she won the make-or-break style director role at m & s in september 2012 . today it appears that her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales , which is mainly women 's clothes , up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses . mrs earl is also the woman behind the retailer 's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business . sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges , like those promoted by m & s models rosie huntington-whiteley and david gandy . on trend : m & s fashion chief belinda earl , left , has been credited with helping bring in a number of sales hits , including the much lusted after suede skirt worn here by alexa chung , which is out this month . increase : m & s stars rosie huntington-whiteley and david gandy have also helped increase sales with their own ranges - with miss huntington-whiteley 's bras proving particularly successful in the last quarter . miss huntington-whiteley 's £25 padded bra and mr gandy 's luxury underwear ranges helped push up clothing sales 0.7 per cent in the post-christmas period . the £199 brown suede skirt , based on a 1970’s m & s classic , has been worn by a-listers including alexa chung and olivia palermo and received worldwide coverage . mrs earl said : ‘ when i first saw the skirt , i knew it would be a popular style for us though the support and excitement we have received has exceeded expectations ' . announcing the sales rise today , under pressure boss marc bolland said it proved ' we have been bang on trend ' . belinda earl began her career aged 16 as a saturday girl at debenhams and after a brief stint as a harrods trainee she moved back , and up the ranks , to become ceo before moving to jaeger and then m & s . belinda began her career aged 16 as a saturday girl at debenhams and after a brief stint as a harrods trainee she moved back , and up the ranks , to become ceo . after running aquascutum and jaeger she was parachuted in as style director , in a bid to try to end the sales slump . belinda spent her first two months talking to women shoppers , and they told her they want quality from m & s . she wrote for mailonline last year : ' we believe that provenance and integrity are key . best of british is made in 20 uk factories – we have got cloth from yorkshire and cheshire , outerwear from manchester and footwear from northamptonshire . we sell the range from our flagship .com site and in five uk stores . ' we are wholeheartedly committed to seeing these innovations through . why ? because this is how the british fashion industry distinguishes itself . because customers love it . because it’s our heritage . and because it makes great business sense ' . today experts said the sales growth in the key womenswear sector , where m & s competes with next and primark , shows the retailer may have been turned round . the high street giant 's growth came as sales in its popular food halls also rose in the 13 weeks to march 28 , mainly thanks to record valentine 's day sales . it said customers had responded to changes in ' product quality and styling ' and it sold more full-price items , especially from its luxury ranges . new york socialite and fashion blogger olivia palermo , who shot to fame on us reality show the city as an apprentice at fashion house diane von furstenberg , debuted the m & s suede skirt at new york fashion week . m & s also saw a 13 per cent rise in online sales - after a year of struggles for its new website , which cost millions to develop and will have helped increase clothing sales for the first time in 44 months . m & s clothes were put firmly in the headlines by the arrival of a controversial suede skirt , which has divided opinion . marks called it ' iconic ' in its trading update . it does n't go on sale until 10 april , but m & s said the huge amount of interest it has generated has driven extra traffic to its online store . it has been named item of the season and been worn by celebrities such as alexa chung and olivia palermo . it is not cheap with a £199 price tag . the m & s share price rose 20p as the london stock exchange opened this morning - taking them above £5.50 . chief executive marc bolland said : ' we have made strong progress over the quarter . in food we delivered another excellent performance , with sales growth ahead of the market . ' we continued to deliver on general merchandise gross margin , and are pleased that we have achieved this whilst also improving general merchandise sales . m & s.com has returned to growth , as planned , with further improvement in customer metrics . ' turnaround : for the last 14 financial quarters m & s ' general merchandise sales - which is mainly women 's clothing - had fallen - but today m & s announced they had returned to growth . on the up : food sales were also up after m & s enjoyed a record valentine 's day period , especially on it dine-in deals and flowers . chief executive bolland has been trying to turn around its clothes division for some time and has spent heavily on adverts , which have included the likes of model rosie huntington-whiteley and celebrity myleene klass . m & s ' use of stars such as huntington-whiteley and david gandy appears to have paid off . rosie for autograph , the retailer 's luxury range , sold nearly 400,000 items over the quarter , up 108 per cent on the year – and the bestseller was her £25 padded bra . sales in boots , blouses and formal jackets were also big sellers , again in the autograph ranges . in the food hall the m & s sold 830,000 £20 valentine’s day dine-in deals , more of its healthy count on us ready meals and also had a record mother 's day for flowers and plants . experts had a mixed response to today 's news . bryan roberts , retail analyst at kantar , said : ' womenswear needs to be consistently better across the whole range . the occasional screamer into the top corner does n't negate smashing the ball over the bar for the last four years . ' previous poor sales were blamed on poor weather and problems with their new multi-million pound website and strong growth from rivals primark and next had caused them problems . it suffered a nightmare black friday and problems over the christmas period after its new online distribution centre failed to cope with demand , resulting in no next day deliveries and longer waits for customers . its progress in clothing was partly disrupted by more stock going into the christmas sale as a result of the unseasonal conditions through the autumn and winter season . analysts had expected the retailer 's general merchandise unit to report a 1.2 % fall in like-for-like sales . the firm also said that its online sales returned to growth of 13.8 % , with its traffic numbers and customer satisfaction ratings continuing to improve since distribution problems impacted christmas trading . the retailer said the specialist positioning of its food business continued to deliver results in a deflationary market , caused by ongoing supermarket price wars . the business said it introduced over 350 new products during the period .