patrick bamford enhanced middlesbrough’s automatic promotion bid by equalling the club’s record goal return of the modern era . bamford , the on-loan chelsea forward , struck his 15th of the campaign , to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season . no one has scored more in the 16 intervening years . his deflected 20th-minute effort was enough to earn victory over relegation-threatened wigan , who now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one football just two years after shocking manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley . middlesbrough striker patrick bamford , on loan from chelsea , scores the opening goal via a deflection . bamford celebrates his 17th goal of the season , the fourth that he has scored in his last four games . middlesbrough : konstantopoulos , kalas , woodgate , gibson , friend , clayton , leadbitter , reach , bamford , adomah , vossen . subs : tiendalli , amorebieta , garcia , tomlin , ripley , whitehead , forshaw . wigan : al habsi , boyce , maguire , pearce , bong , pennant , perch , kim , mcclean , clarke , murphy . subs : carson , mccann , ojo , barnett , fortune , waghorn , kvist jorgensen . referee : stuart attwell . despite being five points adrift of safety , the lancashire club arrived with an impressive away record , having taken 21 of their 35 points away from the dw stadium and winning their last four games on the road . however , no second-tier side have taken more points on their own turf than middlesbrough and bamford made it nine victories in 10 attempts at the riverside . it was from a classic counter-attack that aitor karanka’s team took the lead . a wigan free-kick invoked panic in the home penalty area as dimi konstantopoulos dropped a high ball at the feet of leon clarke , whose instinctive prod goalwards then fortuitously struck the middlesbrough goalkeeper . but boro seized on the loose ball and within seconds they had scored . adam clayton’s pass utilised albert adomah’s pace and boro were lucky when jelle vossen’s heavy touch from a right-wing cross set up bamford . he curled his shot goalward from 20 yards and a slight deflection off wigan defender jason pearce took it beyond the grasp of his goalkeeper ali al-habsi . jonathan woodgate plays the ball out of defence as middlesbrough looked in control for long periods . albert adomah gets dow the outside of josh murphy as middlesbrough continued their promotion push . despite bamford stealing the limelight , however , middlesbrough head coach aitor karanka praised the effort of his team . ‘ it was a very important win and performance , especially second half . the most important thing is to win the games , to rest well and to think about monday’s game , ’ said karanka . ‘ everything is going to be tighter . everyone is playing for something . wigan were playing to stay up and i think in all games someone has something to play for , so every game will be difficult . ‘ everyone was tired after bournemouth and there were a lot of games in february and march . now after the break our heads are fresh and we have four games in the next two weeks . ‘ we have experienced players and a lot of games coming up now , monday and saturday . there are six games to go and we need all of the players . ‘ patrick scored the goal but there were other players who contributed all around the field . ’ bamford is mobbed by his team-mates after the goal that sent boro back to the top of the league . malky mackay 's side remain adrift in the relegation zone after a third defeat in their last five games . wigan pressed hard for an equaliser after the break and it took a strong right hand from konstantopoulos to keep out substitute marc-antoine fortune’s effort just after the hour . ‘i’m really disappointed that we didn’t get something out of the game , ’ said wigan manager malky mackay . ‘ we deserved something . ‘ especially in the second half we went toe to toe with middlesbrough , one of the best teams in the division , and i am disappointed for my players for the courage they showed . ’ adam clayton brings down james perch , but wigan never really threatened to take the points off their hosts . things got particularly nervy in injury time when wigan — with four up front — were camped deep in home territory . boro had their own chances to seal a more comfortable win but adomah volleyed wide at the climax of a stunning team move and substitute lee tomlin , who coame on for vossen in the 67th minute , failed to get sufficient contact on a close-range effort seconds after entering the action . tomlin wasted another opportunity deep into injury time when he slalomed his way down the field on a breakaway but his shot came off the heel of covering defender harry maguire . but all boro cared about was the three points . 