abc is filming a pilot episode of the muppet show , in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen . the network has asked big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival , which would see the return of kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and other old favorites . new muppets tv content has n't been since since muppets tonight ended in 1998 , though old episodes have been re-run extensively and several movies have been filmed . scroll down for video . light the lights ? kermit the frog and miss piggy could be back on tv screens soon if a planned pilot of a rebooted muppets show proves a success . a ' proof of concept ' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already , abc confirmed to dailymail.com . filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank , california - and will see some original muppet puppeteers take the reins again . the episode will start with muppets stalwarts including kermit , fozzie and gonzo gathering at abc studios in the hope of getting the new show off the ground . but the cuddly characters will apparently have a problem to solve - miss piggy has n't agreed to join in , and is reluctant to get involved so long as she is going through a rough patch with her on-off lover kermit . details of the new episode were first reported by the hollywood reporter . gang 's all here : the new series will feature a host of favorites including gonzo , bottom right , fozzie bear , center right , animal , top center , and rowlf the dog , top left . sources told them new characters including a girlfriend and in-laws for fozzie bear could also be on the way . bob kushell , who has credits from the simpsons , malcolm in the middle and 3rd rock from the sun , has been named as the second co-writer alongside prady . randall einhorn , who worked on the office and has directed episodes of it 's always sunny in philadelphia is set to be the new muppets showrunner . dream team : bill prady , left , and bob kushell , center , are set to be the new writers for the show , with randall einhorn , right , as showrunner . the muppet show was originally produced in britain , as american studio heads did not take to the early pitches . its characters had appeared as extras in other shows , including sesame street , before getting their own tv series . the muppet show ran from 1976-81 , and the muppets tonight ran from 1996-98 .