disabled children can face a lot of challenges - but one photographer from washington wants to make sure they recognize that they all have a super-human ability to conquer any challenge set before them . for the superhero project , renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . ' i think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as `` less '' in some ways , ' mrs. bergeron , who also has a parenting blog , recently told the mighty . 'let’s face it , though — these kids are all fighters . the obstacles they overcome daily just to cope in our world ought to make us all see them as superheroes . ' caped crusader : avery , pictured , was photographed for renee bergeron 's superhero project ; avery was born prematurely , has had multiple brain surgeries , and has a feeding tube in her stomach . powerful shots : mila , left , suffers from speech disorders , while mordecai , right , was diagnosed with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and has several missing fingers and toes . mrs. bergeron 's first little superhero subject was her own son , apollo , now four . apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and , in addition to undergoing several medical procedures and surgeries , had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age . despite his health problems and the tube protruding from his stomach , when apollo was two , mrs. bergeron said , he would pose for pictures with ' such strength and confidence ' . his mother knew that one day apollo might feel self-conscious about the tube , so she wanted to document him looking strong and proud , in the hopes that the images might inspire him to feel that way again later on in life . proud princess : victoria , pictured , was born with congenital femoral deficiency , which affects her legs , hips , and knees . super cute : mrs. bergeron 's son apollo , left , was her first subject ; melanie , right , is autistic , epileptic , and has sensory processing disorder . after speaking to other moms of children with special needs on facebook , mrs. bergeron decided to take similarly empowering photographs of more disabled children . in 2013 , she began working on the the superhero project , taking pictures of children with physical disabilities , autism , and sensory disorders free of charge . after apollo , she photographed avery , a little girl born prematurely who underwent multiple brain surgeries , melanie , a four-year-old with autism and epilepsy , and cody , a red-headed boy with down syndrome . tough cookie : mrs. bergeron says she ' seriously fell in love with ' cody , pictured , who has down syndrome , sensory processing disorder , and speech apraxia . watch out , bad guys : avi , pictured , faces ' a variety of sensory and social challenges ' , but is still ' vivacious and full of life ' . ' my hope is that we can spread awareness about special needs , while giving encouragement to families through the gift of professional photography , ' she explained on her website . she continued : ' while their special needs are what brought them to the shoot , i wanted the images to capture their individual spirits . ' mrs. bergeron and her husband , chuck , also have 13other children , nine of whom are biological and five of whom are adopted . apollo , born in june 2010 , is their youngest child .