a maryland father and his seven children were discovered dead monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by a generator they were using after the power company had cut off their electricity , according to relatives . the tragic incident took place in princess anne - a community of 3,260 in somerset county , maryland . princess anne police told daily mail online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths . scroll down for videos . family wiped out : eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess anne , maryland , home monday afternoon . deceased father : relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney todd sr , 36 , pictured left and right . tynijuiza todd , 15 , ( left ) and her 12-year-old sister tykira ( right ) are believed to have perished in the carbon monoxide accident . eldest : todd 's eldest son cameron , 13 , is pictured with his sister , 15-year-old tynijuiza . birthday boy : on march 10 , todd posed for a photo with his son , 7-year-old zycheim ( left and right ) , saying his birthday was coming up soon . tynijuiza todd and all of her sisters perished in the carbon monoxide poisoning . police chief scott keller confirmed to delmarva now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16 , but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin . bonnie and lloyd edwards , encountered outside the home by a reporter from the associated press , identified themselves as the mother and stepfather of rodney todd , 36 , whom they identified as the adult who died . they said todd had seven children , including five girls and two boys . bonnie edwards identified the children as boys cameron todd , 13 , and zycheim todd , 7 ; and girls tynijuiza todd , 15 ; tykira todd , 12 ; tybree todd , 10 ; tyania todd , 9 ; and tybria todd , 6 . officers who responded to the home in the 30500 block of antioch avenue entered the residence and found the eight family members dead inside . officers observed that a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . the home had no electricity . chief keller said they knew at once ' there were n't any live people in there . ' stephanie wells , rodney todd 's supervisor at university of maryland-eastern shore food services , said she last spoke to him march 28 . chief keller confirmed that the man and his children were last heard from on the last saturday of march . horrified : a woman looks away as bodies of the family of eight are removed from a house . grieving : lloyd edwards , left , and bonnie edwards , the stepfather and mother of rodney todd stand outside the home where todd and his seven children found dead monday . welfare check : officers responded to the house in the 30500 block of antioch avenue after getting a call from the father 's employer saying he had not shown up for work monday morning . lloyd edwards said police told them todd had died . ' it was disbelief , ' he said . ' it 's so hard . how can you understand something like that ? ' mr edwards also revealed that delmarva power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill . matt likovich , a spokesman for delmarva power , would not say monday night whether the power had been cut off . he said the matter was being investigated . edwards said , ' to keep his seven children warm , [ todd ] bought a generator . it went out and the carbon monoxide consumed them . ' according to accuweather.com , on march 29 temperatures dropped overnight into the mid-20s , with highs in the 40s . bonnie edwards described her son as a loving , caring young man who set an example for his children . ' i do n't know anyone his age who would have done what he did ' for his children , she said . ' i was so proud to say he took care of seven kids . ' according to the us centers for disease control and prevention , carbon monoxide is found in fumes produced any time you burn fuel in cars or trucks , small engines , stoves , lanterns , grills , fireplaces , gas ranges , or furnaces . the harmful gas can build up indoors and poison people and animals who breathe it . the most common symptoms of co poisoning are headache , dizziness , weakness , upset stomach , vomiting , chest pain , and confusion . co symptoms are often described as 'flu-like . ' more than 400 americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide . sheets are held as a body is removed from a residence where a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel . the local chief of police said his officers knew at once they will not found anyone alive inside the house . silent killer : stunned neighbors look an as police probe the co accident . more than 400 americans die each year from exposure to carbon monoxide .