the los angeles angels of anaheim are so desperate to rid themselves of major league baseball star josh hamilton that they might decide to pay almost $ 70million for him to play for another team . hamilton , who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february , is going to be sent back to his former team , the texas rangers , according to reports . he has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4 , about the same time he filed for divorce from real housewives of orange county star katie hamilton . scroll down for video . the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for josh hamilton to play in texas . josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february after they celebrated ten years together . the 33-year-old ( pictured ) was an all star during a five-year span with the texas rangers from 2008 until 2012 . the 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five-year $ 125million deal he signed with the angels in 2012 . in order for the angels to rid themselves of hamiton , they would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract , according to mlb.com . the rangers are only willing to pay around $ 15million to hamilton and do not want to give up any players in a trade with los angeles , sports illustrated reported . the angels would effectively be paying $ 68million for hamilton to play in texas . yahoo mlb columnist jeff passan said on twitter : ' angels wanted josh hamilton gone and are paying ~ $ 65m to make it happen . ' rangers get a $ 15m lottery ticket that could be worth much more . ' details of the trade and/or buyout are still being negotiated but an announcement is expected in the next few days unless things fall apart . hamilton is no longer allowed to see any of his daugthers without supervision , according to court records . if it goes through , the rangers will happily welcome hamilton back . shortstop elvis andrus said : ' he is a player who can help everybody . the deal could stall , but hamilton is likely going back to texas . he won mvp there in 2010 . ' he is a guy that we know . when he is at his best , we know what he can do . ' it 's not the first time something happened with him outside the field . ' we all did a great job here having his back and supporting him . ' as long as he shows up and plays hard , i will always have his back . ' hamilton had been spending the offseason in houston recovering from surgery to repair the ac joint in his right shoulder when reports began to surface about his drug relapse . he is still rehabbing from the procedure and could return in may . during his time with texas , hamilton hit .305 with 142 home runs , 506 rbis and a .549 slugging percentage . the rangers are willing to pay around $ 15million to hamilton and wo n't give up any players to los angeles . hamilton filed for divorce from wife katie in february , around the same time he self-reported a cocaine and alcohol relapse . they married in 2004 and have three daughters together , but court documents show hamilton is not allowed to see them without supervision . katie , who will appear on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county when it airs this summer , has a daughter from a previous relationship . the divorce petition only cited ' conflict ' as the reason for the split . the veteran outfielder was suspended for three seasons between 2003-05 for well-documented issues with substance abuse and undergoes regular drug testing as a condition of his reinstatement into baseball in 2005 . the slugger beat his early addiction problems and became one of the game 's most feared hitters over a five-year span with the texas rangers from 2008-12 . hamilton was named an american league all-star in each of those seasons and captured the al mvp award in 2010 . mlb officials thought hamilton violated his treatment with the relapse , but the players ' association disagreed . the hamiltons , pictured last year , have not listed the reasons behind their divorce , citing only ' conflict ' . mlb officials thought hamilton violated his treatment program with the recent relapse , but the players ' association disagreed . after league and union representatives were unable to reach an agreement in the case , an arbitrator was called in . the arbitrator said hamilton did not violate terms of the agreement , although the reasoning behind the decision was not divulged . major league baseball released a statement saying it disagreed with the arbitrator 's decision . when the decision was announced , angels general manager jerry dipoto said : ' the angels have serious concerns about josh 's conduct , health and behavior and we are disappointed that he has broken an important commitment which he made to himself , his family , his teammates and our fans , ' ' we are going to do everything possible to assure he receives proper help for himself and for the well-being of his family . ' plagued by injuries last season , hamilton had only 381 at-bats and posted ten home runs , 44 runs batted in and a .263 batting average . he has a career batting average of .292 , has hit as many as 43 home runs in a season ( 2012 ) and in 2008 drove in a league-leading 130 runs . during his time with the rangers , hamilton batted .305 with 142 home runs , 506 rbis and a .549 slugging percentag .