a 17-year-old girl arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three-year-old child was found at a north las vegas home will not face criminal charges . the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services , said clark county district attorney steve wolfson . ' this child is a victim in this case and can best receive appropriate and necessary services through the dependency court system and family services , ' wolfson said in a statement . scroll down for video . jondrew megil lachaux ( left ) , 39 , an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips ( right ) , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home . north las vegas police officer aaron patty said the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on monday to the custody of clark county child protective services . police in north las vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl 's mother , kellie cherie phillips , 38 , a man she described as her stepfather , jondrew magil lachaux , 39 , and the discovery of the couple 's three-year-old daughter dead in the back seat of a broken-down car in the garage of a home on wood thrush place . phillips and lachaux have six children together while the teenager is from another relationship . lachaux , an ex-convict , was arrested april 7 and phillips was arrested april 8 on allegations that they abandoned the teenager and the toddler in a north las vegas house and took their other five children to oakland , california . the other children — ages one , four , seven , eight and nine — were found with phillips in good health . they have been placed in the custody of family services . lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant , but she did not know , reports the review journal . phillips and lachaux , who are not married , were being held pending court appearances this week on felony charges of child abuse . the teen told police that her mother did n't know she was pregnant with lachaux 's child when the rest of the family left last year in a crowded rental car . she said she gave birth at home last november with no medical care . the girl told police her sickly three-year-old sister died several weeks ago , and that lachaux returned to the house in late march and moved the decomposing corpse to an old mercedes sedan parked in the garage , covering the corpse with old pizza boxes . a police swat team broke into the couple 's house ( above ) and discovered the corpse of the three-year-old girl . lachaux kicked the teen out of the house , police said , and she lived for several days in public places including the las vegas strip and mccarran international airport before someone noticed the sick baby and summoned authorities . the infant is recovering after being hospitalized in critical condition for severe malnutrition and hypothermia , police said . the girl told investigators the child survived on watered-down baby formula . records show that lachaux served prison time in nevada from june 2006 to august 2008 on a coercion conviction and that he and phillips were involved in a legal dispute in reno 's family court until 2010 .