newport gwent dragons reached the european challenge cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over cardiff blues . tries from wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from tom prydie and dorian jones and two prydie conversions brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory . scrum-half lloyd williams , fly-half gareth anscombe and number eight josh navidi crossed for the blues , while anscombe added three conversions . dragons replacement nic cudd powers over for try against cardiff at rodney parade . the draw could not have set-up a more mouth-watering welsh clash than this encounter between the old rivals , with an away trip to either london irish or edinburgh the reward for the victors . cardiff held the upper hand historically , having won the challenge cup in 2010 when beating french outfit toulon 28-21 , while the furthest the dragons had gone in europe 's second tournament was the semi-final stage . the blues fielded a lot of their big guns , including wales captain sam warburton , while the home region curiously left star british lions number eight taulupe faletau on the bench . the visitors came out of the blocks with a blast , forcing the dragons onto the defensive over their own line . from the attacking scrum five , the ball found its way to williams to cross by the post and make anscombe 's conversion easy . cardiff blues scrum half lloyd williams crashes over for a blues try in the first half . prydie reduced the arrears when landing a long-range penalty but the dragons suffered the loss of international ace andrew coombs with a bad leg injury , bringing faletau into the fray to the loud cheers of the crowd . it was a real cut and thrust affair but the blues played with far more cohesion and they came up trumps again when , again from a scrum five , the ball went to anscombe who drove through weak tackling to the line and again converted . the dragons did themselves no favours with an average kicking game as the blues found the spaces and pushed them back . the dragons sqaud are overjoyed after they were awarded a penalty try . but the home side pulled themselves back to within four points of the blues at half-time when amos was put away by scrum-half jonathan evans under the posts , with prydie converting . a thorn in the dragons side was opposition wing alex cuthbert , who forced the home defence into multiple tackles - including one from full-back jason tovey , whose thumping hit prevented a possible runaway touchdown . the dragons took it to the blues after the break as an attacking line-out set up a series of thrusts to the visiting line before cudd saw a gap and went over just seconds after coming on for flanker james thomas . cardiff players sam warburton ( left ) , matthew rees ( cebtre ) and josh turnbull walk off the pitch at full-time . prydie 's conversion hit the post but the home side were on top and went in front for the first time when a clearance attempt a few metres from his line by lloyd williams was charged down and , as it crossed the line , a try was infringed . referee jp doyle had no hesitation in running under the posts for a penalty try , easily converted by prydie - with williams earning 10 minutes in the bin . a penalty from dorian jones further increased the dragons ' lead - but the vsitors would not give up . from a series of scrums on the home line , navidi picked up and went by the posts with anscombe 's conversion reducing the deficit to four points . however , the dragons survived an onslaught in the dying minutes to hold on for the victory . 