tim visser wants to end his edinburgh career lifting european silverware at the ground he will call home next season . the final of the european challenge cup is now tantalisingly within reach for alan solomons’ side after their heroic quarter-final triumph over london irish . only newport gwent dragons stand in their way in what will be a tough semi-final at bt murrayfield in a fortnight . should the scots prevail , they will head for twickenham stoop - home of harlequins for whom winger visser signed a two-year deal this month . tim visser was a key player in edinburgh 's dramatic win over london irish at the madejski stadium . ‘ the stoop is going to be my future home ground and it would be great to get to know it by playing a final there , ’ he said . ‘ for that to be one of my final games for edinburgh and to pick up silverware would make things pretty special , really emotional and a great end to my time at the club . ‘ helping edinburgh bring the first major trophy back home would be the perfect way to give back something to the club , to repay them for all they have done through the years , all the good friends i have made , all the good memories . ’ scotland cap visser was one of edinburgh’s key men in the dramatic win at the madejski stadium . he played a crucial role in a mighty rearguard action when he joined the scrum as a flanker following the sin-binning of prop john andress . visser is hopeful he can end his edinburgh career at the ground he will call home from next season . and it is the strength of character shown in those closing minutes that has convinced him the season will end with silverware and a top-six spot in the pro12 . ‘ that was an unbelievable win and you can’t under-estimate its significance , ’ he said . ‘ i was at the scrum in the end and the way dicko ( alasdair dickinson ) held up their player when he went over the line in that final minute showed the desire we had to come away with a win . ‘ the way we defended in those final moments shows the fight of the boys to get underneath the ball at the end and keep them out . edinburgh will have to see off newport gwent dragons if they are to reach the final at the stoop . ‘ the edinburgh of old would have probably let that through and we would have lost . ‘ we work hard for each other . that is exactly what you saw at the end of the game . our aim is to finish in the top six and to lift the european challenge cup . both are definitely on . ’ 