egypt 's former president mohammed morsi has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 . but a court in the country 's capital cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty . fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail . scroll down for video . jailed : egypt 's former president mohamed morsi ( pictured at an court appearance in december ) has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 . but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters during the december 5 , 2012 clashes outside the presidential palace in cairo . defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions . morsi , egypt 's first freely elected leader , came to power following the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak in a popular uprising . but after just a year in power , morsi was himself toppled by then-army chief and now president abdel fattah al-sisi following mass street protests . morsi 's muslim brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in a government crackdown that has seen hundreds killed and thousands thrown in jail . other brotherhood leaders have been sentenced to death and tuesday 's decision to acquit morsi on the incitement to murder charge was unexpected . ' this is a surprise ... we were expecting them to be convicted of murder , ' ramy ghanem , a lawyer for an anti-morsi protester who was wounded in the clashes , told afp . buses were set ablaze during 2012 clashes between opponents and supporters of the muslim brotherhood in the mediterranean coastal city of alexandria . ' but the sentences are not bad . we were expecting life in prison , but then 20 years is not very different , ' he said . a life sentence in egypt is 25 years . hundreds of morsi supporters have been sentenced to death in speedy mass trials which the united nations has called ' unprecedented in recent history ' . earlier this month , a cairo court confirmed death sentences for muslim brotherhood leader mohamed badie and 13 others over protest violence . the brotherhood had called for protests in support of morsi on tuesday . ' the coup commander is exploiting the judiciary , ' it said in a statement ahead of the verdict , referring to sisi . it said the president was using the courts ' as a weapon in the battle against the popular will and the democratic and revolutionary legitimacy represented by president mohamed morsi . ' morsi is facing two other trials in which he could face the death penalty , including one that sees him accused of spying for foreign powers . verdicts in those two cases are due on may 16 . sisi has vowed to ' eradicate ' the brotherhood , an 85-year-old movement that topped successive polls between mubarak 's fall and morsi 's presidential election victory in may 2012 . supporters and opponents of the muslim brotherhood clashed during 2012 street battles in the mediterranean coastal city of alexandria . the authorities designated it a ' terrorist group ' in december 2013 , making even verbal expressions of support punishable by stiff jail terms . the crackdown sparked a fierce backlash including from jihadist groups , who have claimed a string of deadly attacks on security forces . officials say more than 500 police and soldiers have been killed in attacks since morsi was overthrown . sisi was elected president in may last year , but he faced no serious challengers and - in a country where the army has been in power for decades - his victory dashed hopes raised by mubarak 's ouster of a civilian democracy . sisi 's regime is popular among many egyptians tired of political turmoil and seeking stability and economic growth . but sisi has been accused of repression and his crackdown has also targeted secular and liberal activists who spearheaded the 2011 uprising against mubarak . in november , a court dropped murder charges against mubarak in his own trial over the deaths of hundreds of protesters in 2011 .