an ohio woman discovered that her biological mother worked at the same company as her and lived only six minutes away . the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month , allowing people their first access to the information . after receiving her records in the mail , la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , of youngstown , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life . she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at . la-sonya mitchell-clark ( left ) of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons ( right ) after the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month . ' ever since i found out that i was adopted i wanted to know who my biological mother was , ' mitchell-clark told wytv . and after connecting the dots , she realized her mother was closer than she could imagine . ' there 's a francine that works at my job , ' she said after finding the woman on facebook . ' she works in vr and she works at the front desk . ' she reached out to friends on social media who knew simmons and the next day she got a phone call from her birth mother . ' she called me and i said , `` is this ms . francine ? '' she said , yes . i said , `` i think i 'm your daughter '' , ' mitchell-clark said about the first time the women spoke . and , as it turns out , the mother and daughter live just six minutes away from one another in youngstown . simmons said she was ' still in shock ' from finding out about her daughter , who she always wanted to contact but never knew how . mitchell-clark ( left ) reached out through social media to speak with simmons ( right ) and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call . they found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another . mitchell-clark also found out that she had three biological younger sisters . two of the sisters , kamala ( left ) and maisha ( right ) cummings , said that the reunion was ' a relief ' and ' amazing ' for their family . ' i got pregnant when i was 14 . i had her when i was 15 . i was put in a home , a girl 's home . had her . got to hold her . did n't get to name her , but i named her myself in my heart all these years , ' simmons told wytv . mitchell-clark also found out that she has three younger sisters she did n't know about . simmons 's daughter kamala cummings said that meeting mitchell-clark has been ' a sense of relief ' for her family , particularly for her mother . ' it 's just amazing that all this time we 're thinking about her and trying to find her and she was trying to find us , too , ' maisha cummings , another daughter of simmons , told wytv . mitchell-clark said that her adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search for her biological parents . ' ( they 've ) always encouraged me to look for them . they 're going to be a part of this , too , ' she said .