two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in sydney 's east . at about 10.30pm on saturday night , police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on mcpherson street in botany . police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . scroll down for video . police officers have shut down an enormous 1000 rave on mcpherson street in botany , sydney . botany officers received calls to an abandoned industrial area in sydney 's east where a rave was occurring . on police officer was hit by a bottle and was taken to hospital to have glass removed from his head . they were forced to use capsicum spray on partygoers after the crowd became violent . the male officer was treated at the scene and later had a piece of glass removed from is head at the prince of wales hospital . according to nsw police media police were assisted by back up officers as well as the riot squad and dog squads . after further safety concerns , public order , operations support group and traffic and highway patrol were also in attendance . after further safety concerns , public order , operations support group and highway patrol also attended . most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily , but a number began to throw glass bottles . a number of the partygoers were treated by ambulance paramedics for minor capsicum spray contamination . most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily , but a number began to throw glass bottles , forcing police to resort to capsicum spray . a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer . she is being interviewed by police at botany bay police station . a number of the partygoers were treated by ambulance paramedics for minor capsicum spray contamination . police are currently investigating whether the party was advertised on social media .      