the fa cup , the oldest knockout football competition in the world , is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal . in a move that will upset traditionalists , the fa are understood to have secured a three-year contract with emirates airlines . the deal , due to be rubber-stamped by the fa board on thursday , is believed to be worth at least £10million a year — but comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition . arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition , which will be rebranded the emirates fa cup . aston villa will face the holders arsenal in this season 's final at wembley stadium . renaming it the emirates fa cup is a lot closer to title sponsorship than the previous ‘ in association with budweiser’ agreement , which was worth £9m annually . but the fa , after a highly embarrassing season without any cup backer that has put huge pressure on their commercial department , needed to offer more to attract a significant sponsor to the table . the hunt proved hugely difficult even after the fa revamped their sponsorship team to bring in expertise honed at manchester united . and it needed a bit of luck to attract emirates airlines , who have a massive sports sponsorship portfolio across the world that includes arsenal’s stadium and kit . emirates have big money to spend after deciding last november not to renew their £30m-a-year fifa sponsorship for the 2018 and 2022 world cups with the corruption allegations surrounding those tournaments said to be a consideration . and emirates are no longer involved , either , in the tender for a champions league airline sponsor , allowing the fa to offer a major football sponsorship alternative . dubai-based emirates have their arch abu dhabi airline rivals etihad as manchester city’s kit and stadium sponsors . but city foresee no problems with an emirates fa cup . villa beat liverpool in their semi-final to deny steven gerrard ( centre ) the chance of a final trophy . the new fa deal with emirates will also allow for a further six subsidiary sponsors for the competition , with budweiser , nike and william hill already signed up . and the ambition is for the whole fa cup sponsorship portfolio to be worth £20m by 2018 . the emirates deal , likely to be officially announced nearer to the fa cup final on may 30 , is also well-timed for the fa’s commercial department with the new chief executive martin glenn arriving at wembley next month .