the residence : inside the private world of the white house . by kate andersen brower . ( harper £18.99 ) for americans , the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get . for non-americans , it is a respected power symbol , but not one to be especially loved . kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs . the staff all live out in washington and commute in . the hours are long . those on duty can not go home until the president retires and goes to bed . so they see little of their families and are often divorced as a result . the pay is not great , but the job is prestigious and passed by personal recommendation among friends . most of them have stayed there for 20 years or more . ronald reagan ( pictured with his wife , nancu ) , on the other hand , was over-chummy , so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours . the west wing is the president’s office quarters ; the east wing belongs to the first lady and her office staff . ‘ the residence’ , as the living quarters are called , really begins on the second floor and is kept hidden from the hundreds of tourists who parade through the state rooms every afternoon . keeping the organisation running smoothly , from the workshops in the basement to the snipers on the roof , is a complex operation . it costs money — $ 13 million a year from government funds , plus a hefty contribution from the first family itself . presidents and their wives have to pay for their own food and drink and that of their personal guests . they are also charged for dry-cleaning . even well-heeled first ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down , especially in the kitchens where top chefs are above such considerations as cost . jackie kennedy was heard to complain : ‘ we haven’t nearly as much money as you read in the papers’ ; while the carters even asked the kitchen to serve them leftovers for their personal meals . the white house is never untenanted . the changeover of president takes place at 12 noon on inauguration day . between then and 5pm , the entire moving out and in of the two families and their respective belongings has to be completed . the staff include ushers , chefs , maids , doormen , engineers , plumbers , full-time florists ( the flower bill is enormous ) , even calligraphers who are kept busy writing invitations in fine script . but the glory of the place is its corps of butlers — six of them full-time , plus dozens more called in for big receptions , parties and dinners . even well-heeled first ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down , jackie kennedy ( pictured with her john f kennedy ) was heard to complain : ‘ we haven’t nearly as much money as you read in the papers’ . most , by tradition , are black . there is a picture of ten of them taking a break between courses in their black ties . what is the collective noun for such a fine body of men ? a bevy of butlers ? the kennedys and the clintons liked staying up late and entertaining until 2am , which meant that those on duty didn’t get home until much later than that . this didn’t go down well . oddly enough , the best-liked couple were the older bushes — george h. w. and his wife , barbara , who were used to having plenty of servants and were relaxed and genuinely concerned about them . the black staff , especially the elderly butlers who remembered segregation , are especially proud to serve the obamas as the first black presidential family . one found obama and his wife , michelle , celebrating gaining the white house on their first night there with an impromptu dance to a record by mary j. blige . and yet the obamas have turned out to be rather reserved and distant with the staff — even , says one , ‘stand-offish’ . ronald reagan , on the other hand , was over-chummy , so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours . he had a disconcerting habit of sitting around naked reading the newspapers . his wife , nancy , by contrast , was a martinet who collected limoges china . woe betide anyone who broke a piece . she would call a servant to say that the lights needed turning on when the switch was within easy reach . when she was going to be difficult about the meal service , which was frequently , she would send for the chef , cock her head on one side and smile — and then find fault , usually with the desserts served by chef roland mesnier . unlike some presidential couples , the clintons ( pictured ) used to share a bedroom — until the lewinsky scandal - when bill was relegated to the sofa in the study for a matter of time . once , she decided at the last moment that the dessert for a state dinner should be sugar baskets each containing three sugar tulips . chef roland objected : ‘ but there are only two days left until the dinner ! ’ she cocked her head : ‘ roland , you have two days and two nights before the dinner . ’ richard nixon installed a bowling alley in the basement . he used to wander into the kitchens for a chat and discovered a washer-up who was also a keen bowler . they went on playing until 2am . nixon then wrote a note to the man’s wife to explain why he was so late home . the carters made news by appointing a convicted murderess as nanny to their daughter , amy . rosalynn carter was convinced she was innocent , and the first family’s confidence was justified when the verdict was reversed . unlike some presidential couples , the clintons used to share a bedroom — until the lewinsky scandal reached its height in 1998 . for three or four months , hillary made bill sleep on a sofa in a study attached to the bedroom . most women on the staff thought he’d got what he deserved . the feuding clintons were the talk of the staff , who overheard their bad language and the sound of objects being thrown in bedrooms . hillary’s voice screaming ‘ goddam bastard ! ’ was followed by a heavy thud . much blood was discovered all over the bed . no one believed that her husband , who needed several stitches , had walked into a bathroom door in the dark , as he explained . ‘we’re pretty sure she clocked him with a book , ’ said one member of staff . there were certainly plenty to hand — there were at least 20 on the clintons’ bedside tables , including the bible . but the biggest disturber of the peace was the huge bully from texas , lyndon b. johnson , who succeeded the assassinated j. f. kennedy . he gloried in his size ( 6 ft 3 in ) and his achievements . he had tv sets installed everywhere and kept several on loudly as he watched himself in the newscasts . he undressed in front of the staff and gave them instructions while sitting on the lavatory , whose seat had to be replaced with a bigger one when he broke it . he drove the plumbers to nervous breakdowns over his shower . it was never hot enough nor strong enough for him . they replaced one after the other until the water came out as if from a fire hose and the heat generated set off the fire alarm . one water jet had to be aimed precisely at his penis ( which he called ‘jumbo’ ) and another up his rear end . he raged at the plumbers until he got satisfaction . such was the man who escalated the vietnam war .  