cellphone footage appears to show a minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling . the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends . ' plain and simple , if you f*** with me i 'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run . be honest . i do n't screw around , ' says the officer . keeping calm , mohamed 's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say , ' who said i was going to run ? ' scroll down for video . pulled over : the teens were cuffed and held on the side of the road by the officers in south minneapolis on march 18 . filmed : faysal mohamed ( picture ) was in the car when the officer threatened violence against the three teenagers . put on the backfoot , the unidentified officer justifies his aggressive tone saying , ' i 'm just giving you a heads up . i 'm trying to be officer friendly right now . ' according to mohamed he and friends had just left the ymca in south minneapolis when the police officer pulled over their car . they were told to get out and put into handcuffs and when they asked why , the police officer said , ' because i feel like arresting you ' . mohamed told a cbs news report that they were held for 45 minutes while they were searched and a background check completed on them . frightened : liban yusuf ( left ) , faysal mohamed ( center ) and hamza jailani ( right ) have made an official complaint to the minneapolis police department . the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto , but were let go . liban yusuf , 18 , who wa with mohamed said the officers frightened him . ' they had their guns drawn , ' said liban to fox news . ' i do n't know why they were so aggressive . ' former police officer , mylan masson , who teaches law enforcement at hennepin technical college in minneapolis , says what the officers did appeared wrong . ' it 's a threat … it 's an illegal , you know , you ca n't threaten people . and the other thing is you ca n't break legs . it 's not part of the constitution and it 's not part of the laws that we have , ' masson said to cbs news . according to fox news , the officer who made the threats is called rod webber and minneapolis police confirmed an investigation is underway .