it is not the first advertising billboard in which a company has used the image of a svelte , bikini-clad model to sell its wares and it probably won’t be the last . but something about this poster for protein world diet supplements has struck a collective raw nerve . the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign — including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat . scroll down for video . protein world 's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ' are you beach body ready ? ' campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert — which features a toned model posing with the slogan ‘ are you beach body ready ? ’ — began appearing on the london underground three weeks ago . the ‘ body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans , more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest . but yesterday the company’s marketing boss claimed the firm is ‘ just trying to make the nation healthier’ . richard staveley , protein world’s head of global marketing , added : ‘it’s been a brilliant campaign for us and i don’t see us changing anything dramatically any time soon . ’ richard staveley , protein world’s head of global marketing revealed that the company has received bomb threats in the wake of the campaign but said it had been ' brilliant ' and that he did n't see the company changing . on itv’s good morning britain yesterday , presenter susanna reid , 44 , admitted that , like many women , she finds the advert ‘ a little bit anxiety-inducing ' on itv’s good morning britain yesterday , presenter susanna reid , 44 , admitted that , like many women , she finds the advert ‘ a little bit anxiety-inducing’ . and the advertising standards authority confirmed it had received 277 complaints , with many commenting that ‘ the advert is offensive , irresponsible and harmful because it promotes an unhealthy body image’ . posters have been vandalised with feminist messages such as ‘ your body is not a commodity’ . photographs of the amended signs have gone viral online . despite the controversy , earlier in the week the company announced on twitter it had made sales of £1 million and attracted 20,000 new customers in just four days following the advert’s release . protein world has taken a strong stance on social media during the furore and has posted blunt replies to complaints on twitter , including ‘ why make your insecurities our problem’ and ‘ grow up’ . the company’s ceo and founder , arjun seth , has even branded the people defacing his adverts ‘terrorists’ , ‘ irrational and extremist’ . but the poster has struck a collective raw nerve with many of the billboards being vandalised with people writing messages reinforcing that every ' body ' of any shape , size and age is ready for the beach - such as # eachbodysready . pictured of the defaced posters have appeared on facebook , such as this which someone had covered with a note which reads : '1 you 're body is fine just as it is . 2 whatever it looks like your body is not a commodity # everybody 's ready # everyday sexism ' . speaking on good morning britain , mr staveley said his company had received a series of threats , including one to bomb its head office . he said : ‘ first , we’ve been inundated , as you’ve probably seen from our twitter feed and facebook , of people defacing adverts , ripping them down and climbing over rail tracks to graffiti them . ‘that’s criminal behaviour . i think that’s quite extreme behaviour . ‘we’ve actually had threats on our head office , physical , violent threats . we had a bomb threat . ’ more than 52,300 people have signed a petition demanding the adverts are removed . demonstrators plan to congregate at london’s hyde park on saturday for a protest dubbed ‘ taking back the beach’ . on a facebook page calling on people to attend the demonstration , a post reads : ‘ the idea that your body should be hidden away if it doesn’t meet these bizarrely specific requirements . . . i’m over it . ’ the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign — including vandalised posters , a petition , a protest rally and even a bomb threat . more than 50,000 people have already signed a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest . when miss reid asked mr staveley about claims the posters make women feel anxious , he replied : ‘we’re advertising our weight-loss collection . that’s what millions of people are aspiring to do in time for their summer holiday — to lose a bit of weight , feel a bit healthier and get fitter . it’s not a new concept . ’ he confirmed the model in the picture , australian renee somerfield , 23 , had achieved her enviable physique using protein world products , and denied the image had been retouched or altered . a spokesman for transport for london said the adverts will be taken down from today — not because of the controversy , but because they have ‘ come to the end of their natural three-week advertising lifespan’ . sioned quirke , a specialist dietitian based in south wales , said : ‘ some people do find that increasing their protein intake can aid weight loss . ‘ but generally , taking a supplement or diet pill will not do all the work for you . ‘ also , these kinds of products are not regulated or monitored , so you can never be 100 per cent sure what is actually in them . ’ online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters .