such has been the volatility at the top of the championship this season that predicting future outcomes has proved a futile exercise , but what is certain is that middlesbrough hold the aces . with just four weeks remaining , aitor karanka 's team are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times . seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play but boro know if they keep winning , they can not be caught . their buffer over second-placed bournemouth is a point with watford , their opponents on monday , and norwich a point further back . patrick bamford ( left ) of middlesbrough celebrates his goal against wigan with his team mates . another advantage for the teesside club is that their contest at vicarage road is a lunchtime kick-off . as they discovered on good friday , when they triumphed over relegation-threatened wigan , stealing a march can have a psychological effect . previous leaders bournemouth and 10-man watford could only draw , at ipswich and derby respectively , in the evening matches . ' it definitely puts pressure on other teams , like watford and bournemouth found on friday night , ' said boro defender ben gibson . ' it gives us a few more hours to recover when the turnaround for games is short and sharp , as well . monday will be the same , big style . ' watford 's 18-goal striker odion ighalo intends to have a say in what happens next . ighalo helped granada reach la liga in 2011 and admits he only signed for watford to play in the english top flight . odion ighalo rescued a point for watford with this equaliser against fellow promotion hopefuls derby . bournemouth have been this season 's surprise package and led the championship for 101 days . ' i came to watford not because i want to play in the championship but because i have the opportunity to be in the premier league , ' he said . ' our fans have to scream from the start to the end . i know by god 's grace we are going to win that game at home . ' such is the precarious nature of the promotion race , however , that the division could have a completely different top two on monday evening if watford and norwich , who host mid-table sheffield wednesday , win and bournemouth fail to secure three points against birmingham . with the stakes so high it is perhaps understandable that karanka is hoping jonathan woodgate , his experienced captain , can continue to play through the pain . he missed the recent defeat at bournemouth due to his broken toe but returned against wigan . crucially , each of the defender 's five appearances this season , and eight of his last nine , have resulted in wins . alex neil ( left ) has impressed since taking over at norwich and the canaries remain in contention at the top . derby led the way earlier in the season but have now not won in seven games under steve mcclaren . derby , meanwhile , have seemingly forgotten how to win . seven games without victory has seen them slump to sixth but steve mcclaren insists he will not sacrifice his principles . mcclaren , who takes his team to wigan , said : ' i do n't want to put 10 defenders on and kick the ball long and not play our football . we have a certain way of playing , a certain style , which has got us where we are . ' the eighth side in the division are wolves , who have the most potent striker in 28-goal benik afobe , signed from arsenal for £2million in january . afobe has made himself instantly at home and has leeds in his sights today . final word to the english forward : ' every time we go into the changing room we see everyone else has won . ' welcome to the championship rat race . additional reporting : laurie whitwell and janine self . 