a washington post reporter detained in iran has been charged with espionage and collaborating with ' hostile governments ' , nine months after his arrest . the charges against jason rezaian had been shrouded in secrecy until now in what has become a politically sensitive case that has parallelled with high-level nuclear talks between iran and global powers , including the united states . monday , rezaian 's lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces , in a decision branded absurd monday by the white house and the newspaper . as well as allegedly spying under the first two charges , the 39-year-old journalist , the post 's tehran correspondent , stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic . scroll down for video . detained : washington post journalist jason rezaian , seen here in 2013 , was jailed in tehran on july 22 last year . rezaian , who was detained in july 2014 , was officially charged in december , but details of the charges had never been released . ahsan , who said she had access to the complete criminal file , said it contained ' no justifiable proof ' against rezaian , and that she had seen no legal reason to continue his detention after the case 's preliminary investigation . but she said requests for bail had been turned down and criticised iranian media for publishing allegations about rezaian that are ' wrong and contrary to reality ' . no date has yet been set for trial , ahsan said , shortly after a senior judicial official described the dossier against the journalist , who holds both american and iranian nationality , as ' thick ' . rezaian will face the allegations in one of the islamic republic 's revolutionary courts , whose jurisdiction includes handling crimes against national security . its cases are heard behind closed doors . however ahsan said : ' jason is a journalist and the nature of his work is to have access to information and to publish it . he had no access to confidential information , either directly or indirectly . ' rezaian was detained in tehran on july 22 last year , along with his iranian wife yeganeh salehi , also a journalist , who was released on bail after spending two-and-a-half months in custody . rezaian is being held in the capital 's notorious evin prison and his family have frequently spoken of their fears for his health , citing his need for medication to combat high blood pressure . but ahsan said he was ' in good spirits ' despite being held in cramped conditions . he has also had no access to newspapers or media . his mother mary said she had discussed the charges with the journalist 's wife , who remains in tehran , but had no further comment . the reporter 's detention has political resonance both because of his dual nationality and the long-running nuclear talks regarding tehran 's disputed nuclear programme . white house spokesman josh earnest said it had no official confirmation of the allegations , but if reports of rezaian being accused of spying were true it would be ' absurd ' and that the charges should be ' immediately dropped ' . but the journalist 's predicament would have no bearing on a nuclear deal either way , he added . iran 's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif last week said the reporter faced ' very serious ' allegations but it was a matter for iran 's judiciary , insisting the case was free of political interference . ahsan also said the allegations against her client ' had no link ' with the nuclear talks , but in a nod to the diplomacy she added : ' i hope this matter will accelerate the liberation of my client . ' iran 's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif ( pictured ) last week said the reporter faced ' very serious ' allegations but it was a matter for iran 's judiciary . in a rare official comment regarding rezaian , gholamhossein esmaili , tehran 's judiciary chief , said monday : ' the file is thick and contains different aspects . ' quoted by the official irna news agency , he added : ' in due course the judgment will be pronounced . ' in a statement , the post 's executive editor martin baron said : ' the grave charges against jason that iran has now disclosed could not be more ludicrous . ' it is absurd and despicable to assert , as iran 's judiciary is now claiming , that jason 's work first as a freelance reporter and then as the post 's tehran correspondent amounted to espionage . ' rezaian was among four us citizens that president barack obama last month urged iran to return home . on april 2 , iran and world powers agreed the key parameters for a deal that would end a 12-year standoff about concerns that iran is seeking a nuclear bomb , an allegation it denies . a final agreement is due by the end of june .