a member of one of australia 's most notorious crime families has escaped jail thanks to his blood-soaked surname . jamie pettingill , who threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , county court judge sandra davis said . scroll down for video . jamie pettingill , who threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . in the most serious incident he flashed a knife at a schoolboy , telling him ' do n't f**k with me , i 'll cut your f**king face off ' , as he stole the boy 's mobile phone . judge davis decided against putting pettingill behind bars , due to fears his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation . the judge also accepted pettingill 's crime spree was an ' unsophisticated , spur of the moment ' act . the 26-year-old was ordered to pay more than $ 5000 in compensation for the mobile phones he had stolen , and was banned him from entering gaming venues . pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , county court judge sandra davis said . pettingill avoided jail time , with the judge fearing his surname would bring the 26-year-old unwanted attention in prison . pettingill is the son of trevor pettingill , who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne 's infamous 1988 walsh street murders . trevor pettingill , along with victor peirce and two other men , were charged with the murder of victoria police constables steven tynan , 22 , and damian eyre , 20 . the officers were brutally killed when responding to a report of an abandoned car around 5am on october 12 , 1988 . pettingill 's father , trevor , was acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne 's infamous 1988 walsh street murders . constable steven john tynan ( left ) was just 22-years-old when he and fellow officer damian jeffery eyre , 20 , ( right ) were lured to a street where they were ambushed and shot in the head . victor peirce ( left ) and trevor pettingill ( right ) were charged with the brutal slayings , along with four other men . two of the men , jedd houghton and gary abdallah , were shot and killed by victoria police before being brought to trial . kathleen pettingill , who was dubbed ' granny evil ' , ran a number of brothels and had a glass eye after she was shot through the door of a housing commission flat . she was matriarch of the family , and another of her sons , dennis allen , was known as ' mr death ' . the pettingill family inspired the 2010 australian film animal kingdom . peirce was himself murdered in 2002 , gunned down outside a melbourne supermarket . his wife , wendy , said in a 2005 interview her husband had planned and carried out the killings . it is believed peirce was driven to murder by a desire to gain retribution for his best friend , graeme jensen , who was killed by police . the pettingill family , led by matriarch kathleen , inspired the 2010 australian film animal kingdom , which explored the family 's underworld connection . kathleen , who was dubbed ' granny evil ' , ran a number of brothels and had a glass eye after she was shot through the door of a housing commission flat . kath pettingill . matriarch of the of the melbourne based criminal family . after working as a prostitute , later went on to run several brothels . denis allen . nicknamed ' mr death' was the oldest son of kath pettingill . he was given a ten-year prison sentence for rape in the 1970s , and was reportedly a major player in the drug scene across melbourne during the 1980s . peter allen . the second oldest son , who has spent 28 years in prison . has a violent past and a series of assault charges . he ran a heroin empire in victoria , and continued to sell drugs during his prison stint . was released in 2002 . victor peirce . the sixth son of kath pettingill . peirce was acquitted of murdering two police officers in the 1988 walsh street killings . was gunned down in 2002 outside a supermarket . his wife , wendy , admitted in 2005 her husband planned and carried out the walsh street murders . trevor pettingill . also acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne 's infamous 1988 walsh street murders . has been labelled a ' career criminal ' .