celebrities and dietitians have been promoting back-to-basic diets and warning us off processed foods for years - and the trend is now taking hold in the pet world . three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones in his quest to lose weight . his owners , margaret and patrick evans from leeds , say he 's now ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas . scroll down for video . flab to fab : baylie learnt where the doggy biscuit tin was and was even caught pilfering it , left , by his owners . but he 's a much more lean machine , right , after starting his new weight loss programme . the plan was devised by vicky marshall , who runs a natural dog food company and realised that none of her 5,000 customers ' dogs have weight problems . she worked out baylie 's weight and calculated special portions of carefully chosen lean meats in order for him to shed the pounds . she said : ' dogs are carnivores - they have evolved to eat prey , such as mice , rabbits and deer . ' their digestive system , which is very different to the human digestive system , is more than able to handle raw meat , offal and bones . loving life : owners margaret and patrick evans say baylie is ' a different dog ' since losing a stone and a half on a new doggy diet of raw food . they believe his weight problems stem from rewards during training . ' in fact , they thrive on it and you need have no concerns over its suitability . ' we avoided beef and lamb and suggested lean raw meat like free range chicken , wild rabbit and turkey . ' our treats are pure air-dried liver and dogs do n't need very much to feel like they 've had a treat . ' we also introduced a concept called bone sunday . we gave baylie a beef knuckle bone to chew on all day and he did n't need anything else to eat . ' because the bone marrow is so rich it 's enough quantity wise . and the action of chewing is great exercise and a rewarding game . ' it makes sure he does n't feel like he is on a diet and that food is still fun . ' baylie 's owners believe his life-long weight problem stemmed from them giving him sweet treats to reward good behaviour at puppy training school . the treats continued into his adult life and he even learnt where they were kept and was spotted raiding the biscuit tin in the kitchen . his weight problem worsened as he started suffering from a joint problem called hip dysplasia affecting labradors - and when he took a tumble while out on a walk he was left unable to move . maragaret , 55 , a car tyre production assistant said : ' we were encouraged to use biscuits as rewards but he was so good at everything we taught him we just had to carry on giving him treats . ' his weight just went on and on and on . ' but it got a lot worse when he slipped over one day when we were out for a walk in the woods . ' he injured his leg and could n't walk very far so it made it really difficult to take him out for exercise . ' and because he has hip dysplasia it meant his recovery took a long time . ' he became sluggish and tired all the time and he just carried on piling on the pounds . ' i think it did n't help that he knew his way round the kitchen and exactly where we kept the dog biscuits . ' i knew his weight was becoming a problem but it was n't until we got to the vet that we realised how big he had got . ' once i took him to the vet and we realised how bad the problem with his weight was we knew we had to take action straight away . ' standing tall : baylie struggled with a hip condition common in labradors and poor mobility worsened his weight problems . but losing weight has made him much more mobile . after spotting an advert for the trial of a new diet for dogs on facebook , margaret signed baylie up for the new regime - the lucky dog weight loss plan . it meant - just like a human trying to fight the flab - swapping his usual processed food and sweet treats for low fat meats . after eight weeks he had lost eight kilos , going from 55kg - the weight of a small great dane - to 47 . a much slimmer baylie comes back to the beach after a swim in the sea during a walk on the beach . shake it off : baylie is able to enjoy a dog 's life after shedding so much weight with his doggy diet of lean meat . margaret added : ' we changed his diet straight away and went from tins and packets to all raw food . ' and because all of the food was delivered and it was a complete change it was really straightforward . ' now he runs around and has bounds more energy . ' he loves a ball and is absolutely mad about going for a swim . we ca n't even run a bath without him trying to jump into the bathroom . ' he 's like a completely different dog . ' a different dog : ' now he runs around and has bounds more energy ' , said owner margaret who took him to the vets as soon as she realised how serious his weight problem was . 