as britain’s got talent acts go , she was certainly a conversation starter – a ‘talking’ dog with singing skills and a sense of humour . but some viewers at home were less dazzled by miss wendy 's false mouth trick - and questioned the effect of the ' cruel ' stunt on the dog . after saturday 's episode of the show , broadcasting regulator ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog , while itv received a further 35 . the rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britain’s got talent ‘ to ascertain what methods were used’ in the performance . scroll down for video . was it a trick ? britain 's got talent singing dog miss wendy with owner marc métral stunned the judges - but it may not have been all it seemed . convincing : miss wendy 's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music but it is believed the dog had a fake jaw . astonished : simon cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend lauren to tell her about it . theory : it is believed that a false mouth was placed on miss wendy 's face , which is triggered by a remote control . ‘ we would be very concerned if it became clear that [ the dog ] was caused distress , ’ a spokesman said . ‘ distress could result from her being unable to breathe or pant properly whilst wearing a mask on stage – in an environment which can get very warm , it is essential that panting is not restricted . ’ one viewer wrote on on twitter : ‘that’s not talent [ and it ] should be looked into for animal abuse . ’ others said the act was cruel . but french ventriloquist marc metral insisted that miss wendy ‘ loves performing’ . ‘i’ve been working with wendy since she was a puppy , ’ he said . ‘ i would never put her in a situation that would cause her distress . she gets excited when we go to work and is always comfortable on stage . ’ britain’s got talent also defended the act , with a spokesman saying rspca guidelines were consulted during the audition process . ‘ we are comfortable that mr metral’s act complies with the guidelines and we look forward to hearing from the rspca to talk through the methods used , ’ he added . cowell has always dismissed claims that having animals on the show is cruel . he has previously said : ‘ god no , i think the opposite ! we show animals’ personalities . agreement : marc and wendy received a standing ovation on saturday and progressed to the semi-finals - with amanda holden telling him he had made tv history . ‘ i think they all have a great time on our show , you can see the dogs are wagging their tails . ’ perched high on a silver plinth , miss wendy shared a joke with her owner and serenaded the judges with a rendition of 1970s classic feelings during saturday 's episode , which was watched by 11m viewers . the audience roared with laughter as she argued with french ventriloquist marc metral – and all four judges were so impressed they sent the pair straight through to the next round . old dog old trick ? in 2012 , a contestant on america 's got talent , todd oliver astounded judges with his talking french bulldog , irving ( pictured ) . but in case you were wondering just how easy it is to teach a dog to talk , the trick behind the act can be revealed with a quick look at the itv show’s archives . a similar illusion was used on america’s got talent in 2012 , when contestant todd oliver appeared to make his french bulldog speak . it involves fitting a fake snout over the nose of the animal , which is then controlled remotely to make the artificial mouth open in time with the routine . to make it seem more realistic , the breathable snout is covered in fur exactly the same colour as that of the dog . and the novelty clearly hadn’t worn off by saturday night , as simon cowell seemed particularly astounded by the performance of 61-year-old mr metral and his pet . amanda holden told her french owner that he had ' made television history ' and cowell phoned his girlfriend lauren silverman to tell her about it . holden said to mr métral : ' congratulations , in the nine years of doing this show , simon has said he wanted a dog that could meow or sing , and you did both , incredible . ' simon cowell commented : ' wow , i do n't know how she does that . how does she know the words ? unbelievable . ' marc and wendy received a standing ovation on saturday and progressed to the semi-finals . on saturday another act shocked simon cowell when a fearless free-runner pretended to be injured after plunging from a balcony during a terrifying routine . look out below : matt mccreary 's jaw-dropping audition saw him pretend to fall over as he jumped from the balcony . ouch : he went to put on a dazzling display on the stage as he ended his audience with an impressive jump over ant and dec . cowell , who earlier in the week conned amanda holden into thinking she was being dumped from the show for cheryl fernandez-versini , was left open-mouthed when 20-year-old matt mccreary , from belfast , leapt around the stage . cowell asked mccreary : ' oh my god , matt are you really ok ? ' as he lay on the theatre floor after diving from a balcony . the 20-year-old , also leapt over show hosts ant and dec on stage , also impressed amanda holden , who told him : ' we have never seen anything as brave and dangerous before ' . but not everyone on the panel was won over , with david walliams joking : ' jumping over two people who are that short is n't really such a big deal . ' amazing : britain 's got talent started with a bang on saturday when simon cowell pressed his golden buzzer in the first round of auditions as he put singing through singer calum scott . you 're in : receiving not only a standing ovation , he also got a golden buzzer from simon as his sister was able to move past her exit and give her brother a hug . later simon cowell pressed his golden buzzer in the first round of auditions as he put singing through singer calum scott . scott , 26 , had come along to audition for the itv talent competition with his sister who failed to impress the judges while her brother went on to wow simon . the recruitment officer from hull , had to go on stage after watching his sister 's audition go wrong , and he performed dancing on my own by robyn . receiving not only a standing ovation , he also got a golden buzzer from simon , causing his sister to run on stage and give her brother a proud hug . simon revealed why he pressed the buzzer saying : ' i 've never ever in all the years i 've done this show heard a guy with the talent you 've got ' . at the start of the show , simon was seen driving his fellow judges to the auditions . well , that 's different : the show kicked off with 42-year-old narinder dhanni . the it consultant certainly started things off in a unique style as he played his instrument – which turned out to be a comb . helping out : he immediately received a buzz from simon cowell before he was joined on stage by hosts ant and dec as they played i just called to say i love you by stevie wonder . the show kicked off with 42-year-old narinder dhanni . the it consultant certainly started things off in a unique style as he played his instrument – which turned out to be a comb . he immediately received a buzz from simon cowell before he was joined on stage by hosts ant and dec as they played i just called to say i love you by stevie wonder . narinder received a standing ovation from amanda holden and david walliams as he began to play it 's the final countdown . narinder managed to get through on three positives - much to simon 's displeasure .