after the launch of the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus , several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets . so to avoid another ‘ bend gate , ’ apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition , which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . scroll down for videos . and to avoid another ‘ bend gate’ apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . this image shows a bent iphone 6s . the material would make the next iphone 60 per cent harder than the iphone 6 , taiwan-based economic daily news reported . the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter , according to cult of mac . the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition ( pictured ) , which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . the apple watch sport has a lightweight anodised aluminium case . apple used a new alloy of 7000 series aluminium that 's 60 per cent stronger than standard alloys . the same alloy is used to make racing bikes . the display is protected by strengthened ion-x glass . together , the materials make the sport edition 30 per cent lighter than the other apple watch models . apple polishes the aluminium used in its sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer . ‘ we believe this aluminium alloy sets a new standard both in the way it performs and the way it looks , ’ apple’s senior vice president of design jony ive said previously . the next generation iphones , which are expected to be called the iphone 6s and iphone 6s plus , are expected to be unveiled in september and may include a a9 chip and force touch feature , which also features in the apple watch . it’s also possible that the californian tech giant will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iphone 6c . days after the launch of the iphone 6 , owners revealed they can be bent out of shape when stowed in a pocket . the handset is made from a combination of 6000 series anodised aluminium and stainless steel with titanium inserts , forbes reported . apple polishes the aluminium used in its sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer . addressing ‘ bend gate’ after the phone’s launch , apple spokeswoman trudy muller said : ' with normal use , a bend in iphone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale , a total of nine customers have contacted apple with a bent iphone 6 plus . ' tests showed that the phone bent out of shape under 100lbs of pressure - the same as the samsung galaxy s6 edge . but accusations of unintentionally bendy handsets have dogged apple since 2012 , when some users claimed the iphone 5 and later the iphone 5s had a similar weakness . the reason for the bend is due to the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus being made out of aluminium . aluminium is a relatively soft metal and is fairly ductile and flexible so , if enough pressure is applied , it will bend and move . according to imore , no part of either of the new iphones has more than a quarter of an inch ( 0.64cm ) of aluminium in any spot . this means that , in areas of the phones that are weakest , it’s possible it could be susceptible to bending . this is noticeable in images , with many of the bends occurring near the volume buttons and the sim card slot . these areas have segments of the shell cut out to make room for the buttons and sim card , so there is less aluminium - and they are more likely to bend . to stop the phone bending , users need to ensure that they do not put increased pressure on the middle of the phone . for example , do not have it sideways in a pocket , as your pocket will push it against your leg , possibly causing bending . putting it in your back pocket could also have a similar effect , so storing it in a shirt pocket or bag might be a better option . another option would be to make sure you have a case for the phone so that it can maintain its rigidity even when pressure is applied .