police believe they are on the verge of solving a brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago . ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ' the andy griffith show . ' her friend got dropped off first , but ronda never made it back home . three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride . she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death . the man who gave her a ride home that day was never found . scroll down for video . ronda blaylock ( above ) was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man ( above ) after school in rural hall , north carolina . surry county sheriff graham atkinson ( above ) said in a press conference on monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to getting him . the camel city dispatch reports that the investigation into ronda 's death was relaunched after her mother , rebecca , called in to authorities recently to ask what progress had been made on her daughter 's case . ' within a day or so after receiving her call there were developments that i can not discuss here today , but this task force is actively pursuing good leads , ' surry county sheriff graham atkinson said in a press conference on monday . what they already knew is that the man was in his early twenties back in 1980 , drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by jimmy , though he told the girls his friends called him butch . he would now be in his mid-to-late fifties . and while it has been years since the incident , some witnesses have been able to provide better information now than they could at the time the tragedy occurred . ' this is because they were young when this murder occurred and they feared getting into trouble with their parents or the law ; they are no longer close with those who , in confidence , has discussed the homicide with them , ' explained sheriff atkinson . ' the witnesses did not realize ronda’s murder is still an open case . ' more importantly , police can now test some of the dna evidence from the scene , something they could not do back in 1980 due to a lack of technology . ronda had been violently assaulted and stabbed to death when her body was found . the man was in his early twenties back in 1980 , drove a blue pickup truck ( similar to the one above ) with a white shell over the bed and went by jimmy , though he told the girls his friends called him butch . what 's more , sheriff atkinson does not think law enforcement has to search far to find the man . ' we think he lived and still lives in the immediate area , ' he said . ' we feel like he has blended into the community and he 's lived with this for a long time and we 're hoping he does the right thing and comes forward . ' and if he does not come forward , sheriff atkinson has a message for him : ' make no mistake . we are coming for you . ' ronda 's mother meanwhile just wants closure after years of pain . ' i want them to be put in prison for the rest of their lives because i 've been in prison , so to speak , for almost 35 years , ' she said . anyone who has information should contact rondablaylock1980 @ gmail.com or call the task force hotline ( 336 ) 401-8971 .