britain is set for another week of warm weather , with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25c ( 77f ) by wednesday . the promise of more sunshine comes after friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9c ( 71.4f ) observed at st james 's park in london . meanwhile the met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast . but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england . the met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north wales and northern england from derby up to northallerton . scroll down for video . south coast : sunseekers headed to brighton beach today to enjoy the warm weather , two days after the hottest day of the year so far . over he goes : free-runner aiden knox , 15 , performs a flip from the south bank in central london during the warm weather today . all aboard : a celebration of vintage transport is taking place today at the great north steam fair in beamish , county durham . tasty treat : a man holds an ice cream for a young boy in the sunshine today on brighton beach in east sussex . back in time : visitors to the fair at beamish museum have been able to view at close quarters an array of more than 160 vintage vehicles . sunday jazz : a saxophonist was among the people - and swans - enjoying the warm weather in christchurch , dorset , today . out for a walk : people enjoy the warm conditions during an april stroll at christchurch quay in dorset today . the sunny weather made christchurch shine in all its springtime glory . the met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast . enjoying the weather : people sit in the sunshine at parliament square in central london today . the mercury this weekend has been around the 13c to 14c ( 55f to 57f ) mark - much closer to the average for the time of year . today will be largely dry and bright across the south , but it will turn windy with a fresh south-westerly wind - and rain will move east across the north . early mist and fog tomorrow will soon lift to leave a dry and bright day for most areas , but it will be cloudy in northern scotland . meteogroup forecaster paul mott said that after snow fell on the pennines today , the weather will be ' quite a bit different ' for the next few days . ‘ it will certainly turn much warmer , ’ he said . ‘ across england and wales it will be dry , bright and there will be lengthy periods of sunshine . ’ temperatures will reach as high as 16c ( 61f ) in south-east england tomorrow , while scotland will be cooler , with the mercury as low as 10c ( 50f ) . on tuesday , temperatures will reach up to 22c ( 72f ) in south east england , while scotland will again have a lower high of 15c ( 59f ) , mr mott said . forecast : today will be largely dry and bright across the south , but rain will move across the north . tomorrow will be dry for most areas . looking ahead : it could be 25c on wednesday , and the met office has forecast warmer-than-average temperatures for april to june . making the most of it : a woman holds an ice cream ( left ) and two men play basketball ( right ) on brighton beach today . deckchair weather : a man in the sun at hyde park in central london . the capital recorded the uk 's top temperature of 2015 so far last week . sitting down : a man enjoys a rest as members of the brighton beach volleyball club play a game on the east sussex beach today . historic : steam locomotives , penny farthings , motor cars , steam rollers and traction engines are all in working display in beamish . sunny in the south : surrey 's kevin pietersen batting today during an early season match at the parks in oxford . summer breeze : a bypasser watches on as kite boarder makes the most of the sunshine and strong breezes in the sea at worthing beach . wednesday is likely to be the warmest of the year for much of britain , with the mercury reaching up to 24c ( 75f ) in london and south east england . mr mott said the forecast for thursday and friday was ‘ more uncertain’ when it is expected to be cooler but will remain dry . the predicted hot weather is result of a plume of warm air heading towards the uk from the south west , coming from as far as the azores islands . temperatures in london of 21c ( 70f ) this tuesday and 22c ( 72f ) on wednesday are expected to be better than in many holiday destinations . valencia will see 20c ( 68f ) and 17c ( 63f ) respectively and marseille will have 20c and 19c ( 66f ) , while malta will be 18c ( 64f ) on both days . yesterday 's uk high temperature was 14.8c ( 58.6f ) in langdon bay , kent , while st athan in south wales had the most sunshine , with 11.5 hours . in cumbria : snow caused difficult conditions for motorists today including these two passing buses at kirkstone pass in the lake district . on patrol : this police car was among the vehicles facing tricky conditions on the kirkstone pass , connecting ambleside to patterdale . snow in scotland : gerry learmonth was caught in a blizzard today as he walked his dog at cairn gorm mountain in the highlands . making it through : two mountain bikers in the caingorm mountains in scotland this morning where fresh snow has been falling today . but upper lambourn , berkshire , had a temperature of -0.2c ( 31.6f ) at 3am today , while there was sleet at braemar in aberdeenshire . and a wind speed of 76mph was recorded at capel curig in the snowdonia region of north-west wales this morning , reported bbc weather . additionally , with summer seeming to come early for many last week , doctors reported seeing hay-fever sufferers experiencing symptoms . this was despite the pollen levels being moderate for much of the south of england and low for the rest of the uk according to the met office . the sunday telegraph warned today of a 33 per cent increase in the number of people facing hayfever this year because of worsening conditions . high pollen counts are mixing with heavy pollution and saharan dust , with hayfever now twice as common in towns and cities than the countryside . alert : the met office has a severe wind warning in place ( left ) today , while the current wind patterns over britain can be observed ( right ) . surface pressure : the warm front ( in red above ) over britain at noon today is followed by a cold front ( in blue ) and occluded front ( in pink ) . last week : the sun sets behind the houses of parliament in london on friday , as the uk had its highest temperature of 2015 so far . warm conditions : people relax on the beach in broadstairs , kent , last wednesday - on what was a fine week of weather for the uk . the met office’s three-month outlook says : ‘ for april-may-june temperatures near-to above-average are most likely . ‘ overall , the probability that the uk-mean temperature for april-may-june will fall into the coldest of our five categories is 10 per cent . ‘ and the probability that it will fall into the warmest category is between 20 per cent and 25 per cent . ’ last friday , londoners made the most of the high temperatures , with kew gardens reaching 21.7c ( 71.1f ) and heathrow airport 21.3c ( 70.3f ) . but high levels of air pollution accompanied the heat , with many parts of england affected by poor air quality throughout the day . bookmakers ladbrokes said today that spring 2015 is now odds-on to be the hottest on record , with 5/6 offered on it beating the 2011 high .