a 21-year-old woman , who attended a prestigious military academy high school , has been charged with the murder of a married lawyer found stabbed to death in an upscale dc hotel . jamyra gallmon , of washington d.c. , was arrested on wednesday , according to police . she has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old david messerschmitt . police had released surveillance video of a ' person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on february 9 . messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with ' various credit cards strewn about ' . scroll down for video . a woman has been arrested in connection to the murder of 30-year-old washington , dc lawyer david messerschmitt . above , the ' person of interest ' who was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where messerschmitt was killed on february 9 . jamyra gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary student , a cteacher said on thursday . david messerschmitt ( pictured with his wife kim ) was found dead in his dc hotel room in february . police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel . a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the scene . police sources told nbc washington that the woman in the video is gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a ' sexual encounter ' . among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit , fox dc reported . fingerprints were also found in the room . law enforcement sources told the washington post that it was believed messerschmitt 's death was motivated by a robbery . gallmon 's mother spoke to nbc and said that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland , a coach told fox 5 , on thursday and had been an exemplary student . coach and teacher , vincent mcduffie , told the station that she had wanted to play basketball in college but had suffered a knee injury . he said that her supportive family always turned up to watch her high school games . gallmon graduated from the military academy in 2011 . the 21-year-old is due in d.c. superior court on thursday . authorities have arrested a washington , dc woman named jamyra gallmon for the crime . on the left , another view of the person of interest on cctv and on the right , messerschmitt . police sources told nbc washington that the woman in the surveillance video is gallmon . widowed : messerschmitt texted his wife kim vuong on february 9 that he would be home in an hour but never showed . police still have n't said what he was doing at the hotel . gallmon 's mother said that her 21-year-old daughter ( pictured ) had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . according to the police report , messerchmitt left his work at law film , dla piper , around 7.45pm on february 9 and texted his wife a couple of hours later to say he would back at their capitol hill home in an hour . the couple reportedly had not seen each other since february 8 , but vuong did n't think anything seemed wrong with her husband . she reported him missing at midnight , saying it was unlike him to disappear and that usually he got home before her . messerschmitt was found dead in his room the next day . police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel . last week , messerchmitt 's wife gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ' the world has lost a good person . david 's family : a son and brother , and i have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . in one day , i lost the most important person in my life and the man i loved so much . and i have no answers , ' she said . a cincinnati native , messerchmitt attended ohio state university where he met his wife . he went on to study law at boston university before working at a firm in chicago . he then worked at two more firms in the d.c. area before transferring to dla piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law . emotional : last week , messerschmitt 's wife , kim vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . police sources said gallmon was at the donovan hotel ( pictured ) for a ' sexual encounter ' . messerchmitt was found stabbed to death in his hotel room on february 10 . 