everton manager roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer . there has been plenty of speculation about the belgium international and he even admitted himself in february he fancied a new challenge and had an ambition to play in the champions league next season . injuries have prevented the 27-year-old from really finding his best form this campaign with a run of consistent performances but martinez was delighted to see him score his first premier league goal since december 28 in last weekend 's win over burnley . kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton following an injury-hit term at the toffees . everton manager roberto martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for his belgian star . there were reports this week tottenham would try to make the forward part of a swap deal with their winger aaron lennon , who is currently on loan at goodison park . however , martinez backed mirallas to put the continuing debate about his future to one side . ' the total honest truth is we do n't know what is going to happen in the future , ' he said . ' i heard somewhere that he had one year left and it was a bit of an unsettled situation but that is not the case , he has two years left . ' i do n't think it has ever been an issue . sometimes there has been too much said on the outside . ' with any footballer now it does not matter whether you have one year or six years left , what is more important is being happy , feeling ready to be part of the project and be an important player going forward . aaron lennon has impressed on merseyside since moving on loan from tottenham hotspur in january . kick-off : sunday , 1.30pm - sky sports 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : everton 11/4 . draw 5/2 . manchester united 6/5 . referee : andre marriner . managers : roberto martinez ( everton ) , louis van gaal ( manchester united ) . head-to-head league record : everton wins 56 , draws 40 , manchester united wins 75 . ' when you see him on the pitch he is someone who brings a real desire to score goals , he brings us a goalscoring threat which is quite special and all i want is for kevin to enjoy his football and carry on performing well . ' he is someone who takes responsibility on the pitch , wants to make things happen and scoring the goal was an important moment . ' kevin has always been a really hard-working player day-to-day and i have seen him progressing but i have never seen an issue in his performances at all . ' the way he performed on saturday showed that . in every window you have to sit down and make sure everyone who is fully committed is ready to be part of the future . ' i do n't see that as being an issue we need to sort at this present time . ' goodison hosts two of the league 's most in-form teams on sunday with the toffees , with four wins and a draw in their last five matches , facing manchester united , with five wins in six . martinez hopes his side can commemorate the life of sir philip carter ( left ) with a win over united this weekend . martinez believes the game presents the perfect environment to mark the death of former chairman sir philip carter this week . ' to remember sir philip carter - 30 years on from the second leg against bayern munich ( en route to everton 's uefa cup-winners ' cup ) - is a special opportunity to look back and celebrate what he has brought to everton , ' added the toffees boss . ' we will make sure his legacy never ends here . ' 