these are the last known movements of a murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car . firefighters made the grim discovery of janet muller 's body in ifield , near crawley , west sussex on march 13 . police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old university of brighton student in portslade on the night before her death . scroll down for video . janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex , at 10.30pm on march 12 . the images were released shortly after the youngster 's family spoke about her ' bubbly ' personality in a heartfelt tribute . the bright student 's family described her as an ' inspirational , passionate and caring person ' and said her death had left a ' deep hole ' in their hearts . the day before the grim discovery , on march 12 , miss muller had been reported missing from mill view hospital in nevill avenue , hove , a sussex police spokesman said . she was then captured on cctv at 10.33pm that night in a subway in portslade . the second clip sees her in station road at 12.28am and the final one walking towards brighton and crossing sackville gardens near the bp garage at 12.55am . the german student , from eastbourne , died of smoke inhalation , according to police . paying tribute to miss muller , her family said : ' janet was a much loved daughter and twin sister and words ca n't describe how much pain we as a family are in right now . ' she was always there for us and was someone that always made us smile and laugh no matter what . ' janet was a very inspirational , passionate and caring person . throughout her life she always cared deeply for her friends and family . ' this tragic event has left a deep hole in the hearts of all that knew her . she will be deeply missed and always remembered for her energetic , fun , bubbly and vibrant personality . ' we are overwhelmed with the love and support that we have received from janet 's friends worldwide . janet would have been so happy knowing how much she was loved . janet muller was discovered dead in the boot of a burning car by firefighters . the 21-year-old died as a result of smoke inhalation . ' we will never forget our beautiful girl and will work with the police to establish her last movements and why she was taken from us so cruelly . we wo n't rest until we find the truth . ' detective chief inspector karen mizzi , of the surrey and sussex major crime team , said : ' we are extremely grateful to janet 's family for their co-operation in agreeing to allow release of these images , which are the last known of janet before she died . ' we are very keen to learn about her last movements between leaving millview hospital and the discovery of her body in ifield on friday , march 13 . police and forensic officers at the scene after her body was discovered on march 13 . ' if you saw her in the area around those times or perhaps a little later , please email 101 @ sussex.pnn.police.uk or call 101 quoting operation madeira . ' even if you think you may have seen her or that your sighting was only brief , please do call as your information could prove very important to us . ' christopher jeffrey-shaw , 26 , of lakeside , beckenham , london , has been charged with her murder and will appear at guildford crown court for a preliminary hearing on april 9 .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .