luke shaw admitted he has struggled to cope with the demands of playing for manchester united after he returned to the team against chelsea . shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his £28million move from southampton to old trafford in the summer . the left back , who had a decent game on his return to the team at stamford bridge , said : ' i am still young and coming to the biggest club in the world has n't been easy for me . manchester united left back luke shaw ( right ) chases the ball ahead of chelsea 's branislav ivanovic ( left ) . shaw ( right ) tussles with chelsea forward eden hazard ( left ) during the premier league match on saturday . shaw admits that he has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag since joining manchester united . ' i would n't say it has been a hard three weeks but it has been a three weeks that i have been able to learn a lot more about myself , so it has been a nice three weeks in that respect and good to get on the pitch again . ' shaw claims he had a minor back injury when he was substituted at half-time against arsenal in the fa cup quarter-final defeat at old trafford last month , but he was left out of the team by louis van gaal for the next four games . shaw added : ' he has two sides to him , but he is genuinely a really nice guy and a great manager . ' you have seen what he has turned united into in recent weeks but that is because there is a really focused side , where you have to give 100 per cent in every training session and game and be focused all the time . ' if you do n't give that , he wo n't play you and that 's what he is like . ' the 19-year-old has played 19 times in all competitions for united this campaign , after featuring in twice as many matches for southampton last season . ' i have n't been playing and there have been a lot of negative comments about me , ' he said . ' it is something that is n't nice and i 've tried to ignore it but hopefully this is the start of me coming back . ' i saw a comment the other day saying i was taken off at half-time against arsenal because i was n't fit enough , but that 's not true at all . ' this is coming from me and i know what the manager pulled me off for and it was not for my fitness because i could have carried on in the game . ' shaw ( right ) , during his southampton days , prepares to tackle tottenham winger andros townsend ( left ) . while at southampton , shaw ( left ) runs with the ball ahead of hull city 's paul mcshane ( right ) . mauricio pochettino brought the best out of shaw at st mary 's last season , and there was a real sense of paternal warmth between manager and player . despite his up-and-down start at old trafford , shaw insists he has the full support of van gaal . ' over the last three weeks i have learned a lot from the manager and credit goes to him for trusting me in a big game like this , ' said shaw . ' i have family and friends who are helping me on my journey and the manager has been unbelievable as well . ' shaw ( right ) shakes hands with manchester united manager louis van gaal during the club 's pre-season tour . 