a family claim they were forced to sit in vomit aboard a united airlines flight after staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off . scott shirley , his wife mayo and seven-year-old son phoenix , were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world , orlando , when they discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew . after boarding the plane , the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . scroll down for video . mayo shirley , son phoenix , and husband scott were forced to sit in seats surrounded by vomit on a united airlines flight . after putting their luggage on the floor of the cabin , the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit . mr shirley told mailonline travel : ' my wife decided to transfer her backpack with all our snacks in it to the spot where my son was sitting . it was then , that she noticed her bag was wet . ' she then rubbed the carpet area on the floor of our seats and discovered the whole area was wet . when she raised her had towards her face to smell the liquid , that 's when she made the horrible discovery that the liquid was vomit . ' given my wife suffers from mysophobia ( phobia of germs ) , she immediately had a look of panic on her face and loudly pronounced it to be vomit . ' i immediately had a feeling of being grossed out that i too had had my hands all over this vomit . my wife got up and ran towards the bathroom area of the plane with me following behind . ' i told the flight attendant what had happened and she directed us both to the available bathrooms . ' the shirley 's luggage remains in the plastic rubbish sacks while they decide how to clean items . mr shirley says the family were told by cabin staff that a passenger on an earlier flight had been sick in the seating area , and that staff had cleaned the area . ' it was clear that no one had cleaned the area where we were sitting , because there was no evidence of any chemical smell what so ever , ' he added . ' this was purely that distinct smell of vomit on our hands and backpacks . ' mr shirley described how his wife was so upset she began crying and shaking , and they were given two options by united staff ; fly out next day or remain in their seats . because mrs shirley had to go to work next day at the food and drug administration ( fda ) , the family say they had no choice but to remain in the seats . the family were flying back on a united airlines flight from orlando to washington ( file photo ) . however , staff allegedly refused to clean and scrub down the affected area , and the passengers were given blankets , which they say did nothing to remove the pungent smell . mr shirley said : ' the pilot came out and asked if a resolution had been made . he told us we had to make a decision because he ca n't delay the other passengers . ' it was at this point i felt as if they could n't care less about the disgusting situation they had put us in and only cared about moving the flight along . i told my wife that we should just take the next day flight . ' she said it is n't an option for her due to her position with the fda and the nine days she had already been on holiday . since we really had no choice in the matter , under duress of the situation , we agreed to the blanket option . ' the family were given trash bags by the airline to put their luggage in . ' it was completely humiliating walking through the airport with our belongings in trash bags as if we were some sort of homeless family , ' added mr shirley . ' i felt that we had to explain what happened to every person who stared awkwardly at us . this was the final straw for me . ' we went straight to united customer service who told us they ca n't do anything because it involves bags and we would have to go to baggage claim to speak with a supervisor there . this was on the other side of the airport which meant we had to now lug all this stuff there . no assistance was offered . ' with their luggage still bagged up , mr shirley says united airlines have offered them a $ 150 flight voucher each and some ' mileage points ' . a spokesperson for united airlines told mailonline travel : the situation mr shirley described is certainly one that we wish no customer experiences , as our cleaners did not fully clean the seat area prior to departure . ' we offered them an alternate flight , but they decided to remain onboard . our agents did the best they could in the short time they had to accommodate mr shirley and keep the flight on time . 'we’re reaching out to apologise for his experience . ' the family were offered a $ 150 flight voucher , or the option to file a claim for the baggage , which they chose to do . upon returning home , united has offered the each member of the family a $ 150 voucher as well as additional mileage points for mrs shirley . however , mr shirley said : ' i personally feel it is a slap in the face considering all we had to endure on this two hour flight from hell . ' i do n't know what the lasting effects are going to be of this experience . we have to fly at least two more times later this year for weddings and i 'm beginning to think the train might be an option . ' i felt so uncomfortable the whole time we were flying . all i could think about is what this vomit might have in it and if there was anything we would contact from it . '   