a 36-year-old indiana woman now in police custody is suspected of carrying out a twisted plot of kidnapping and killing a young mother in order to steal the victim 's newborn baby and claim the child as her own . the suspect , who has not been identified , lives in gary , indiana , where the body of the victim , samantha fleming , was found friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach . police believe the woman went to the home of 23-year-old fleming in anderson , 180 miles away , posing as a child protective services employee and convinced fleming to come with her to gary . fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby on april 5 . incredibly , the baby has been found by police and is safe , cbs reported . scroll down for video . killed : police believe samantha fleming , 23 ( left ) , was lured from her home by a woman pretending to be a social worker , so that the woman could murder her and steal fleming 's three-week-old baby , serenity ( right ) . found dead : fleming went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 . her body was found friday at a house 180 miles in gary . the woman who lives at the property is the suspect in the case . the suspect is said to have known a lot of personal information about fleming and successfully posed as a case worker , leading fleming to believe she had to attend a court hearing . fleming was reported missing by her boyfriend . police were led to gary after fleming 's cell phone signal was picked up in the city , where the young mother 's wallet was also found near an apartment block . police followed other leads to the suspect 's home , but the woman was n't there . investigators said they smelt a foul odor coming from the small one-story house . inside they found the body of a young woman that had been stabbed , covered in bleach , wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic tub . as officers searched the home , the suspect 's sister came by . she had a baby with her and was had come by to pick up some things . police quickly realized the baby was serenity . scene : the body of samantha fleming was found stabbed , doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic inside this home at 1987 cleveland st. , in gary , on april 17 . the sister told police the suspect had asked her to care for the baby and had gone to visit their mother in texas . the suspect is now said to be in police custody at a texas hospital , where is she is under mental health care . the infant was handed over to police by the sister , according to the chicago tribune . police have not released the name of the suspect and no charges have been filed . lt. thomas pawlak told the tribune that the suspect 's house had been fitted out with a nursery . ' it appears that she had been planning this , ' pawlak told the newspaper . ' there was everything you would buy for a new baby . a crib , changing table , diaper bag , carrier , new clothes . ' a neighbor told the paper the suspect said she was pregnant with twins . the neighbor said around easter the suspect said one of the twins had died but that she had given birth , only the child was still in hospital with jaundice . new mom : fleming went missing just three weeks after giving birth to her daughter , serenity . safe : serenity was found in the custody of the suspect 's sister . the baby will soon be returned to relatives in anderson following the tragic death of her mother . when the neighbor eventually saw the woman with the child , she said she found the baby to be 'lighter-skinned ' than she expected . the woman also had a bandage on her hand . the alleged kidnapper asked her neighbor to watch her house because she was going out of town . just days before the woman left , the neighbor said she saw her going back and forth from her house to her garage and carrying small plastic grocery bags . the neighbor said they had been texting regularly since the woman left . but when she texted the alleged kidnapper after she saw police enter her home on friday , the messages stopped . pawlak believes the alleged kidnapper was very familiar with fleming , and they are trying to work out how . the woman is not believed to be affiliated with child protective services in any way . ' she knew a lot about this mother , ' he said . ' enough to convince her she was with cps . '