a father has discovered that facebook photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter were used to set up a fake account and scam an austrian woman out of $ 4,000 . antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago , he told nbc dfw . she told him that someone using the name ' johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending heinrich online . scroll down for video . shock : antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned that his facebook photos were being used on a fake account - and ultimately scammed an austrian woman out of $ 4,000 . after a few weeks of friendly conversations with heinrich , the man said he wanted to marry her and move to austria to be with her and his daughter , she told valente . when he said he needed money to pay taxes in england , heinrich wired him $ 4,000 . she soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search google photos and discovered they had been stolen from valente . among the photographs shared by ' johnson michael lynn ' was also a photoshopped image showing valente 's face oddly placed on another person 's body in hospital . fake : the profile used his pictures but the name ' johnson michael lynn ' and claimed he was from ohio . scam : the profile showed photos of valente 's head pasted onto another person 's body in hospital , left , and images of his seven-year-old daughter , right . the scammer told the woman he wanted to marry her . the texas dad was stunned . ' it 's very scary to think someone could do this , ' he told nbc . but he also realized it was just the start of the battle . he wanted to report the problem to facebook to get the fake profile removed but , because the scammer had blocked him on the website , it did not allow valente to file a complaint . ' if you 're blocked , it 's circular , ' valente said . ' you ca n't do anything . ' after being contacted by nbc , facebook removed the profile . victim : marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , said she does not expect to get her $ 4,000 back . the company 's help page gives instructions on how to file reports about a user who is pretending to be someone else ; the reports can be filed even if the victim does not have a facebook page . the section can be found on the help page under ' report something ' and ' report a violation ' , which then gives a list of the violations , including how to file reports in a similar situation to valente 's . a facebook spokesperson told nbc that the process is being reviewed to make it easier . heinrich has contacted authorities in england but said she does not expect to get her money back . see below for video . 