oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport . for the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge , as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men . ansastaia chitty lifts the trophy aloft after oxford won the boat race , easing past cambridge on the thames . on the day the oxford sides shared the race route for the first time , they also shared the exact same winning margin , with the men going on to triumph in their race shortly afterwards . oxford women’s president anastasia chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew , but also for rowing and sporting equality overall . ‘it’s an amazing moment , ’ chitty told bbc sport . ‘ to pull something off like that is amazing . ‘ to row on the same stage as the men , there were so many women before us who have never had this opportunity and it’s extremely humbling . we started moving away early on and kept ourselves ahead . ’ the oxford crew celebrate their win over cambridge after dominating the race from start to finish . as the most decorated olympic athlete ever to race in either boat race , oxford stroke caryn davies underlined the quality on display in the women’s contest . the 32-year-old us olympics team star boasts silver at athens and gold medals at beijing and london in the women’s eight — and now a boat race victory to boot . ‘ i think that’s harder , i’ve got to be honest , ’ davies told bbc sport when asked how the boat race compared to olympic competition . the oxford women 's crew power to their win in the first women 's boat race on the river thames . ‘ there was almost three times as long to suffer . but there’s always less suffering when you win ! i’m just proud and honoured to have such attention . it shows how excited people are and i’m so glad we can be role models to young women everywhere . ’ oxford women finished in 19 minutes 45 seconds — 19 seconds ahead of cambridge . davies added : ‘ i could just hear so many people cheering along the banks and it didn’t matter it they were cheering for oxford or cambridge . just that they turned out was really great for us . ’ after oxford’s women breezed to victory , their male counterparts made it a dark blue double with victory in the 161st men’s race by an identical six and a half lengths . president constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory , completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with team gb’s men’s eight at london 2012 . the dark blues made a fast start and dominated the race against their cambridge counterparts . louloudis hailed the victory — oxford’s 11th in the last 15 years — and admitted he felt far more pressure than before , despite his three previous wins . ‘ i felt much more pressure this year , especially as i was leaving the guys , ’ louloudis told bbc sport . ‘ there were some pretty dark moments going in but i’m so pleased for the guys . we just stuck to our plan and executed a great race . ‘ this was a fantastic performance . it is a relief to win as we were firm favourites . ‘ rio remains the long-term goal but this race was so important for me and all of us . ’ they were true to form , surging ahead from the start . despite being quickly pegged back , they powered ahead during the middle section to dominate the race , finishing in 17 minutes 34 seconds — winning by 19 seconds as oxford’s women had before them . crew member michael disanto added : ‘ we knew what we needed to do and we wanted to go down as one of the best oxford crews ever . ’ louloudis lauded the achievements of the women’s boat on such a landmark occasion . ‘ this was an historic day and there is no reason not to be optimistic for the sport going forward , ’ he said . the cambridge crew kept going to the end but they were outclassed , eventually losing by over six lengths . 