reality star linsey ' jade ' berardi has died aged 22 . linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen . no details or cause of death have been released . the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ' we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ' jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12 . ' scroll down for video . tragic : bad girls club star linsey ' jade ' berardi has died aged 22 . ' our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts go out to her family , friends and fans . ' she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister . linsey , who was nicknamed the ' brooklyn brat ' on the show , voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant jada cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode . after initially believing the news to be a hoax , several of her co-stars have paid tribute to her on social media . brief stint : linsey , pictured in may last year , was booted off the oxygen network show on the second episode . her former nemesis jada wrote on instagram : ' sad to find out @ misslinseyjade life was cut so short ... despite our introduction on bgc we became cool and were able to let the bs go . ' she added : ' however she was taken , i pray it was a peaceful depart . we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand . ' ' however she was taken , i pray it was a peaceful depart . ' ' we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand . ' following another instagram tribute to linsey , jada cryptically tweeted : ' drugs ruin so many lives ' . castmate loren ' lo ' london tweeted : ' i pray that the news is not true but if it is i send my condolences to lindsey 's family and friends # bgc12 ' . the oxygen network said that lindsey 's family was asking , in lieu of flowers , for donations to be send to animal shelters to honor . oxygen says that in lieu of flowers , linsey 's family has asked for any donations be sent to animal shelters because she was a ' lifetime animal lover and passionate advocate ' . gone too soon : she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister . her former nemesis jada wrote on instagram : ' sad to find out @ misslinseyjade life was cut so short ... despite our introduction on bgc we became cool and were able to let the bs go ' . 