kfc has been forced to apologize to a shocked family after a restaurant broadcast a steamy sex scene while they were tucking into their dinner . gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9.30pm last thursday . but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television . scroll down for video . awkward : gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april ( pictured ) and their two young children at around 9.30pm last thursday . the sex scene , which featured full nudity and strong sexual content , was screened in front of the appalled couple 's 6-year-old twins . mrs whalen told news 9 oklahoma : ' mommy mode kicked in . i do n't think they need to be seeing this . the scene was from risque stars network show ' outlander ' - a british-american drama about a married world war ii nurse who time travels back to 18th-century scotland which has become renowned for its no-holds-barred steamy scenes . ' i 'm really shocked that they actually had stars at kfc , ' she added . dinner and a movie : kfc has been forced to apologize to a shocked family after one of its restaurants in oklahoma broadcast a steamy sex scene while they were tucking into their dinner . apology : kfc has pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed . her husband was able to capture the action on his phone and the footage has since been viewed 75,000 times . ' then the sounds started and everyone in the while place could absolutely hear it , ' added mr whalen who was seen in the footage laughing through the incident . kfc has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed . in a statement , the fast food chain said : ' we apologize for any negative dining experience that may have occurred as a result of the restaurant 's tv being changed without awareness or permission to a station showing inappropriate content . '