karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a ' phenomenon ' after the portuguese struck five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada . it was the first time in his career that ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid , a tally achieved in only 287 appearances . on sunday , benzema said on his club 's website : ' cristiano is a phenomenon , he is always looking for goals and ways to help the team . he deserves everything he has achieved . ' cristiano ronaldo ( centre ) scored five goals during real madrid 's 9-1 la liga victory against granada . benzema also scored twice after gareth bale had opening the scoring as madrid 's much-vaunted ' bbc ' strikeforce combined to score eight of their side 's nine goals , with the other coming from a diego mainz own goal . the frenchman added : ' him ( ronaldo ) , bale and me , we 're in good form , like always . we 're helping the team and sometimes we score and other times we do n't , but we 're in good shape to continue like that until the end of the season . ' ronaldo , meanwhile , was quick to highlight the role his team-mates played in his five-goal haul as he inched closer to becoming the club 's all-time record scorer . karim benzema , who scored twice himself , hailed his madrid team-mate ronaldo as a ' phenomenon ' . ronaldo performs his trademark celebration as his team-mates watch during the 9-1 rout at the bernabeu . raul currently leads the way with 323 goals from 741 appearances while alfredo di stefano is second with 308 goals from 396 matches . ronaldo wrote on twitter : ' happy to have scored 5 goals with this excelent team work . thank you for all your support . ' madrid 's performance was a timely one , coming after they had lost three of their previous five matches in la liga and the champions league - including a 2-1 loss to bitter rivals barcelona in their last outing . sunday 's win saw madrid close the gap to barca back to one point ahead of the league leaders ' clash at celta vigo on sunday evening , and coach carlo ancelotti is looking to the future with optimism . gareth bale scored for wales last week and kept up his scoring form with a goal against granada . he said : ' everything went to plan . my team are in good physical shape , the players are fresh and we showed that throughout the match . ' we played with a good tempo and scored bags of goals . we come away from this happy but this is just one game and we have other important ones coming up . ' it 's simple mathematics . it 's better to win nine games 1-0 than one 9-1 . but today we have to point out the good play , the team are back to playing as desired , just like they have played many times before . what mattered most was winning and playing well and we have achieved that . ' on ronaldo , the italian added : ' he has improved just as the team have . so , what can i say ... this is the first time he has scored five goals in a game and that is good news for everyone : for him , for the team and in terms of the upcoming fixtures ' . ronaldo now has 24 la liga hat-tricks - drawing level with barcelona star lionel messi . 