a dilapidated country mansion in the scottish highlands that was once the secret love nest of coco chanel and the earl of grosvenor has gone on the market for £3million . the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ' bendor ' grosvenor , the duke of westminster . the main house on the rosehall estate near inverness in the scottish highlands , which was once the secret love nest of the duke of westminster and coco chanel . the main house , pictured , has 22 rooms , which is set in 700 acres of land along with five separate out buildings that are on the market for £3milllion . the house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state , right . its most colourful history was when it was used as a secret love nest of the duke of westminster and coco chanel , left , the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer , with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929 . miss chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon , according to former prime minister winston churchill , who stayed with her at the property . she redesigned the whole of the building 's interior , making the property unique in the uk and despite leaving the home 85 years ago , a number of the rooms still bear her work . one of the rooms inside the main house , which still has the remants of the hand-blocked wallpaper shipped in from france by the french designer . the french designer painstakingly decorated each room in subtle , elegant hues , much of it based on the look of her paris apartment . a dilapidated bathroom in the main house . the estate , in the scottish highlands near inverness , was originally built in 1820before being bought by the duke . the downstairs vaults of the main house . it is on the market for £3million but also requires millions more to be spent on a full restoration . the french designer painstakingly decorated each room in subtle , elegant hues , much of it based on the look of her paris apartment . she had hand-blocked wallpaper shipped in from france , and oversaw local workmen as they put together simple fireplaces . churchill , a friend of the duke of westminster , stayed at the mansion in 1928 as he recuperated following an illness . in letter to his wife , clementine , the future pm described both chanel and the main house as ' very agreeable ' . as well as the main house on the 700 acre estate , it also comes with five outbuildings including a cottage set near to a wooded area . more of the outbuildings that come as part of the rosehall estate . former prime minister winston churchill also stayed there while recuperating from illness . he wrote : ' the air is most exhilarating , keen and yet caressing . coco got three fish yesterday . ' this morning it is raining , which is good for fishing . we all play bezique so that the time is not burdensome . ' coco is here in place of violet . she fishes from morn till night , and in two months has killed 50 salmon . she is very agreeable - really a great and strong being fit to rule a man or an empire . ' bennie is very well and , i think , extremely happy to be mated with an equal - her ability balancing his power . we are the only three on the river , and have all the plums . ' but the years and the harsh weather has n't been kind to the estate and it has not been lived in for 60 years . set within the 700 acre estate is a lake and an island . churchill wrote in a letter how miss chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon . the estate 's herb garden growing a selection of produce . the estate is regarded as one of the most expensive properties in scotland after going on the market for £3million . the view across the highlands from one of the windows of the main house . it is being marketed by lonfon-based estate agents re/max , who suggest it could be turned into a family home or luxury hotel . it now requires millions spent on a full restoration and , when ready , it could be returned to a stunning family home or converted into a luxury hotel . the estate has been put on the market with london-based re/max for £3 million - making it one of the most expensive properties for sale in scotland . it is thought that the duke and miss chanel were introduced in 1923 when the fashion designer was 40 by british socialite vera bate lombardi . the duke is said to have lavished her with expensive gifts , extravagant jewels and costly art and even provided her with a home in london 's prestigious mayfair . however , he is thought to have been devastated when she turned down his proposal of marriage , when she reportedly said : ' there have been several duchesses of westminster , there is only one chanel . '