a man dying of terminal cancer has decided not to check into the hospital but rather hit the streets as an uber driver . ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer , and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . instead , broskey , formerly a real estate agent , has taken a job with uber , hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house . scroll down for video . ken broskey ( above ) has stage 4 cancer , and has taken a job as an uber driver . this so he can earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren ( above ) can have his house . now he is getting a little help too from uber after they heard about his story . the company has donated $ 5,000 to the man , and is also donating $ 1 to a gofundme campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters uberpartnerken into their app when requesting a car before monday . this is all thanks to the work of roland gainer , a college student who started a campaign to help broskey after riding in the man 's car . ' his situation reminded me of the helplessness i felt watching my mother battle ( but beat ) cancer when i was in high school , ' writes gainer on the aforementioned gofundme page he set up for broskey . and in just a few days , the fundraiser has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal . roland gainer ( above ) , a college student , started a gofundme page for broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal . ' for ken , if we could buy him time , that would be our request , but we can’t , ' says gainer . ' we can , however , using our relationships and resources help to give him peace—and his family their home- in his final days . ' it is not just the money either , as boskey and gainer also seem to have forged a true friendship . says gainer ; ' my unlikely friendship with ken has defied age , race , geographic , and economic boundaries and is bound by the common good of mankind . ' he then adds ; ' but , it won’t defy time . '