a new york city skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first . manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ' glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring . with these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the new york post was like ' a dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client . but that has n't stopped skin-obsessed new yorkers from flocking to the manhattan location . scroll down for video . risky regimen : to get skin laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner . ' although rare , potential risks include blistering , crusting , itching , pain , bruising , skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation , burns , infection , scabbing , scarring and swelling , ' reads the waiver clients sign on an ipad before beginning their treatments . then , of course , there are the more fatal risks . clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ' for identification purposes ' , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated . yet despite such ominous language , fans of the ' addictive ' procedure seem undeterred . in fact , the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings - and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies for the staff to thank them for doing such a good job . ' you can say i’m hooked , ' josh hatfield , 27 , told the post , adding that he 's been to the clinic about 20 times so far . at $ 100 a pop , that 's some pretty pricey skin ' maintenance ' , as mr. hatfield calls it . for regulars like him , however , skin laundry offers bulk-buy packages that are sold at a discount ; mr. hatfield has a $ 360-per-month membership that grants him eight treatments . booming business : the new york location is the sixth for skin laundry , which also has clinics in california and arizona . ' we 're the future of facials , ' said founder yen reis , 36 , who gets the treatment two or three times a week herself . this particular facial is a two-step process , which the clinic says provides a deep clean for skin . clients don protective goggles as a nurse runs a laser over their faces twice . gel is slathered on the skin , followed by a pulsed light also applied by the nurse . in addition to the slightly troubling legal documents each client is required to sign , the treatment itself is not completely free from unpleasant side effects – including an unpleasant smell which a number of clients noted during their first treatment . ' the laser 's cleaning your face . it 's deep cleansing , ' a nurse explains to blogger carla mickelborg in a video carla took during her treatment . ' so that 's what your 're smelling . ' clients may not feel the need to worry about suspicious smells and potential health risks however because , despite the necessity of the waiver , there have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far . there have , though , been several claims that the treatment works , and word of mouth has proven a powerful promoter of its benefits . skin spa : clients of skin laundry 's facial lay down while a nurse uses a laser and pulsing light on their skin . her own biggest fan : founder yen reis , pictured , says she gets her company 's signature skin treatment two to three times a week . ' if i hadn’t had [ my friend’s ] testimonial beforehand , i may have backed out [ when i saw the waiver ] , ' said beauty blogger amber katz . jacqueline caterina , 33 , added that she has seen an improvement to her acne scars since starting to regularly visit skin therapy : ' after a couple of weeks i was like , `` wow ! '' ' however , nyc-based plastic surgeon dr. norman rowe told the post that he questions the effectiveness of the treatments , noting that they are n't very powerful if clients need to go so frequently . still , skin therapy does have a number of regular customers , allowing the company to expand to a total of six locations , with four in california and one in scottsdale , arizona .