the rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of ' pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions ' after the collapse of the latest case . the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer , joint master of the renowned cattistock hunt in dorset . following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year , the rspca is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases . the rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of ' pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions ' after the collapse of the latest case ( file picture of the boxing day hunt in lacock , wiltshire ) . the rspca has the power to bring its own prosecutions rather than rely on the police or the crown prosecution service ( cps ) . however last october , a report commissioned by the charity recommended abandoning the policy and leaving the job to the cps , which has more expertise . the organisation stressed that its main role is to focus on the rescue , rehabilitation and rehoming of animals , rather than taking people to court . a spokesman said : ' one of the questions we are currently looking into it whether or not we continue to prosecute under the hunting act . ' fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 under tony blair 's government , but groups continue to meet by using trail hunting , usually with a hunt member dragging the scent of a fox across fields and woodlands . other hunts use an exemption that allows dogs to flush out the animals from woodland which can then be shot . there were more than 400 prosecutions under the controversial hunting act between 2009 and 2013 . just 49 people were charged with hunting offences in 2005 , but this more than doubled to 110 by 2010 . the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer , joint master of the renowned cattistock hunt ( pictured ) in dorset . fox hunting with dogs was outlawed in 2005 under tony blair 's government , but groups continue to meet by using trail hunting ( file picture ) . however critics claim many of these people are prosecuted under the hunting act for poaching offences , rather than fox hunting , and that hardly any are from official hunts . in 2012 , the rspca spent £327,000 prosecuting the heythrop hunt , in oxfordshire . david cameron has ridden with the hunt . three defendants were accused of interfering with a badger sett while assisting the cheshire hunt in february 2012 . a year later the rspca admitted it did not have enough evidence . defendants’ costs of up to £10,000 paid by the taxpayer . in april 2013 , charity accused two defendants in the cheshire forest hunt of disturbing a badger sett but ten months later offered ‘ no evidence’ . in november 2013 , case against will goffe , 33 , of the ledbury hunt , near malvern in worcestershire , was dropped due to insufficient evidence . last month mr bryer 's case collapsed after the rspca pulled out of a three-year battle to prove he had broken hunting laws . his solicitor , jamie foster , claimed that the case had been flawed from the start . he said : ' there is video footage of my client laying legal trails before and after the alleged breach of the hunting ban which was not disclosed to us by the rspca . ' he said the laying of a trail , or a scent which the hounds can track rather than chasing a live animal , showed that the cattistock had behaved responsibly , not recklessly as the prosecution claimed . tim bonner , from the countryside alliance , said : ' we would welcome any decision by the rspca to leave the question of prosecuting hunts to the police and the crown prosecution service . ' the society has always faced a fundamental difficulty acting as a prosecutor while also being a political campaigning organisation . it can only be in the best interests of animal welfare that the rspca returns to its core principles rather than pursuing pointless prosecutions through the courts . ' an rspca spokesman said : ' whilst we have not changed our policy on prosecuting alleged offences under the hunting act we do n't have any other hunt cases pending at the moment . '