it 's truly squeaky bum time in the premier league relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams . sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season . question : ' what will it take for your club to stay in the premier league ? ' chris ramsey ( qpr ) . ' if we win three games i think we will stay up . it might take less . i 'm not saying that 's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning , starting with this weekend . to do that , we need to concentrate right to the end and make sure that our performances stay similar with a bit more defensive resilience . ' qpr manager chris ramsey ( centre ) feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . tim sherwood ( aston villa ) . ' i do n't know how many points it will take . we 've done alright . nothing 's been achieved yet . i 'm a new voice and given them a lot of belief and confidence that they are better than what they were showing . they have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win . something was probably a little bit missing previously . i want to make sure that i do n't take my foot off pedal . i 'll make sure the players do n't . ' tim sherwood ( left ) believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . nigel pearson ( leicester ) . ' we 've put ourselves in a position now where we have a more realistic chance . that 's where we are . if it raises optimism elsewhere , fine . if it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us , fine also . but as far as i 'm concerned it 's about making sure we 're back to business when we play burnley . because it 's a really big game for both sides . we 've got players in decent form . we want to keep the work ethic that we 've shown all season . ' leicester city manager nigel pearson ( right ) hopes his side can continue their momentum against burnley . sean dyche ( burnley ) . ' the biggest psychological difference is that others are talking about relegation . our fuel is about staying in the premier league . it 's a slightly different twist . ' others are scared of relegation . we 're not scared of relegation because we were told by everyone we were going to get relegated . we are actually looking for the goal of being in the premier league . ' sean dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation as a lot of people have written burnley off in the past .