the top-paying companies in america have been revealing - and film-streaming service netflix is near the top of the pile , paying a median of $ 180,000 a year . the other boldface name in the group is google , which comes in at no . 13 and pays an median of $ 143,000 a year . but to make it on to the payrolls of these top companies , workers needs to be highly educated , highly skilled or highly connected - sometimes all three . they fall into three categories - tech companies , law firms and consulting firms . netflix has come a long way from its days of mailing dvds to subscribers across the country . its 2,000 employees have a median salary of $ 180,000 now . nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector , according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company glassdoor.com . these firms are competing furiously to hire and retain the relatively small number of top-notch computer programmers who make silicon valley such a magnet for money . consulting and law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves , they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries . wall street law firm , skadden , arps , one of the largest and most prestigious law firms in the nation , comes in at the top of the list . the median compensation there there is $ 182,000 . skadden has 4,500 employees - more than 1,800 of whom are high-grossing attorneys . netflix , which has 2,000 employees , comes in second . management consultants take the three spots - strategy & , mckinsey & company and a.t. kearney all pay $ 160,000 median salaries . mozilla , the company that oversees the firefox web browser and turecar , which lists car sales , are both on the list . other than google , netflix , mozilla and truecar , most people have likely not heard of the companies of the highest-paid list . the companies are also mostly small and midsize . nearly all of them employ fewer than 5,000 people . some just a few hundred . google , which has 53,000 employees , is by far the largest employer on the list .