a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham . at a recent game , the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills . getting into the groove : a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . smile for the camera : it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . footage shows her enthusiastically flailing her arms in the air while swinging her head around . others who attempt to mimic her act lack the same passion . meacham previously told the i love memphis blog that she likes to drink coffee before playing the air bongos so she can give it her all . over the years she has become known as the bongo lady with thousands of followers on social media . caught on camera : spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham . dressed to impress : over the years she has become known as the bongo lady with thousands of followers on social media -she even has a basketball jersey with her nickname emblazoned on the back . she even has a basketball jersey with her nickname emblazoned on the back . she says her children are a little embarrassed about her drumming antics but sometimes her 16-year-old daughter joins in by playing the maracas . meacham has been a memphis grizzlies season-ticket holder for the past seven years . last year she was named nba tv 's fan of the year for her numerous air bongo performances . ' i like to think that i play enthusiastically and with aplomb . ' meacham concluded in an interview with the new york times .