just over a decade ago gianfranco zola was voted the greatest chelsea player of all time in a poll of the club 's supporters . this may seem a little premature , but as eden hazard prepares for to make his 100th barclays premier league appearance for chelsea at qpr on sunday , the little magician could have a rival in years to come . hazard is some player , one of the elite in english football with those dazzling runs and the sparkling feet that can open up the best defences in the league . eden hazard has developed into one of the world 's best players after flourishing at chelsea . hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances during his time with chelsea . hazard celebrates scoring against hull earlier this season as chelsea march towards the premier league title . this season he has been imperious , full of movement and flexibility as chelsea close in on a double of capital one cup and premier league in jose mourinho 's second season back at stamford bridge . after chelsea 's 1-1 draw with paris saint-germain in february at the parc des princes , mourinho demanded more protection from referees for hazard . chelsea 's dancing winger is a marked man . the pfa young player of the year had been fouled nine times , with laurent blanc 's team taking it in turns to nobble the chelsea no 10 in the first leg of their champions league second round tie . he has scored some special goals , 17 so far with another nine assists , as mourinho 's team close in on a fourth premier league title in the abramovich era . on sunday , april 26 the pfa players ' player of the year award could be his , joining a list of winners that includes luis suarez , gareth bale , wayne rooney , cristiano ronaldo , thierry henry and his chelsea team-mate john terry in recent times . he has grown to love english football , adapting to the demands of the premier league and the numerous managers he has already played for since his move from lille in 2012 . roberto di matteo was still chelsea 's manager when hazard tweeted that he was joining ' this season 's champions league winner ' ahead of his £32million move from france . he made an impressive start in the premier league , assisting the opening goal for chelsea in the 2-0 victory at wigan and winning the penalty for frank lampard to convert at the dw stadium . hazard joined chelsea from lille for £32million in 2012 after the blues beat a host to clubs to his signature . hazard was involved in a controversial incident at swansea when he kicked the ball as it lay under the ball boy . hazard was sent off after the ball-boy incident as chelsea were beaten in the capital one cup semi-final . hazard , his wife natasha and their kids enjoy some off time at disneyland paris . di matteo loved him as a player and he went through a notable dip in form when the european cup-winning coach was fired after the 4-1 defeat against juventus in the champions league . a few months later he was sent off when he infamously wrestled with a ball-boy during chelsea 's capital one cup semi-final defeat against swansea city at the liberty stadium . he finished the season with a europa league medal after chelsea 's victory over benfica the amsterdam arena , but it is the arrival of mourinho that has transformed his game . last season there was a period of frustration among chelsea 's first team players because they shared the view of the coach that they had signed a world class talent . despite his ability he was often one of the first to leave after training , heading home to his family - wife natasha and their two young children , after a quick shower and lunch with his team-mates . slowly he has bought into dressing room culture . there is a ruthless streak about him these days and mourinho , to his credit , drew it out of him after meeting hazard 's father , along with his lawyer , after belgium 's disappointing world cup in brazil . hazard has grown in stature since he was handed juan mata 's old no 10 shirt , requesting the jersey after the winger left for manchester united in january 2014 . the no 10 shirt is also the number of his hero zinedine zidane , the player a young hazard idolised when he was making his way through belgian football before his move to lille . in recent times he has been encouraged to drift across the front three positions , interchanging with oscar ( in the centre ) and willian ( on the right ) when it takes his fancy . hazard helped chelsea win the europa league under rafa benitez when they beat benfica in the final . hazard , pictured alongside luis suarez , was named the pfa young player of the year last season . hazard added a second trophy to his chelsea collection this season when the blues won the capital one cup . jose mourinho transformed hazard 's game after he suffered a dip following the departure of roberto di matteo . mourinho poses with hazard after he was named chelsea 's player of the year last season . he is the focal point of chelsea 's attack , a willing outlet with a first touch that you can melt when he takes it on the instep of his right boot . he has been scoring goals again , adding to his tally this season in recent weeks with strikes for club and country as the season hurtles towards the finish line . at 24 he is maturing nicely , a humble man who impressed chelsea 's hierarchy during the complex negotiations over a new contract towards the end of last year . he has never been responsible for the glut of stories linking him with a move back to france to play for paris saint-germain and he consistently told the club that he was willing to remain at stamford bridge . hazard 's contract talks were reminiscent of gary neville at manchester united , leaving it with the club to determine the terms on his new five-year contract . chelsea settled on £200,000 a week . to those who know him , he speaks of trophies and a hunger to be remembered as a player who contributed to one of the most successful periods in chelsea 's history . given time , he could even be remembered as the very best . hazard recently signed a bumper new five-year deal at chelsea worth £200,000 a week . in hazard , gianfranco zola may soon have a rival as chelsea 's greatest ever player .