detectives probing the suspected murder of a landlady who disappeared 17 years ago have dug up the patio of her pub . deborah steel , 37 , who ran the royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry , but the 37-year-old 's body has never been found . the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation . deborah steel , 37 , who ran the royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . detectives probing the suspected murder of the landlady have dug up the patio of her pub - the royal standard ( pictured ) . a 73-year-old man is on bail until 29 april and two others , aged 70 and 50 , have since had theirs cancelled . officers carried out a preliminary search of the area outside the pub earlier this year . a team revisited the pub earlier today and dug up the patio but said they found no clues . last september officers carried out another unsuccessful dig at a house in the town where deborah once lived . police believe the 37-year-old was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry . the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation . the same month deborah 's sister gini secker , 47 , from nottingham said the unsolved case was a ' heavy burden ' for her family . she said : ' i find it so very sad that our father went to his grave without knowing the truth of debbie 's whereabouts . ' it has been a heavy burden to carry all these years and all we wish for is the answers so we can lay debbie to rest at last . ' a spokesman for cambridgeshire police today said : ' the search is being undertaken with the full consent of the present landlord , who is not connected with the investigation . ' anyone with any information should call 01480 425880 or crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555111 .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .