photographer seth casteel 's unique pictures of dogs swimming underwater managed to captivate an international audience , but now he has a new subject : babies . casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson . the pictures for his new book , underwater babies , reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world , chubby-cheeked , curious , mischievous , and playful , all captured in his up-close-and-personal signature style . scroll down for video . super swimmer : zoe ubiera is five-months old and was one of 750 babies that seth casteel photographed . caped crusader : the babies also added their own flair with this one dressed in a cape and mask . unsinkable : seven-month-old zelda calmly paddles along as seth casteel snaps away . oceanic : nine-month-old khyleigh takes like a duck to water as she swims towards the camera . his pictures are innovative and take on an air of excitement as the youngsters swim beneath the waves . casteel says he was drawn to create his new book , underwater babies after hearing of the shocking statistics of the numbers of children that drown . kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation . ' the book is a celebration of babies , but there 's definitely a serious element to it , ' casteel told today.com . ' a big reason i wanted to make this book is to promote the cause of water safety for babies . i just want to let people know about the benefits of these classes and that they are something to strongly consider . ' he created the book by heading along to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states . he photographed around 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create underwater babies , which will be released on april 7 . acquatic : michael , 12 months , explores underwater with his goggles on . playful : valentina , nine months , takes a dip underwater with her rattle . under the sea : a seven-month-old named ayla takes the plunge in a mermaid costume in photographer seth casteel 's new book , underwater babies . serene : casteel hopes to use the adorable photos of babies like 4 1/2 month old michael to promote water safety for toddlers . ' i only had a limited window to really seize that moment in time because they can only go underwater just for a moment , ' casteel said . ' i could only take four or five pictures really quickly . maybe the baby turned or there were bubbles or the instructor got in the way . i was never frustrated because that 's the nature of it . you get what you get . ' apart from promoting his new 70-page book containing his creative pictures , casteel said that he was eager to get the message across about water safety . he was spurred along after hearing a story about an 18-month old baby who drowned in a pool at a family reunion where over 40 people were present , yet the baby died after being left unattended . floater : this 11-month-old named warren is happy in the few moments he has beneath the pool 's surface . snapshot : casteel often only had a second or two to capture the images of babies like emerson who is 7 months old when they briefly went underwater . the babies in the pictures are being taught to 'self-rescue , ' in which babies are taught to hold their breath underwater , kick their feet , turn over to float on their backs and rest until help arrives . the technique was pioneered in the late '60s by harvey barnett , who at 18 became determined to teach infants to swim after the drowning of a neighbor 's child . his methods have spread around the world and are now taught in numerous clinics and imitated widely . underwater babies by seth casteel is published by headline on 7th april at £11.99 . diver : casteel shot photos of more than 750 babies across ten states including this 11-month old named colton . super scuba : claire is seven-months old but she appears calm as she swims silently .