condition : jessica knight ca n't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings . it 's not the first time a child has been accused of eating her parents out of house and home – but in jessica knight’s case , it’s literally true . the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings , and doctors say they are unable to treat her . hardly anything is off the youngster’s menu , with the filling from a rocking horse , padding in an armchair and even carpet underlay taking her fancy . other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks . jessica suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . it is more commonly recognised among pregnant women , some of whom develop unusual cravings . ‘ i was really shocked when i realised just how much she was eating . if you lift up the carpet in her room now you can see there is no underlay left , ’ said her mother , kelly will . ‘ we are at our wits’ end . we try to keep her busy so she doesn’t do it , but if we try to stop her she will find a way to do it . ‘i’d have to remove everything from my house , including all chairs and sofas . ’ miss will , 36 , first noticed the problem when jessica was two and began eating the filling from a children’s armchair . staff at her pre-school also spotted her licking her hands and placing them in a sandpit before sucking the grains from her fingers , before tell-tale signs of snack-attacks became clear from the damage to items around the house . jessica , who has a three-year-old sister , jennifer , is now allowed to keep a small purse filled with some of the spongy underlay to eat . cravings : jessica 's pica makes her want to eat substances including sponge , sand and even rocks . worry : kelly knight says doctors are unable to treat jessica until she is six years old . her mother , who lives in march , cambridgeshire , with partner chris knight , 40 , an engineer , said : ‘we’d rather she ate the underlay because it is non-toxic . if we try and stop her we fear she will eat something with chemicals in it . ’ pica is an eating disorder that is characterised by the desire to eat items with little or no nutritional value . these can include stones , sand , paint and dirt . it is most common in people with learning disabilities and during pregnancy . it can cause a range of serious complications if the person is eating something that is poisonous or indigestible . these include being poisoned by toxic ingredients and having a part of the body obstructed ( which is often seen in people who eat hair ) . it can also lead to excessive calorie intake , but also nutritional deprivation if the person eats a substance with no nutritional value instead of nutritious foods . the person can also damage their teeth and be infected with parasites . experts have examined jessica but said they can not intervene until she is six , and old enough to make conscious decisions about what she eats rather than acting on impulse . fortunately , she does like plain sausages , cheese strings , rice pudding , bread , weetabix and fish fingers . but her unusual snacks can leave her in agony because they cause stomach cramps and constipation . despite her tender years , jessica is aware that her diet is highly unusual , and does worry what people would think of her craving different food . she also shuts her little sister out of their shared room when she is satisfying one of her cravings , saying : ‘ i don’t want her to be poorly . ’ the family will find out this month if jessica is on the autistic spectrum , which is often linked to pica . the challenging behaviour foundation , a learning problems charity , said : ‘ it is estimated that four to 26 per cent of people with learning disabilities display pica behaviour . ‘ whilst some objects pass through the body without harm , pica can potentially be life-threatening . risks include vomiting , blockages , choking and poisoning . ’ dr alison sansome , clinical director at cambridgeshire community services nhs trust , added : ‘ pica is a complex condition and treatment is dictated by the specific circumstances in each case . ’ damage : half of the carpet underlay in jessica 's bedroom has vanished because she has eaten it . control : jessica 's parents have given her a purse full of bits of sponge to eat .