paris saint-germain 's then sports director leonardo declared the club were ready for tougher competitions in europe two years ago but tuesday 's champions league quarter-final exit suggests they need more time to reach the top . psg were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona despite zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returning to the ligue one side but coach laurent blanc was not really shocked . ' those who follow barcelona know the patience required to win the champions league . you need the means , but also some patience , ' blanc said after the 2-0 defeat at the nou camp , which followed last week 's 3-1 humbling at the parc des princes . laurent blanc looks on as his paris saint-germain side were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona . ' the first qualified for the semi-finals are barca and bayern munich . paris will certainly be there one day but you have to understand we need time , ' he said after psg 's third successive quarter-final exit in the tournament . once again , sweden striker ibrahimovic failed to shine in a big game in which his attacking partner edinson cavani , despite his limitations , seemed more involved . psg saw off chelsea in the previous round but that was more of a one-tie thing , with thiago silva and david luiz scoring after ibrahimovic had been sent off in the second leg . luiz was below-par in the last two games , being at fault on four of the five goals psg conceded against barca , but psg 's problems are collective , conceded midfielder blaise matuidi . blaise matuidi says that psg are still not ready to win the champions league and still have work to do . david luiz was given a torrid time over the two legs and was at fault for four of barcelona 's goals . ' barcelona are an institution , a club who have been at the top level for a long time , like real madrid or bayern munich , ' the france international said . ' we have been around for five years only . ' psg were bought in 2011 by qatar sports investments ( qsi ) , who invested massively in the club hoping to win europe 's premium club competition . while they never look threatened in the group stage , psg have been failing against top-notch opposition . ' let 's be realistic , they were better than us . they will probably win the champions league , ' ibrahimovic admitted . star men zlatan ibrahimovic ( left ) and marco verratti were unable to influence the game in psg 's favour . ' as far as we are concerned , it is not possible to reach that goal on short term . we have made several big steps and we were eliminated by a superb team . ' let 's not lie to ourselves , it 's just reality . ' psg will now focus on winning the ligue 1 title for the third consecutive season -- a goal more suited to their capacities -- with a possible treble on the cards as they won the league cup and will play the french cup final on may 30 . they are second in the standings behind olympique lyonnais on goal difference but have a game in hand .