there is a passage in diego torres’s book , ' the special one - the secret world of jose mourinho ' , which goes a long way to understanding the practices of chelsea’s manager . in the english version of torres’s biography , the exchanges between mourinho and cristiano ronaldo in the dressing room at real madrid start on page 138 and finish five pages later . here is an abridged version of the alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of the 2011 champions league semi-final against barcelona , when ronaldo had made it clear he expected los blancos to be more adventurous in the bernabeu . jose mourinho makes a point to oscar and his brazilian team-mate willian during a game at stamford bridge . mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before , by cristiano ronaldo at real madrid . oscar holds his head in his hands after missing a good chance at stoke , where he was replaced at half time . oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january . here is is full recent record : jan 31 manchester city ( substituted , 89 ) . feb 7 aston villa ( substituted , 73 ) . feb 11 everton ( unused ) . feb 17 paris saint germain ( substitute , 83 ) . feb 21 burnley ( substituted , 72 ) . mar 1 tottenham ( substitute , 88 ) . mar 4 west ham ( substituted , 74 ) . mar 11 paris saint germain ( substituted , 45 ) . mar 15 southampton ( substituted , 82 ) . mar 22 hull ( substitute , 61 ) . apr 4 stoke ( substituted , 45 ) . according to torres , the real madrid coach told his star player : ‘i’m going to say it to your face : you complain that we play defensively . but do you know why we play this way ? for you . ‘ because , as you don’t want to defend or cover the wings , i have to have the team sitting deep ... when you come on , you do your own thing . ’ that meeting , held in the presence of the great zinedine zidane , apparently lasted 40 minutes . real madrid drew the second leg 1-1 and barcelona progressed to the final , where they beat manchester united 3-1 at wembley . team meetings are a theme of mourinho’s management , giving his players the floor during the fallow periods that inevitably occur during the course of a long season . it is a pragmatic approach , one to be admired , unless you happen to be one of the players who challenges mourinho’s coaching philosophy . you can not blame oscar , the current fall-guy , for encouraging chelsea to play with a sense of adventure at a team meeting that took place during their wobble at the end of january . when you can call upon oscar , eden hazard and willian , why wouldn’t you ? oscar has been put back in his box in recent weeks , failing to start or finish a full 90 minutes in all competitions for chelsea since the 1-0 victory over liverpool in the capital one cup semi-final second leg on january 27 . the brazilian midfielder has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of chelsea 's last 11 games . mourinho demands that the likes of oscar work hard on their defensive roles to free eden hazard 's flair . the brazilian forward has not completed a barclays premier league match since the 5-0 victory at swansea city , where he scored twice for the league leaders , 10 days earlier . oscar put chelsea ahead in the opening minute at the liberty stadium and his second , when he beat swansea keeper lukas fabianski in the 36th minute from the edge of the area , is the last time he has scored . since the 1-0 victory over liverpool in the capital one cup at stamford bridge , oscar has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of chelsea’s last 11 fixtures . here is the record in full . manchester city ( substituted , 89 ) ; aston villa ( substituted , 73 ) ; paris saint-germain ( substitute , 83 ) ; burnley ( substituted , 72 ) ; tottenham ( substitute , 88 ) ; west ham ( substituted , 74 ) ; paris saint-germain ( substituted , 45 ) ; southampton ( substituted , 82 ) ; hull ( substitute , 61 ) ; stoke ( substituted , 45 ) . against everton , on february 11 , he was not in the squad . naturally oscar has some concerns , worried that his views at a routine team meeting have been misinterpreted by this most demanding of managers . oscar was disappointing during last weekend 's win , and mourinho hit out at his performance afterwards . the chelsea star tries a fancy flick but little of what he tried came off during the win against stoke . it is believed to have been innocuous , an observation from a player who has been a popular and respectful member of the chelsea dressing room since his move from internacional in 2012 . he is certainly not regarded as a troublemaker . it was oscar , after all , who is so highly-regarded by the coaching staff at chelsea that he was considered a potential , future rival to the annual duel between lionel messi and ronaldo for the ballon d’or . when oscar returned from the world cup , where he scored the 90th minute goal for his country in their 7-1 rout by germany in the semi-final , his first-class attitude to the new season was noted by coaching staff . despite the disappointment over the summer with the national team , he was eager to please mourinho as he entered his third season with chelsea . in november , his sparkling form was rewarded with a new five-year contract , a move designed to keep him in that role off the main striker , diego costa , until 2019 . all was well . oscar was dejected after brazil 's world cup semi final defeat , but he returned to chelsea with a good attitude . the chelsea midfielder suggested the side should be more positive with the likes of eden hazard and willian . when oscar arrived at the club he was thought of as a future ballon d'or winner , but his place is now in doubt . there is a touch of brian clough about mourinho’s attitude towards him , a nod in the direction of the famous response he gave when asked about the way he dealt with disaffected players . ‘ we talk about it for 20 minutes and then we decide i was right all along , ’ clough once remarked . oscar is certainly learning all about that as he deals with mourinho’s mood swings . ‘ no , i don’t think he had a bad performance , i just think his performance was not good enough , which is a huge difference , ’ claimed chelsea’s manager after their 2-1 victory over stoke city on saturday . naturally there is a little uncertainty about oscar’s performances at the moment , reluctant to try anything out of the ordinary because of the potential consequences . oscar knows , like everyone else knows , that if you take on mourinho , he will take you off .