landslides have exposed trails of dinosaur footprints running along a near-vertical rock face in bolivia . and although the angle of the prints could suggest the lumbering reptiles were avid mountaineers , bolivia’s cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity that forced the earth upwards . the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . boliva’s cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity , forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways so that dinosaur tracks are seen on a vertical ' wall ' ( pictured ) . the wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet ( 120 metres ) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs , the daily beast reported . some of them are more than a metre in length , indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period - a time in which the majority of dinosaurs lived . at first glance , it appears that large dinosaurs such as the titanosaurs and armoured ankylosauruses hauled their considerable bulks up the incredibly steep slope , which measures one mile ( 1.5km ) . but the imprinted rock was once horizontal before being pushed upwards by tectonic activity . the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , bolivia ( left ) , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints ( right ) – and frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . the wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet ( 120 metres ) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs . some , like the one pictured , are large . in 2009 , fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world 's largest dinosaur prints . measuring 5ft ( 1.5 metres ) wide , they were made by long-necked sauropods 150 million years ago and were found in chalky sediment in the jura plateau of eastern france . it 's thought the late jurassic dinosaurs were more than 75 ft ( 23 metres ) long and weighed up to 40 tonnes . palaeontologist jean-michel mazin of france’s national centre of scientific research , said at the time , from the prints , ‘ we can calculate their size and speed , find out about their behaviour and learn how they got around . ' ‘ they were very hard to see because there were a lot of little stones ( on the ground ) , there was grass growing there , and you really had to have a trained eye to notice something , ’ dr mazin said . the area was not mountainous when the dinosaurs were alive and the region had lots of water and islands , meaning the tracks were preserved by the sea and sediment . this activity thrust a huge slab of earth upwards , which dried into limestone and now resembles a cliff face . however , the site looked very different millions of years ago , when the region was muddy and flat . the dinosaurs left their mark while walking along the shoreline of a large lake . there are layers of prints preserved in the limestone because the marks hardened in dry periods , before being covered in preservative mud , enabling the process to start again . paleontologist klaus schutt also suggested that a huge volcanic eruption threw millions of cubic metres of ash into space 68 million years ago , which gradually covered the prints to protect them , unesco reported . a decade after the discovery , which was made by miners in the mid 1980s , palaeontologists began to document the prints . due to the spacing of these prints , experts can use them to reveal clues about the dinosaurs’ gait , build and lifestyle . one set of tracks , for example , revealed two lines of prints with a smaller pair , suggesting a baby walked alongside its parents , while another set , now known as johnny walker , was made by a baby t.rex . when some are removed , or crumble away , more are revealed underneath . while there may be more precious footprints yet to be found , some experts say cal orcko , which means ‘ lime hill’ in the quechua tongue , is under threat from human activity . the imprinted rock was pushed upwards by tectonic activity , thrusting a huge slab of earth upwards , which dried into limestone and now resembles a cliff face ( pictured ) . at first glance , it appears that large dinosaurs ( such as the one pictured ) as well as titanosaurs and armoured ankylosauruses , hauled their considerable bulks up the incredibly steep slope . the site , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre ( shown on the map ) attracts 120,000 tourists every year , which some believe is a threat to the site , as well as a nearby cement works that uses limestone . the dinosaurs left their mark ( pictured ) while walking along the shoreline of a large lake . their tracks dried in the hot season and were preserved before more mud and possibly volcanic ash covered and preserved them . the site attracts 120,000 tourists every year , while a nearby cement factory pulls limestone from a local quarry . ‘ the cliff has been quite affected by the many years of extracting the raw material , ’ elizabeth baldivieso , administrator of cretaceous park which protects the fossil filed , told afp . but she has been branded an alarmist . a decade after their discovery , which was made by miners in the mid 1980s , palaeontologists began to document the prints ( some of which are shown ) . due to the spacing of these prints , experts can use them to reveal clues about the dinosaurs’ gait , build and lifestyle . while there may be more precious footprints yet to be found , some experts say cal orcko , which means ‘ lime hill’ in the quechua tongue , is under threat from human activity . here , a volcanic rock containing a print is on display at the bolivian park .