jeremy clarkson is set to appear on the bbc again just weeks after he was sacked from top gear for punching a producer . the tv host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show have i got news for you later this month . it is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from top gear after a ' fracas ' with producer oisin tymon , one of the show 's producers , over a steak dinner . scroll down for video . jeremy clarkson hosting a previous edition of have i got news for you . he is set to appear on the bbc show on april 25 , just one month after being sacked from top gear . clarkson was dropped from the motoring show by the bbc on march 25 , but will be the guest presenter on have i got news for you on april 25 , with filming taking place the day before . it is understood that bosses at the corporation took weeks to consider if he should be allowed to host the show before deciding saying although his top gear contract was not renewed , he is n't banned from appearing on the bbc . clarkson is one of the quiz show 's most frequent guest hosts , having fronted it on 11 occasions and also appearing as a panellist once alongside quiz captains paul merton and ian hislop . last month , jimmy mulville from production company hat trick , which makes have i got news for you , confirmed that the former top gear host would appear on the show , calling him a ' fantastic broadcaster ' . clarkson was sacked from top gear after punching producer oisin tymon , pictured , after a row over a steak dinner . he told a meeting of the broadcasting press guild : ' as far as i 'm concerned he is hosting have i got news for you , the bbc has not told me what to do yet and it will be an interesting conversation . he also joked : ' maybe we will get the producer on so he can hit jeremy clarkson live on television . ' the show will also mark the first time that clarkson has appeared on the bbc since the last edition of top gear was screened on march 8 . yesterday , it was revealed that the 54-year-old would not face prosecution over the attack , which led to his sacking from the show . police had opened an investigation into the incident , which took place at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire last month after clarkson had been filming top gear in the area . however , after the victim mr tymon said that he did not want to press charges , north yorkshire police has now decided to drop the probe without taking action against clarkson . the incident , described as a ' fracas ' by bbc officials , occurred when clarkson discovered that the hotel where he was staying could not serve him a hot meal following a day 's filming . an official report found that the 54-year-old presenter punched mr tymon in the mouth before being dragged away by a witness , causing the producer to go to a & e for emergency treatment . he also verbally abused him for 20 minutes , blaming mr tymon for failing to ensure that he could get a steak at the hotel . the bbc has said that top gear is likely to return and continue in some form , but co-presenters james may and richard hammond are not expected to return . it is not yet known what mr clarkson 's next move will be although he has been linked with a switch to another channel . with the decision not to press charges against him , the tv presenter is now free to chase new deals , which could possibly see him travel abroad to the us , where he would have faced difficulty gaining a visa if he had been convicted . however , he is set to take part in a series of top gear live shows alongside co-presenters richard hammond and james may , although the performances will be rebranded . the bbc has said that top gear is likely to continue in some form , but mr hammond and mr may are not expected to return . the star had received widespread public support - including from his friend prime minister david cameron - in the aftermath of the fracas , and one million people signed a petition calling for the bbc to reinstate him . but bbc director-general tony hall said ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . police are still investigating threats to kill mr hall , reportedly linked to his decision to axe clarkson . mr hall , former chief executive of the royal opera house , took over the £450,000 bbc post in april 2013 to replace george entwistle , who left the corporation in the wake of the jimmy savile sex abuse scandal .