gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on us television about notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville . sinn fein president gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ' what happens in wars ' . in an interview on us television , he sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like mrs mcconville’s murder happened ‘ in every single conflict’ . the comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles . she was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in belfast in front of her children . she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer , suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead . her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on shelling hill beach in county louth in 2003 , ending decades of torment for her relatives and enabling them to finally give her a proper burial . last year mr adams , who has long denied he was even in the ira , was arrested by police investigating mrs mcconville’s murder . he denied any involvement and was released without charge . but then last month , the influential american magazine the new yorker named gerry adams as a former ira commander who personally passed ‘ death sentences’ on its enemies . it published a damning 15,000-word assessment of allegations against him and claimed that adams himself issued the order to ‘disappear’ mrs mcconville . the mother-of-ten , pictured with three of her children , disappeared from her belfast home in 1972 . in an interview with cbs this weekend , mr adams insisted that he did not know about mrs mcconville’s killing . he said that he only reported himself to the police last year after a ‘ tsunami of stories’ about his alleged involvement that were based on reports of interviews given by former ira paramilitaries to boston college in the us . mr adams said : ‘ they ( the police ) said that i was a senior manager of the ira at managerial level so i’m bound to have known . i told them i didn’t . in the preview of the interview , which will be shown in full on sunday , cbs presenter scott pelley said : ‘ it was known to the ira and you’re saying you didn’t know ? mr adams said : ‘yes’ . mcconville 's daughter helen mckendry described gerry adams as having ' blood on his hands ' . mr pelley asked : ‘ how do you orphan 10 children ? what kind of depravity is that ? ’ mr adams said : ‘that’s what happens in wars , scott . ‘that’s not to minimize it , but that’s what american soldiers do , british soldiers do , irish republican soldiers do , that’s what happens in every single conflict . ’ the comments sparked anger from mrs mcconville’s family . helen mckendry , now a grandmother , was one of the 10 mcconville children orphaned when she was suffocated with a plastic bag and shot in the head . she said : ‘he’s a liar ... i would like gerry adams to stand up and admit he played a part . ‘ this man has blood on his hands and i want him to pay for what he did . ’ mr adams’ arrest last may caused uproar among his supporters and , in his view threatened the peace in northern ireland that he helped broker with the good friday agreement in 1998 . in the cbs interview , mr adams said he decided to contact the police himself because he was ‘ sick , sore and tired of a tsunami of stories based upon these tapes linking me to mrs mcconville’s death’ . mr adams told cbs that he never pulled a trigger , ordered a murder or set off a bomb during the troubles . he said : ‘ i don’t disassociate myself from the ira . i think the ira was a legitimate response to what was happening here . ‘ i never will ( disassociate himself from the ira ) . but i was not a member of the ira . ’ 