a banksy mural painted on the only remaining piece of a bombed out house in gaza could be reunited with the homeless owner who claims he was duped into selling it for just $ 200 . gaza police have seized the work ' under a court order ' from bilal khaled , who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value . the now homeless family in the impoverished islamist-run palestinian enclave says they were ' tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector 's item by the world famous street artist . scroll down for video . the niobe mural has been seized from bilal khaled , accused of buying the work painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value . it is now being held at khan yunis public library . the mural painted on the darduna family 's door ( left ) and the doorway of the ruined house after it was sold . at the end of february , the artist , who chooses to remain anonymous , released an online video showing three works he painted on the walls of gaza homes destroyed in israeli air strikes . the disputed graffiti shows greek goddess niobe weeping on a metal doorway which was all that remained standing of the darduna family home . khaled said it ' will be stored at khan yunis public library until this issue is resolved ' . rabie darduna confirmed this to afp , adding that the family ' has filed a complaint against bilal khaled for fraud and to demand justice in retrieving the graffiti ' . khaled countered : ' i 'm going to exercise my rights over this graffiti because i have the paperwork to prove that i own it . ' the elusive banksy produced the artwork during a secret visit to gaza that was blasted in a summer war last year between israel and the hamas movement that runs the territory . it is now the focus of an increasingly bitter dispute between the dardunas and khaled . rabieh darduna , 33 , earlier told afp he had been approached by a young man calling himself bilal khaled and claiming to be a news agency photographer and journalist . the remains of the darduna family home east of jabalia , in the northern gaza strip . a palestinian boy stands in the doorway that previously held the banksy mural of weeping godess niobe . a photographer takes a picture of the mural . the man who bought it claims he has paperwork to prove he owns it , but the darduna family say they feel cheated by the sale . ' he said it was his agency that had painted the graffiti on the door and other doors , and that they now wanted to recover them , ' darduna said . ' he gave me 700 shekels ( around $ 200 ) and went off with the door . ' darduna said he later felt cheated for letting the door go for so little when collectors have paid more than a million dollars for a banksy . the artist 's works were seen as a damning critique of israel 's bombardment of gaza as it battled hamas , destroying or damaging more than 100,000 homes and killing nearly 2,200 palestinians , most of them civilians . banksy 's murals also include a giant cat painted on the last remaining wall of a gaza home playing with a ball of twisted metal . the artist 's online video about his trip to gaza was entitled ' make this the year you discover a new destination ' . banksy is believed to have started out as a graffiti artist in london , although his identity remains shrouded in mystery . his murals have been chiselled out of walls and sold for large sums in the past .