while you were stuck in a traffic jam this easter , the rich kids of instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world 's most beautiful locations , exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties . your average package holiday wo n't do for these youngsters who travel by private jet , sleep in presidential suites , wake up to scrambled eggs topped with truffles - and spend the rest of the day lounging on a luxurious yacht . mailonline caught up with the world 's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in miami , new york , marbella and monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife during spring break . while the glamorous scolaro sisters ' partied with a-list movie stars ' , self-made millionaire tomer sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach . and their message to the ' haters ' remains exactly the same : ' keep watching and enjoying . there is more to come . ' scroll down for video . jet-setter : ' sometimes it 's not about where you go , but rather how you get there , ' says marcus w.a . as he boards a £2 million private jet . travel in style : for 25-year-old andreas arnhoff from norway it is more about the journey - on a luxury yacht - than the destination which just so happens to be the gorgeous beaches of miami . glamorous : and when she needs to get to the other end of monaco or milan , lana scolaro ( pictured ) takes a pristine bentley continental . loaded : online trader and workaholic tomer sror travels light with one of his many passports , his $ 1,000 hermes loafers and piles of cash . businesswoman : having grown up between new york , monaco and london , with her sister stephanie ( right ) , 20-year-old fashion designer lana scolaro ( left ) knows nothing but the jet-set lifestyle . whether on a £2million phenom e100 private jet or a brand new bentley continental , they travel in style . and no one does it quite like 18-year-old marcus w.a . who ' constantly needs to be on the move ' and hates being in ' one place for two weeks ' . in the last two months alone , the native new-yorker has flown to costa rica , nantucket , boston , the hamptons and switzerland , where he stayed in the famous badrutt 's palace and skied every single day . but not before heading down to louis vuitton to pick up a gold and brown document holder worth over £750 which has made several appearances on his opulent instagram account . the young investor says it 's not all fun , games and champagne - telling mailonline : ' i would n't exactly say that life is just one big holiday because while i travel i 'm not just sitting there and relaxing i 'm always networking or doing meetings . ' but the concept that life is just one long fun trip that is constantly moving around definitely can describe my mindset . ' 20-year-old lana scolaro and her sister stephanie - who have been travelling back and forth between countries since they were young children - have become pretty used to the jet-setting lifestyle . lana told mailonline : ' we were just in la partying with our usual crowd and a lot of the same friends we hang with in saint bart 's . ' we hung out at the beverly hills hotel a lot with some friends who are actors we 'd prefer not to name , and went to some cool house parties in the hills . ' but tomer sror who describes himself as a self-made man believes vacations should be spent relaxing with a beautiful girl . he told mailonline : ' unlike the other kids i have had to work for the money so ''vacation '' is what i do . i ca n't just be away all the time because i 'm running a business but i still try to take time off as much as i can . ' high-fliers : while most 20-somethings would shack up in a local hostel , the jet-setting scolaro sisters spend their vacations in monaco in the cafe . scenic : and instead of hiring a cheap rental car for a cross-country road trip , andreas arnhoff does the trip in his porsche turbo before enjoying a beautiful panoramic view of oslo fjord . wish you were here : 20-year-old businesswoman lana scolaro says she travels to promote her jewellery business as much as to have an adventure . ca n't stop : marcus w.a . who ' constantly needs to be on the move ' used his mind-blowing trip to machu pichu in peru to satisfy his need not to be ' one place for two weeks ' . playtime : after spending time in los angeles and london , lana was delighted to be back in her ' playground ' of monte carlo . unlike most 23-year-olds who would book into a local hostel , he spent his time between the presidential suites of the elysium in rhodes which set him back around £1,000-a-night and the eilat in israel which costs at least £500-a-night . for lana who grew up between new york , london and monaco , travelling both a hobby and a necessity to promote her luxury jewellery company lana scolaro diamonds around the world . she said : ' in the last few months i 've invested a lot into my new up and coming jewellery collection which involves rare sapphires , rubies , emeralds and diamonds . ' and despite his own desire to unwind and relax , even tomer takes time away from the jet-ski and presidential suite to make a quick '209k profit ' . the online trader 's instagram account is packed with huge piles of cash in different currencies and screenshots of his enormously lucrative trades . following a post of tomer asleep on a bed of money is a which suggests he made a staggering €209,000 in a single day . he told mailonline : ' money never sleeps and too much is never enough . i admit that i work a lot . i do n't like being lazy . i 'm very motivated and always wish to grow more and expend . ' same is the case for globe-trotting marcus who told mailonline : ' i would n't exactly say that life is just one big holiday because while i travel i 'm not just sitting there and relaxing i 'm always networking or doing meetings ! ' quick round : 26-year-old andreas arnhoff spends his time in the united states at the glorious miami beach golf club with his friends . soaking it in : lana scolaro ( pictured ) , prefers to spend her time working on her tan on a west-hollywood rooftop in los angeles . getting dirty : go-karting is a no-go for native new-yorker marcus w.a . who enjoys a spot of dirt racing in sunny costa rica . big money : self-made israeli businessman tomer sror ca n't bare to leave the office at home and manages to make a quick few hundred thousand while on vacation . stunning : the scolaro sisters lana ( left ) and stephanie ( right ) still manage to fit in a bike ride on venice beach in between their many meetings . despite the extreme levels of wealth he flaunts on his social media site , the 18-year-old insists he is not out to make people jealous or infuriate the so-called ' haters ' - but to inspire people to reach higher . he said : ' to me i think anyone who takes instagram that serious is just being silly . my followers like luxury content and inspiration to do better and when i can give that content its great . ' i hope that all my followers are happy with the content i bring to them and with every like and every comment i am motivated to keep it up . in addition , keep in mind there are certainly people out there who are crazier than me and spend much , much more and whenever i look at their pages i do n't get mad . norwegian real-estate developer andreas once joked that he preferred his porsche cayenne turbo over his exquisite rolls royce ' for the comfort ' . he previously ran the marketing department in the family business and used his savings - and a little borrowed cash from the family - to buy his apartment in oslo , norway . he has been spending his spring break relaxing on his yacht in miami harbour , enjoying florida 's beautiful open golf courses and road-tripping across europe in his pristine porsche . mile high : marcus even relaxes in style wearing his vintage ray bans and expensive time piece in the back of a £2million personal jet . chilling : andreas ' choice of hang-out spot after a yacht ride and a round of golf in miami is n't too shabby either , as he stretches his legs in the marquis residence in miami where apartments cost up to £3.2million . sunset cocktail : what better way to relax and watch the sunset after a busy day of business meetings in malibu than dinner at the exclusive nobu restaurant rooftop . cheers : and tomer who says he is ' unlike the other kids ' because he ' had to work for the money ' says there is nothing better than using your vacation to kick back and relax .