everton will look to extend darron gibson 's contract this summer as he recovers from the latest injury setback of his career . roberto martinez confirmed on thursday that the republic of ireland international will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage , but expects him to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery . gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months , not least when he ruptured cruciate ligaments , and his position at goodison park could be regarded as vulnerable , particularly as everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in tom cleverley in the summer . everton midfielder darron gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal . everton manager roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . cleverley , who has spent the season on loan at aston villa , will become a free agent in july when his manchester united contract expires and , given they have worked together before at wigan , he is a player martinez will consider recruiting . but martinez has moved to assure gibson he has a place in his plans . the 27-year-old was signed by david moyes in january 2012 and has 12 months remaining on his current deal but his manager is already looking at his situation . ' this injury has arrived at such a bad moment because he was back from another long-term injury but it 's something we 'll look at in the summer , ' said martinez . ' i 've been very pleased with darron . coming back from that sort of injury you do n't reach 100 per cent for a long time . everton will look to extend gibson 's contract this summer as he is treated for his latest injury setback . martinez has moved to assure gibson he has a place in his plans despite holding an interest in tom cleverley . ' but when he 's been on the pitch , he 's performed really well . from the leicester game , all his performances have been really influential . though he 's now injured , he 's been able to show his worth and for me he is an important player that we want here for the future . ' we are going to see him . but i 'm not too worried . it is a tricky injury because if you do n't heal it properly , it could come back . we need to make sure he is 100 per cent . if he is fully fit for pre-season , that would be fantastic . we do n't have another player like him in the squad . ' we are trying to support him . he can add that calm feeling , he has shown his worth and what he is capable of adding . but it is tough , i wo n't lie . it is devastating for him . we just have to look at the positive that he does n't need surgery . at one point , it looked very likely . ' cleverley is a target of martinez and with his manchester united contract running out a move could happen . cleverley played under martinez at wigan , on loan from united , and has been at villa park this season . having won their last three matches against newcastle , qpr and southampton , everton have put together their best sequence of results in the barclays premier league for more than 12 months to clamber away from a potential relegation scrap . there is no chance , however , of them qualifying for europe next season but martinez does not think their potential to make new signings in the summer has been effected . he feels the club 's progress over the last four years means they are strong enough to withstand this disappointment . everton have put together their best sequence of results in the barclays premier league in over a year . martinez does not think their potential to make new signings has been effected by a lack of european football . ' within football when you face an opposition losing or winning does n't affect players , ' said martinez . ' it 's how you lose and i think every player who 's faced everton this season will have come out with a real respect and a real appreciation of the way we play as a club . ' we do n't rely on 10 months of results , we 've got a bigger picture of what we 're trying to achieve and what we 've got in the squad , particularly in terms of the younger players who have been given incredible roles . so i think the perception of everton has improved in the last 12 months . ' we know the positions that we need to strengthen in the summer . it 's something we 've worked really hard on since january in order to identify those targets but a lot of decisions will depend on how we perform in the last seven games . it 's going to be a very important end of season for us . ' martinez says he has ' got a bigger picture ' of everton 's progress and does not rely on 10 months of results . 