a jealous boyfriend stabbed his love rival to death after he threatened show intimate photographs of her to her imam father . gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in the east london mini cab office where his victim worked . the court heard that nargis riaz , 22 , was terrified that mr afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam . gulam chowdhury , left , stabbed his love rival mohammed afzal , right , 20 times at an east london cab office . the old bailey heard that mr afzal had threatened to show intimate pictures of nargis riaz , to her imam father . the old bailey heard that ms riaz had been involved in a relationship with chowdhury and mr riaz for several weeks before the murder on march 24 , 2014 . her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man . chowdhury told ms riaz , a second year law student at city university , the attack was justified in islam claiming : ' cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife . ' later he reassured her : ' do n't worry little angel , it 's me who 's a psycho not you . ' chowdhury showed no emotion today as a jury of seven men and five women found him guilty of the murder of mr afzal , 22 , on march 24 last year . riaz , who was also standing trial for murder , faces a retrial after the jury failed to reach a verdict after 21 hours and 37 minutes’ deliberation . co-defendant muhammed khan , 23 , was acquitted of assisting an offender . the court heard ms riaz had been dating both chowdhury and mr afzal in the weeks before the murder , but kept both relationships from her strict parents . dramatic cctv footage showed masked chowdhury storm the e20 minicab company in stratford broadway , east london on march 24 last year . muhammad khan , pictured , was acquitted of assisting an offender at the old bailey . he vaulted the counter armed with a carving knife as riaz was stood outside during the frenzied attack . detectives investigating the murder found a series of texts from chowdhury to her in the weeks leading up to the attack . in one message , chowdhury repeatedly asked riaz if she wanted his rival dead and told her : ‘ no one hurts nargis and lives’ . having converted to a strict form of islam while held in an immigration detention centre , chowdhury regularly quoted the quran in his messages to riaz . he told her : ‘i’m going to sort this out and sort it proper , i will use the flame from my ancestors to burn the world of this scum . ’ he also wrote in another message that his ancestors were ‘ fearless lions that would kill for honour’ . chowdhury claimed killing was justified by islam and included a passage from the quran which said : ‘ cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife’ . in another text he wrote : ‘ i need to kill someone’ . prosecutor sandip patel qc said riaz was treated ‘ like a queen’ by mr afzal , but had threatened to show intimate pictures to her parents during a ‘ difficult phase’ in their relationship . ‘ they had known each other before and had been boyfriend and girlfriend in the past but mr afzal was unaware miss riaz was at that time seeing mr chowdhury , ’ he said . riaz , who also worked at primark in hackney , claimed she did not believe chowdhury would carry out his threats . chowdhury , from barking , denied , but was convicted of murder . he was held at broadmoor secure hospital prior to the trial , and was initially deemed unfit to plead due to mental health problems . riaz , also from barking , denied murder . khan , from dagenham , essex , denied assisting an offender between march 24 and march 26 , 2014 and was acquitted . speaking outside the court , detective inspector euan mckeeve of the homicide and major command said : ' gulam chowdhury carried out a ferocious assault on mohammed afzal . the level of violence used was shocking and ensured that mohammed would not survive the attack . ' whatever mohammed 's motives were for the actions he took in attempting to maintain his relationship with a woman , he did not deserve to be murdered . ' it is thanks to the thorough and meticulous work of my officers who have worked tirelessly since mohammed 's murder that we have managed to prove chowdhury planned , and then executed , this vicious assault which ended in the savage murder of a young man . ' eyewitnesses described how chowdhury was wearing a distinctive ' jd sports ' shoulder bag shortly before the murder . officers then were able to place him at the scene using cctv footage and mobile phone cell data analysis . chowdhury is due to be sentenced on may 1 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .