england midfielders jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city’s summer shopping list . the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up — goalkeeper joe hart has often been the only one this season — and liverpool’s henderson and arsenal’s wilshere are deemed to be realistic targets . city also maintain an interest in liverpool’s unsettled england forward raheem sterling , with 36-year-old veteran frank lampard set to leave and 29-year-old james milner likely to follow him out of the etihad stadium . england midfielder jack wilshere ( right ) is a surprise target on manchester city’s summer shopping list . wilshere tries to cut inside during his appearance for arsenal 's under 21 side on tuesday night . liverpool 's jordan henderson is another surprise name among targets of manchester city for this summer . manchester city also maintain an interest in liverpool 's unsettled forward raheem sterling . henderson , 24 , has come to city’s attention because he has only one year left on his liverpool contract . their concern about wilshere , 23 , who has over two years left on his arsenal deal , is his injury record . he has yet to return to arsene wenger’s side since having surgery on his troublesome left ankle in november . there is a well-trodden path between arsenal and city over the past five years . the manchester club , who offer far bigger salaries , have spent £80million on samir nasri , bacary sagna , emmanuel adebayor , kolo toure and gael clichy . frank lampard was among the few english representatives for manchester city at selhurst park . joe hart ( centre ) was the only england player that started while james milner ( right ) came on as a sub . wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal as he stepped up in his return from injury at the emirates . henderson clears the ball during liverpool 's defeat by arsenal at the emirates in the premier league . and city will certainly need to make bids in excess of £30m to tempt arsenal or liverpool to sell . not all of city’s targets will be english , though , with the club willing to use france star nasri and bosnia forward edin dzeko as bait in a deal to sign juventus midfielder paul pogba . pogba , a 22-year-old france international , was on manchester united’s books before moving to italy . city see him as the long-term successor to the fading yaya toure , although pogba could cost as much as £60m . nasri and dzeko have had poor seasons and are expected to be part of a summer cull . juventus midfielder paul pogba is another target of those at the etihad for this summer 's transfer market . pogba , a 22-year-old france international , was on manchester united’s books before leaving for italy .