the cringeworthy , yet strangely addicting footage of whiteheads being popped , cysts being ruptured and blackheads being extracted has turned a dermatologist into an internet sensation as thousands of people flock to her video channel to catch a glimpse of ' dr pimple popper ' in action . dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show , but online she is known simply as dr pimple popper , a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients ' extractions on her youtube channel . the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit . ' i find this little subculture fascinating , ' dr lee told racked of her followers . ' i pop these things , and yeah they kind of make me feel good , they’re satisfying , but it’s not like i seek them out . ' scroll down for video . all in a day 's work : dermatologist dr sandra lee , who known as dr pimple popper online , shares videos of herself extracting her patients zits on her popular youtube channel . day job : dr lee , from upland , california , can be seen using a comedone extractor to pop one of her patient 's blemishes . dr lee explained that when a patient comes in she offers to tackle their blemishes in exchange for them allowing her to post the videos of the process online , while keeping the clips as anonymous as she can . and she noted that , despite the somewhat gruesome nature of her youtube channel , ' nobody ever says no ' . before she shot to internet fame , dr lee 's channel , used to only feature a selection of tv segments that she had done , only had a few thousand followers . however , when she joined instagram , she started posting short clips of her actually treating patients , a decision which quickly garnered her much more interest , prompting her to start putting full-length clips up on youtube , starting with a video of her extracting a man 's blackheads . ' i didn’t realize how big it would be , ' she said of the video , which has received more than 360,000 views since it was posted in december . dr lee explained that she was such an ' amateur ' at the time ; she barely knew anything about reddit and was ' floored ' when she learned that her video was being shared on a popular pimple popping subreddit . the experience opened her eyes to an entire community that she had no idea existed . the doctor , who is now well-known on the subreddit , said the people are ' really wonderful ' . big break : dr lee became an internet sensations after she posted this video of herself extracting a man 's blackheads on youtube . the clips was later shared on reddit and helped her to earn a loyal fan base . but dr lee questions whether she is a ' true popper ' because she does n't actually enjoy watching people squeeze and poke their whiteheads and cysts on their own . ' i don’t watch any of the other videos , ' she said . ' they all kind of gross me out ! when they’re amateur , i don’t want to hear screaming , i don’t like that stuff . ' but pimple popping has quickly become a key part of dr lee 's occupation . in fact , it 's basically the family business ; both her father and her husband are dermatologists as well . according to dr lee the most popular types of popping are the extractions of blackheads and whiteheads , and she has now come to learn that there are two different varieties of video – ‘ a soft pop and a hard pop ' . ' some people just like blackheads , it’s like soft porn , a soft pop , ' she noted . ' and then there’s a hard pop , where people like more of a cyst . ' in march , dr lee posted a ' best of soft pop ' video montage has been viewed more than 500,000 since it was posted last month . ' i 've been listening to you guys , and i hear that there are two general groups of you pimplepoppaholics : some like the softpop , some prefer the hardpop ! ' she wrote in the description . ' of course , some of you like it all , but i thought i would try to make as many of you happy as i can . here 's a soft pop best of ... i 'll have a hardpop best of later today for you . enjoy ! [ sic ] ' free time : the dermatologist , pictured in a selfie posted on her instagram account , is now well-known among the pimple popping community on reddit . basic extraction : dr lee said videos of blackheads and whiteheads being removed ( pictured ) are most popular . and many commenters lauded dr lee for her rapport with her patients . dr lee , who uses her iphone and imovie to shoot and edit the videos , told racked that she likes to show the ' human side ' of her patients by having them share their back story . she said that her favorite clips are of a patient she calls ' pop ' , who recently lost his wife to a ' chronic , painful sickness ' . ' what 's amazing is that what started as a video of my squeezing the blackheads on his nose has transformed into the wonderful feel-good human interest story , ' she told daily mail online . she continued : ' they were inseparable , and he has had trouble adjusting to his new life in an assisted living facility . he has both financial and emotional stress , and he tells a little of his story in his videos . ' after hearing pop 's struggles , dr lee 's youtube and reddit followers asked her to start him a gofundme page so they could help him financially . the page , which was started on april 15 , has already already exceeded its $ 5,000 goal - raising $ 5,665 in just eight days . family business : dr lee can be seen with her husband dr jeffrey rebish , who is also a dermatologist . addicting videos : dr lee can be seen extracting a blackhead from one of her patients . ' he knows a little about what is going on , but does n't know yet how much people have donated to help him out in his current situation , ' she explained . ' he would be shocked to hear that well wishes are coming from all over the world . ' one commenter who made a donation noted : ' this gentleman reminds me of my grandpa . i wish him all the best , he is such a gentle soul . lots of love from a french girl in the uk x [ sic ] . ' dr lee said she plans on visiting him in his new home and present him with all the cards , messages and money that people have given him next week . ' i ca n't wait to see how surprised and touched he will be , ' she said . as for her extraction technique , dr lee told racked that it 's ' not completely sterile ' , but she uses clean gloves and a comedone extractor , which she said costs less than $ 20 . although she warned that people should n't pop their pimples because they can risk scarring , she admitted that she is guilty of squeezing her own zits at home . for people who absolutely have to pick , dr lee advised them to use a warm compress and prick the blemish with a sterile needle when it comes to a head . but she he added that she ca n't ensure anyone that they are n't going to scar when they take matters into their own hands . dr lee , who is also a skin cancer surgeon and a cosmetic surgeon , explained that she has posted videos of her doing other procedures , but people are n't as interested in them . ' people might construe that i’m addicted to this stuff , but i’m not , ' she said of work as dr pimple popper . ' this isn’t everything that i do . in fact , it’s a very small part . '