a man killed more than 1,000 dogs in russia as revenge as he believed the strays were responsible for giving him tuberculosis , a trial heard . danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets around vladivostok as they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out . the 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally even people 's pets . danila kislitsyn ( pictured at his trial ) has been found guilty of killing 1,000 dogs by giving them poisoned sausages . officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously which had left him in a weakened state . he was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists who had spent two years monitoring kislitsyn who would sometimes kill as many as a dozen dogs a day . kislitsyn had to be sent for psychiatric tests ahead of the trial but was found fit to stand . but animal charities were furious when judge olga yerokhina handed kislitsyn a fine of just £200 . the trial heard that kislitsyn , pictured with a police officer at his trial , claimed it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets saying they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out . judge olga yerokhina sentenced the 31-year-old , who also believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis , to pay just £200 for the canine genocide . activist sarah pirogova from the charity animal defender said : ' he was responsible for a dog genocide in his neighbourhood , sometimes a dozen bodies of dead dogs could be spotted on the streets in single day . ' he says he only targeted strays but very often people 's pets were also poisoned after eating a piece of sausage that he had laced with poison . ' activists tested the sausages and found that not only were they poisoned , they also contained tablets designed to stop the dogs vomiting so that they could not throw up the lethal food . she added : ' we tried to confront him about it but he was extremely violent and would use spray before running off , so we finally decided to hand a report to police . ' we are disappointed with the result but hope that he will not want to pay another fine and will now stop what he has been doing . '