floyd mayweather has taken a very public swipe at his ' haters ' ahead of his fight-of-the-century bout with manny pacquiao next month . the 38-year-old boxer has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account . the 15-second video shot by director james ' jp ' dayap , a proud member of the money team brand owned by mayweather , hits out at his supposed haters . scroll down for videos . cash : floyd mayweather ( pictured ) has shared a video to his 5 million instagram followers where he hits back at his supposed ' haters ' . party : the 15-second video showing off his extravagant lifestyle even features a room full of half-naked girls twerking ( pictured ) for his amusement . fighting talk : the word ' haters ' appears at the start of the video , leaving no doubt about who it is directed at . wealth : rapper yo gotti 's song blares over footage of the five-division champion inspecting his fleet of super cars ( pictured ) . petrol head : mayweather then walks past another row of expensive cars which seem to include porsches and ferraris . bling : the footage which was shot and edited by director james ' jp ' dayap - a proud member of mayweather 's the money team brand - features rows of jewel-encrusted watches . super-fight : the 38-year-old boxer ( pictured ) is expected to earn around £120million for his upcoming bout against manny pacquiao . rapper yo gotti 's song blares over the footage of mayweather 's opulent life and essentially lists his many expensive possessions which include : ' big crib , ten cars , twenty acres . ' as the lyrics boast ' i could write a book about money ' , the five-division world champion sits at his coffee table counting his endless piles of cash . the video then cuts to rows of luxurious rolex watches adorned with jewels and mayweather standing proudly in front of his las vegas mansion . a few seconds of the video even show four half-naked women twerking , supposedly for the boxer 's pleasure . it surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history , when he takes on eight-division champion manny pacquiao . with the two fighters ' management teams and the hosts mgm grand locked in a stand-off between ticket allocations , they have yet to go on public sale . money : the floors of floyd mayweather 's house seems to be lined with hundreds of bank notes ( pictured ) . the instagram video also shows the many luxurious properties owned by mayweather , including his las vegas mansion ( pictured ) . jewels : the video showing off mayweather 's unbelievable wealth and expensive possessions surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history . business : mayweather 's the money team clothing brand ( logo pictured ) has been worn by stars like justin bieber and billionaire warren buffet . ' normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight , ' according to connor gregoire , an analyst for seatgeek . he added : ' it is bizarre ... to our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' tickets for the fight were expected to cost between £1,000 and £5,000 in the 16,500-seat grand garden arena in the las vegas casino . but those prices have incredibly tripled in the resale market before they have even gone on public sale . mayweather 's promoter said that tickets would go on sale this week for the may 2 fight but mgm grand 's officials have been tight-lipped about their availability . scenic : near the end of the video , the legendary boxer surveys a beautiful scene from a balcony . rich : mayweather shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and luxurious properties with his instagram followers . the hotel issued a statement on friday saying there would be a ' limited number of tickets available for sale ' and that it is working with promoters to finalise a date for their release . meanwhile pacquiao 's manager blamed the opposing fighter 's camp for holding up the ticket sales , claiming they refused to sign an agreement drawn up months ago . michael koncz said : ' it 's a real mess right now ... i can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the hold up ? ' millions of dollars are at stake in the dispute because after the mgm takes its share , each camp gets a certain percentage of tickets and is able to resell them with ticket brokers for higher prices .