an armenian expat who shows australians how to cook a ' real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation after his daughter posted his hilarious video online . yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ' khorovats ' recipe at a recent family gathering . in the video mr garginian , who moved to australia from armenia in 1977 , dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ' oily ' sausages . his daughter elizabeth garginian , 24 , posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across facebook , youtube and instagram . scroll down for video . an armenian expat who shows australians how to cook a ' real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation . yervand garginian ( left ) , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed the video at his nephew albert 's ( right ) house during a recent family gathering . in the video mr garginian says : ' hi guys , i want to tell you what , this is the real barbecue ok ? ' not your barbecue with the sausage , it 's all oily thing you eating , this is the real barbecue which is called armenian barbecue . ' once you eat you 're going to eat your fingers together too , and then you 're going feel sorry you eat your fingers . ' ms garginian said she never anticipated the video would be so popular when she first posted it from her clothing business casual dress day 's youtube account . ' my boyfriend posted it on reddit and within one hour it was on the top page of videos , and within the next hour it was on the front page of reddit and it went to number two , ' she told daily mail australia . in the video mr garginian , who moved to australia from armenia in 1977 , dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ' oily ' sausages . he is pictured here with his wife hasmik . ' we were awake all night staring at it - it was crazy . ' i think it 's just because it 's funny , the way my dad explains it is funny . ' ms garginian said her father was enjoying his newfound internet fame . ' he 's pretty excited , he 's happy that the whole world 's seen his barbecue . ' the video was filmed at her cousin albert 's house to celebrate a new veranda mr garginian had just helped to build . ms garginian said the chicken was marinated in spices overnight according to a secret family recipe . she said her family often gathers together so her father and uncles can cook the traditional barbecue for everyone . his daughter elizabeth ( right ) and her boyfriend denis arbatov ( left ) posted the video to reddit . ' all the uncles will gather around early and stand around the barbecue and drink vodka , ' ms garginian said . ' whenever my dad and uncles have been out at parks doing armenian barbecue they always receive attention from the public , and they always let people come over and try some to share our culture . ' whenever they 're doing it the smell takes over the whole street . ' ms garginian added that unlike her father , she also enjoys australian-style barbecues . ' i like sausages on the barbecue , i like a sausage sizzle , but it 's so different to the type of barbecue we do . ' 