lauren crawley was given a new platinum implant . facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly . lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again , as she tells thea jourdan . the patient . a few years ago i started losing my sense of balance and developed tinnitus - my gp referred me for scans which showed i had a large but benign brain tumour behind my left ear . surgery was the only option . thankfully the operation , in july 2012 , was a success . but my facial nerve , which was wrapped around the tumour , was damaged . i 'd been warned that facial palsy could be a side-effect , but it was still a shock seeing my face in the mirror - the left side was droopy . apparently , it 's the same thing that can happen after a stroke . i felt very self-conscious , but the problems were n't just aesthetic . i 'd lost the hearing in my left ear as well as my sense of taste , and my mouth became dry . eating and speaking were difficult - and , worst of all , my left eye was permanently open and i could n't even blink with it . to close it , i had to push the upper lid down with my hand . the eye itself was dry and painful . to sleep , i had to seal it closed with tape . i 'd been told that about half those with the condition do improve , so i was hopeful . i tried lots of things to improve the muscle tone , including facial massages , taught by a physiotherapist . i also had electric impulse therapy to shock the muscles back to life . but nothing worked . it was very stressful - i stopped socialising as much , in case people stared . after a year , it was clear the nerve would never work again so i was referred to raman malhotra , a plastic surgeon at the facial palsy clinic at the queen victoria hospital . he explained he could put a special platinum chain into my eyelid which would weigh it down and help it close by itself - i 'd be able to open the eye easily because the muscle controlling this was n't affected . apparently , surgeons used to use gold , but platinum is better because it does n't irritate the eye 's inside lining . it is also more dense than gold , so you need only a thin chain , which meant people would barely see the implant through my eyelid . i had the operation under sedation and local anaesthetic in february last year . surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it . my eye was wide open as they injected anaesthetic into my eyelid and the skin around my eye , then made lots of tiny stitches into my eyelid to hold the chain in place . it was strange watching it all but did n't hurt . i went home that day , and the difference was immediately obvious . the eye gently shut , and stayed shut , of its own accord . i could go to sleep without needing tape . i ca n't feel the implant , no one can see it , and i can blink normally . the procedure has made me look more normal - people do n't stare as much . it 's really boosted my confidence . the surgeon . raman malhotra is a consultant oculoplastic surgeon at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead . around 100,000 people in britain have facial palsy . it can be caused by a stroke , if the stroke affects the area of the brain that sends signals to the facial nerve . it can also be a result of traumatic injury , damage after surgery , or simply because of a virus damaging the facial nerve - this happens in bell 's palsy , which affects more than 28,000 people a year . facial palsy affects not just appearance , but lots of functions , too . the facial nerve - which rises from the bottom of the brain on both sides , then sends branches across the face - controls the tongue 's taste buds , for instance , and the salivary glands , so patients may suffer from dry mouth . most also have difficulty blinking , because the nerve controls the muscle that makes the eye blink shut . however , it does not control the levator muscle , which holds it open . while many patients will recover , with symptoms easing within eight weeks , lauren 's facial nerve was too damaged to regain function . when she first saw me , her left eye was wide and staring because the lower lid was also pulled down and sideways . this can cause all sorts of problems , from dryness to injury . five years ago , i would have recommended a gold implant - in the shape of a very thin bar - fitted under the eyelid to allow her to close the lid . the extra weight makes the eyelid heavier , so it closes automatically when the levator muscle relaxes . this procedure is used widely across the nhs . but i now believe platinum is much better . it 's 10 per cent more dense than gold , so you can make the implant thinner without losing weight . platinum is also inert - gold will cause reactions , such as irritation and inflammation , in about 5 per cent of people . the left side of her face was droopy - until now . i helped design a special system of individual links of platinum which we can join together with nylon to create a chain of the desired length and weight . for lauren , i used three links weighing 0.4g each . this is much easier than stitching in a single bar of metal and then finding that it is too heavy or light . this way , we can easily add or remove a link . in 2013 , we carried out a study at queen victoria hospital , using platinum chain implants on 18 patients . only two needed adjustments and 80 per cent said that they hardly noticed the implant , compared with just 20 per cent of patients who had a gold implant ( the study will be published in the british journal of ophthalmology ) . first , we anaesthetised the skin around lauren 's eye . then , on a workbench , i linked the correct number of platinum links to form the weight i required ( i 'd previously done a trial run , sticking temporary weights to the outside of her eyelids to check the weight ) . i made an incision across the outside of her eyelid , where it makes a natural crease , making sure not to cut through to the eyeball . i placed the links inside this incision , above the eyeball , stitching the chain in place from the outside in , before closing the incision . these nylon stitches stay in place for several years before being reabsorbed by the body . by then , the links will be embedded in surrounding tissue . when the chain was in place , and the eye was open , it sat above the eyeball so it did not come into direct contact with that delicate part of the eye . even when the eye is shut , the implant does n't touch the cornea . when lauren wanted to blink , her brain switched off the levator muscle , which keeps the eyelid wide open . the corresponding muscle , the orbicularis occuli muscle , which should pull the eyelid down , does not work in lauren 's case because it is controlled by the facial nerve . the percentage of stroke patients who are affected by facial weakness . however , the new chain meant that the eyelid was sufficiently heavy to fall , thanks to gravity . although it was n't a perfect solution - at first , lauren 's eye closed more slowly than a fully functioning eyelid - at least she could blink again . over time , the blinking gets better as muscle tone improves . risks include infection and bleeding , but these are rare . i hope the implant will last lauren a lifetime and that platinum implants will become the treatment of choice . any drawbacks ? ' gold upper eyelid implants have been used for decades for facial palsy , ' says saj ataullah , a consultant oculoplastic surgeon at manchester royal eye hospital . ' platinum is more expensive , but seems to be better since it is inert and does not cause reactions . and as the implants are less bulky , it 's also superior cosmetically . ' this chain segment innovation seems to work well . any procedure can result in post-operative problems , but these appear to be rare . 'longer-term follow-up is needed before we can conclude that chain-link implants are truly superior to other platinum weights , such as bars . but they are promising so far . ' the operation costs around £3,000 privately . the nhs does not automatically fund it .