a husband sot dead his eight-year-old son and wife before killing himself at a gas station in georgia last night . christopher whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son grayden in the backseat and killed his child before turning the gun on melissa ball , 27 , and then himself . police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in varnell . killed his family : christopher whitmore murdered his wife melissa ball ( left ) , 27 , and their eight-year-old son grayden ( pictured together , right ) before turning the gun on himself at a gas station in georgia last night . ball was seen pulling into the joint shell station and mcdonald 's in her ford focus at around 7pm , when her husband drove up behind her in his 2010 dodge . both had got out of their cars when whitmore drew a handgun and started shooting . a tennessee man named jeff holmes , who said ball was his niece , wrote on facebook : ' please pray for our family . my beautiful neice melissa ball and her son grayden were taken from us tonight in varnell georgia . we are in total shock . ' according to her facebook page , ball worked at a pediatrician 's office in dalton . police say all of the victims lived in beaverdale , around ten miles east of varnell , new york daily news reports . horrific shooting : a gas station in varnell , georgia was seen cordoned off last night after christopher whitmore shot his son , wife and then himself . a recent picture of her has attracted a flood of comments from bereaved friends , with one writing ' such an angel ' and another posting ' miss you so much already dear friend ' . sheriff scott chitwood told the dalton daily citizen the couple had ' domestic issues ' . police received the call at 6:49pm that people had been shot in the parking lot of a convenience center at 3896 cleveland highway . chitwood added : ' investigators have determined ms ball pulled up to a gas pump at the shell station in her 2013 ford focus and immediately after she pulled up christopher eric whitmore drove up and parked directly behind her . investigation underway : police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated . ' they both exited their cars and both walked to the back door ( passenger side ) of the 2010 dodge mr whitmore was driving . ' investigators determined at that time christopher eric whitmore pulled out a handgun and shot their son while he was sitting in the back seat of the dodge . ' whitmore then immediately pointed the gun at ms. ball and shot her , and then shot himself . '