one-eyed police murderer dale cregan ( above ) is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital . one-eyed police murderer dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell , sources said . but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , has apparently stopped eating . he is hoping to be transferred from the category a prison to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside , the daily star sunday reported . before the fallout sources told the star that cregan had an enhanced status and was allowed additional time in the games area and yard , as well as a flat-screen tv and dvd player in his room . but the benefits were taken off him after he was caught smuggling for a second time . ' cregan has burned all his bridges in here , ' the source said . ' he has not eaten since he was sent into segregation . that is 30 days of not eating . ' ashworth hospital offers comfortable bedrooms and patients are allowed personal items such as cds , photos and books . art and music workshops , pottery and cooking classes , and social events such as bingo and film nights are also offered to the patients . cregan went on the run in 2012 after murdering david short , 46 , and his son mark , 23 , in a bar fight . the killer , who lost an eye in a separate brawl , lured officers bone and hughes into his house four months later with a fake 999 call . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester ( above ) , formerly strangeways , a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell , sources said . he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone ( left ) and nicola hughes ( right ) in 2012 . he fired 32 bullets at the women while they stood on his doorstep before throwing a grenade at them . he was convicted of all four murders and the attempted murder of three others in a high profile court case at preston crown court in 2013 . the ministry of justice said it does not comment on individual cases .