court bill of £500 : kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury’s store in coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground . a grandmother of four told of her fury today after being fined more than £500 for dropping a cigarette butt . kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury’s store in coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ‘sprinting’ towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . miss copeland was then issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year , but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated . however , after failing to pay , she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at nuneaton magistrates’ court on march 17 . she was then fined £304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £200 court costs . miss copeland was unable to attend the hearing because she had to look after her son chez , 17 , who has autism , and has now criticised the city council for taking her to court . she said : ‘ i was doing some shopping and was walking back home and cut through a couple of car parks . i heard these tyres screeching behind me and all of a sudden two women got out and started sprinting towards me . ‘ i didn’t know whether to drop my shopping and put my hands in the air or walk towards them . i realised they had council uniforms on and they starting asking me if i was aware i had committed a criminal offence . ‘ the first thing i thought was something hadn’t gone through the till properly at sainsbury’s . i hadn’t even realised i had a cigarette . it is just automatic . ' i must have lit one up when i came out of the shop . my generation just discard the butts on the floor . if i had dumped a three-piece suite , then fair enough - but it was just a cigarette end . ' miss copeland added : ‘ they were just so stern and officious . the way they spoke to me was horrible . it is the whole manner , they acted as if i had murdered somebody . ’ the grandmother , who also has three grown-up daughters , is now considering whether to pay the fine by the deadline - which is tomorrow . if she refuses she could be taken back to court . hearing : after failing to pay miss copeland was told to appear at nuneaton magistrates ' court ( pictured ) . miss copeland said : ‘i’ve been treated like i have committed a major criminal offence . i didn’t pay because of how they were towards me but also the principle . ‘i’ve always been led to believe the punishment should fit the crime and in this case it doesn’t . i find it shocking . they are now saying i will face imprisonment if i don’t pay the fine . ' i don’t want to pay it because i won’t sleep at night if i do , but i might have to . i thought they were bluffing and it was scaremongering - i can’t believe they took someone to court over something this little . ’ a coventry city council spokesman said the authority had a ‘ zero tolerance’ policy towards litter . andrew walster , who oversees the council’s streets policy , added : ‘ it costs us about £2.5million a year to clean the streets in coventry . there are plenty of litter bins within the city . ’