the sigma alpha epsilon ( sae ) fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus . the ' cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ' thug ' tattoos . the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities . photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ' merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night . ' the sigma alpha epsilon ( sae ) fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus . clemson university president , james clements ( right ) , speaks with students protesting last december 's frat party which caused outrage for its perpetuation of stereotypes . the party , organized by several sae members , was held off-campus at a private residence . ' cripmas ' appeared to be a reference to a primarily african-american gang , the crips , founded in california . the incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said clemson did n't do enough to promote racial tolerance . about 6 percent of clemson 's students are black . all sae activity was suspended by clemson indefinitely following the inappropriate theme party . several sae members resigned from positions and have been suspended from the fraternity . an internal investigation found that the fraternity violated alcohol rules and student conduct codes . it will be on probation until february 2017 . clemson university president , james clements , sent an email to students last december making clear that the party was not sanctioned by the university and that such events would not be tolerated . white students dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and sported fake ' thug ' tattoos . clements wrote : ' at a time of year when our thoughts are turning to family , holidays and the start of a new year – all the things that unite us and bring us joy -- it is discouraging that so many events and issues are causing division and hurt , and making many students feel unwanted at this great university . ' it hurts to read disrespectful and just plain mean comments in social media . last night 's ''cripmas '' party , which the university did not sanction , raised more concerns about the campus climate . clemson is better than this . he added : ' everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion about events in ferguson , staten island and the protest rallies that those events have spawned . great universities are built on the free expression and exploration of ideas . ' but the free expression of opinion must not cross the line and become harassment or intimidation , just as rallies and protest marches must not cross the line to lawlessness . ' a sigma alpha epsilon chapter at the university of oklahoma was disbanded last month after members were taped singing a racist song . the national organization did n't respond to messages seeking comment . photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ' merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night ' .