it was a gruesome death that is the stuff of most people 's nightmares . now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , near altamura , in southern italy . using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago . scroll down for video . genetic analysis of the bones ( above ) of ‘ altamura man’ , found entombed in limestone in a cave in altamura , italy , has revealed that they belong to a neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago . wedged in the narrow space and probably badly injured , he is thought to have starved to death . over the thousands of years that followed , the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls . the dna is the oldest to ever be extracted from a neanderthal and the researchers now hope to further analyse the genetic information from the skeleton . they have a reputation as rather brutish creatures who chomped their way through huge hunks of meat , but it seems neanderthals may actually have been the first masterchefs . new research is suggesting that these extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food . scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain . at first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory . dr sabrina krief , a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris , and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable . first discovered in 1993 , the skeleton - nicknamed ' altamura man ' - has provoked debate among anthropologists partly due to the difficulties in studying the skeleton as it had become part of the cave walls . examination of those bones that were exposed suggested they belonged to an adult male . however , few could agree on whether the skeleton belonged to a neanderthal or a modern human , or how long it had been down there . but after taking a tiny part of the skeleton 's shoulder bone , researchers at the sapienza university of rome , university of firenze and newcastle university have been able to answer the questions . they found mitochondrial dna they extracted from the shoulder bone matched that of other neanderthal skeletons . uranium-thorium dating techniques has also revealed that the skeleton appeared there between 172,000 and 130,000 years ago , during a period when ice sheets were expanding significantly from out of antarctica and greenland . giorgio manzi , one of the palaeoanthropologists leading the study from the sapienza university of rome , said : ' altamura man is an incredible treasure for the alta murgia territory . ' we hope that this fossil skeleton will become a key for a virtuous combination of scientific research , protection of our heritage and its promotion and development . ' researchers have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains ( above ) as they believed it would cause irreparable damage to the skeleton but an early studies had suggested it had some neanderthal features . the lamalunga cave where the uniquely preserved neanderthal skeleton was found is close to altamura , italy . neanderthals are thought to have numbered up to 70,000 at their peak and lived in hunter gatherer societies . the researchers now hope that further analysis of the dna might reveal new insights into neanderthal evolution . it is nearly 100,000 years older than other previously sequenced neanderthal dna . the altamura neanderthal is thought to have come to rest in its unusual tomb after an adult male fell down a sinkhole into a limestone karst system . wedged in the narrow rocks , he were unable to move and probably starved to death . however , it also means no predators were able to reach his body . over time , his bones fell where had died , with some still lodged in the cave gap and were eventually absorbed into the walls of the cave itself . cave explorers then stumbled across the bones in 1993 . researchers eventually obtained permission to take a fragment of the shoulder bone in 2009 and have spent six years studying it . writing in the journal of human evolution , the research team said : ' even though a number of neanderthal traits can be seen—particularly in the face and in the occipital bone—there are features that distinguish this specimen from the more typical morphology of , such as the shape of the brow ridges , the relative dimension of the mastoids , and the general architecture of the cranial vault . ' overall , our results concur in indicating that it belongs to homo neanderthalensis , with some phenetic peculiarities that appear consistent with a chronology ranging from 172 ± 15 ka to 130.1 ± 1.9 ka . ' thus , the skeleton from altamura represents the most ancient neanderthal from which endogenous dna has ever been extracted . ' it has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient neanderthals . but the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases such as cancer and diabetes . neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred , meaning europeans now have roughly two per cent neanderthal dna . these ' legacy ' genes have been linked to an increased risk from cancer and diabetes by new studies looking at our evolutionary history . however , some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases . scientists have found that part of our hla system , which helps white blood cells to identify and destroy foreign material in the body , could have come from neanderthals . other researchers have suggested that humans outside africa are more vulnerable to type 2 diabetes because they interbred with neanderthals . researchers from oxford and plymouth universities have also found that genes thought to be risk factors in cancer were present in the neanderthal genome . if they manage to sequence the dna , they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids in general and the early history of the neanderthal . it could also help shed new light on their relationship with modern humans analysis of other neanderthal dna has shown they interbred with our own species . recent research has shown that neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today - and this may be what killed them off . they have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . but anthropologists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals .