islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ' alleged blasphemer . ' a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver . his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria . scroll down for video . a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ' blasphemer ' .  the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against isis in iraq and syria . in one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor , surrounded by men with guns . an executioner , with his face covered , stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver raised over his head . the next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body . each of the images are similar to videos released of british and american hostages who have also beheaded by the militants . a series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded . the man was forced to kneel down while blindfolded before he is apparently brutally executed . it follows a video released by isis which week that warns ' america will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity that saw the twin towers destroyed . the 11-minute video features some of the group 's most brutal killings - such as the beheading of american journalist james foley and the brutal burning of jordanian pilot muadh al-kasasbeh as he stood in a cage . the twin towers and still images of osama bin laden are also shown during the short video . militants armed with rifles surround the man , while his executioner stands behind holding a meat cleaver . propaganda is increasingly being used by isis as a way of attracting new recruits and gaining notoriety . the latest photographs follow a video released last month which show eight suspected informers , all dressed in red jumpsuits , being executed . in january , isis militants threatened to behead barack obama and turn the us into a muslim province in another gruesome video that emerged from their self-styled caliphate .  