qpr boss chris ramsey believes sunday 's west london derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing chelsea . jose mourinho 's blues visit loftus road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the premier league crown - whilst qpr need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together . the rs could start sunday 's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures . chris ramsey believes sunday 's west london derby is more crucial to qpr than it is to chelsea . ramsey puts qpr wideman junior hoilett through his paces during the hoops ' training session on friday . and , with games running out , ramsey feels chelsea 's lead at the top means the game takes on extra significance for the hosts . ' it 's a big game for us , ' he said . ' they can afford to have a blip and still win the league but on the flip side , we need to pick up every point we can . ' we all know what it means to the supporters - at this stage of the season , with what is at stake for both teams , it gives it added spice . ' charlie austin celebrates with matt phillips after scoring during qpr 's 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday . defender clint hill , who scored in tuesday night 's 3-3 draw at aston villa , enjoyed the taste of victory in his first west london derby when qpr won 1-0 at home to chelsea in 2011 . that game may now be remembered more for the verbal clash between john terry and anton ferdinand which landed the chelsea skipper a £220,000 fine and a four-game ban for racial abuse , but hill wants to see the positives from that performance replicated on sunday . ' i think we shocked them that day , ' he told hoops player . ' if we can show the same desire both on and off the pitch then hopefully we can get a result again . nobody expects us to win but we believe we can give them a game . ' we are playing chelsea who are top of the premier league and if you ca n't get up for that challenge then there 's something wrong . ' former striker heidar helguson celebrates after scoring in qpr 's 1-0 home win over chelsea in october 2011 . defender clint hill believes qpr can get a result if the side show the same desire as they did four years ago .