floyd mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the background . ‘ i like that , ’ says pacquiao with chuckle and then tells the leader of the money team : ‘ welcome to the manny team . ’ we are accustomed to seeing boxers with grim expressions and gruff reactions - wearing what they call their fight face - in the last days before going into unarmed combat . manny pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the mandalay bay hotel . pacquiao takes a selfie with his legendary trainer freddie roach as they greet the crowds . the money team t-shirts with the philippines flag in the background on sale in las vegas . pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across . who do you think will win the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao ? who do you think will win the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao ? now share your opinion . the pacman is the happiest soul in las vegas , smiling , cracking jokes , bidding everyone welcome . his latest toy is a camera which he points at whoever he comes across , saying : ‘ i don’t know much about these things but i like taking portraits . ' there is no hint of strain even as the conversation turns to the fight of the century . ‘ ok , this is the most important fight for my boxing legacy but i know i am going to win , ' he says . ‘ we have several strategies for this fight . i’m very comfortable . ‘ i can’t say mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because i haven’t fought him yet . ‘ at the moment it’s oscar de la hoya , miguel cotto and juan manuel marquez . ‘ i can say he’s a difficult opponent but i’m comfortable and confident . my killer instinct is back . ‘i’m different from the 47 opponents he’s fought before . i’m faster than any of them . he will experience his first loss . ‘ this is the right time for me to fight floyd . i’m more experienced now than five years ago . the speed and power are still there . no age changes in me . ' they have been accused of delaying this epic for five years too long but pacquiao adds : ‘ now even people who don’t follow boxing want to watch this fight . ‘ when i started in america in 2001 nobody knew who i was . now a lot of people know manny pacquiao’ . roger custodio ( left ) and joann ramirez , both of hawaii , hold signs as they cheer for pacquiao . pacquiao was greeted by thousands of fans as fight week continues in las vegas . british fan mick solak takes a selfie with tecate girl vanessa golub during the pacquiao fan rally . the ring card girls line up before pacquiao makes his entrance at the mandalay bay . a few hours after pacquiao arrived , floyd mayweather met fans at the mgm grand . he has no qualms about being cheated by the judges , the way he was in his first fight with tim bradley here , even though las vegas enjoys huge economic impact from mayweather’s fights and two of the officials are nevada residents . ‘ i always trust the judges and the commission , ’ he says . ' i will throw a lot of punches and i believe i can win every round . ’ his master trainer freddie roach is equally confident : ‘we’ve wanted this fight every day of our lives together . now its bigger than ever . ‘manny’s ready . we’ve got a great strategy . we’ve worked on it together and we’re much closer now . ‘he’s been showing me things , which i like . there’s been a lot excitement in the gym with the work he’s being doing . ‘ his level came up the day the fight was announced . he’s never worked so hard . ’ pacquiao had set fight week rolling by playing host to hundreds of his supporters at a meet , greet and sing-along fan fest . he took over a huge convention centre at the mandalay bay hotel , where he is staying in a penthouse suite with a view across the fabled strip to the mgm grand where he and mayweather will finally settle their pound-for-pound differences in saturday night’s fight of the century . pacquiao takes a selfie as he tells the crowd he is excited ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather . pacquiao is the underdog going into the richest fight of all time against mayweather on saturday . pacquiao showed no signs of nerves as he made a public appearance before his fight against mayweather . filipino dancers kept the crowd entertained before pacquiao entered the building . fans had waited patiently for a glimpse of the filipino superstar on tuesday afternoon . then came the philippines national anthem , to a backdrop of pictures of the mud-hut village in which he was born and grew up . and , of course , much high-pitched squealing and screaming when the great man himself took to the stage , albeit that he took a small leaf out of mayweather’s book by making his entrance 45 minutes late . ‘manny’s in the building , ’ the announcers kept shouting as we waited for what they seemed to regard as the second coming . this was the scene-stealer by pacquiao and his promoter bob arum after declining to take part in the traditional grand arrival of the fighters at the mgm grand , in which mayweather would be starring later in the day . the rift had been ignited by the dispute over the allocation of tickets for saturday night between the two camps , which had delayed their sale and momentarily jeopardised the fight . both men insist that the bad blood will not spill over into the fight , which they will approach with professional intensity . pacquiao looked relaxed as he spoke briefly to the assembled crowd in las vegas . pacquiao 's promoter bob arum introduces his charge before the boxer poses for the fans . fans hold up a ' pacquiao for president ' message on a philippines national flag during a fan rally . filipino dancers perform on stage before pacquiao made his entrance at the rally . an incredible array of merchandise has been produced for the fight this weekend . there was folk music and dancing , there were philippine tunes belted out by artists from pacquiao’s homeland . there was screening of the pacman singing the specially written song he has recorded as the music for his ring entrance . pacquiao said : ‘it’s not personal for us . it’s personal for the fans . ’ giant screens in the convention centre showed highlights of some of pacquiao’s more spectacular victories , to much enthusiasm from the faithful . there is a substantial filipino community in this region of america - 7,000 in southern nevada alone - and pacquiao may well have the greater support in the grand garden arena . the travelling british fight fraternity - the advance guard arrived in time to join the fan fest and the grand arrival – are split between money and manny . arum effected the introduction of ‘ the man you love and who will be victorious on saturday night . ’ pacquiao shook a hundred hands before he said : ‘don’t get nervous on saturday . i’m the one who’s going to win the fight . so relax . it is time for mayweather to lose . ‘ just be excited . i’m excited . thank you for your overwhelming support and prayers . i love you guys . god bless . ’ the noise was deafening . and there are still four days to go .