digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for the first time last year , the trade association ifpi said on tuesday . it came , however , as overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 . the report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ' frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies , while pharrell williams ' ' happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies . taylor swift famously removed her music from spotify . digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time . piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form , which encouraged copying , bootlegs and free musicsites , and led to a collapse in sales from $ 40 billion in 1999 . ifpi , the international federation of the phonographic industry , said in an annual report , that while revenues were down 0.4 percent in 2014 from the previous year , digital formats , including streaming and downloads , had finally caught up with physical formats , with each accounting for about 46 percent of the market . the vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues . performance rights and film and related revenues made up the balance . ' we have overall a positive picture , with the biggest market , the u.s. , growing and the third biggest market in the world , germany , growing as well , ' edgar berger , chairman and ceo international of sony music entertainment , said at a news conference . ' if we keep the current trajectory the industry will inevitably grow , ' he said , adding his view that paid subscriptions to streaming services ' will be the predominant performer ' . but the ifpi also noted some dark clouds ahead for the industry , including the impact of free delivery of music over internet sites such as youtube and dailymotion.com , and the desire of chinese consumers to get their music for free . the industry group said it was pushing for legal changes to be made in europe , and eventually elsewhere , so that youtube , dailymotion and others could no longer contend they are ' safe harbours ' , immune from copyright violation because users post music and other content themselves . jay-z and a host of celebrities recently launched tidal in a bid to make more money from streaming services . ' companies that play the role of distributing , monetising , promoting do n't belong in the ' safe harbours ' , ' ifpi chief executive frances moore said . she noted that streaming sites such as spotify and deezer which pay the industry for music rights had contributed some $ 1.6 billion in revenues on the basis of having about 140 million users while the free internet sites , with a billion users , paid something over $ 641 million . berger said there was a ' a piracy issue that needs to be fought in china ' , adding without piracy instead of ranking in 19th place globally for music revenues , it would be in the top five . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .