it was once a colourful backdrop for the shenanigans of steve martin and eddie murphy , but years of neglect meant this piece of film history risked being lost forever . the gilmore gasoline filling station has now been restored to its former glory - but people wanting to refuel here will have to be content with a skinny cappuccino . coffee giant starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop . the gilmore gas station was a backdrop for was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists . starbucks worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation . opened in 1935 by gilmore oil , which was then the largest independent oil company on the west coast , the art deco building served the drivers of hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s . it became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman harris k. telemacher ( steve martin ) stopping to fill up with lover sara mcdowel ( victoria tennant ) prior to attending a fundraising event . he asked for the 'full-service ' treatment , which includes a tank of petrol , a car wash , and removal and exchange of all four tires . the petrol station was also where reggie hammond ( eddie murphy ) informed jack cates ( nick nolte ) of the location of the stolen money in the 1982 comedy 48 hours . it was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists . starbucks store design manager jonathan alpert said despite its poor state he saw the potential of the petrol station from the start . the new store , which has a drive through , serving hatch and outdoor seating area , retains the main existing structure as well as the canopy from an added car wash . he said : `` at the very beginning we knew this was something special . ' the building was in such a dilapidated state , but we could see it had potential . ' we wanted to restore the building in a way that allows us to serve the community while celebrating its history . ' mr alpert and his team worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation . the new store , which has a drive through , serving hatch and outdoor seating area , retains the main existing structure as well as the canopy from an added car wash . they preserved and restored existing glass and metal elements wherever possible . the petrol station was also where reggie hammond ( eddie murphy ) informed jack cates ( nick nolte ) of the location of the stolen money in the 1982 comedy 48 hours . the team added energy-efficient led rope lights to replicate the old tubes of neon lighting . non-historic contemporary service bay roll-up doors were replaced with aluminum frame garage doors in the style of the period to form an exterior wall . mr alpert added : ' we did n't try to over-brand the building ; we tried to keep it true to the original with only limited signage . ' we have reinvigorated the corner of this community and its art deco past , now it 's electric ! ' starbucks did not try to over-brand the building but tried to keep it true to the original with limited signage . 