daredevil tourists have a new place to get their kicks after one of the world’s most thrilling – or terrifying – attractions officially opened in china this week . the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet . with jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world , beating arizona’s grand canyon skywalk by 16.4ft . scroll down for video . the horseshoe-shaped walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from a cliff edge , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air . models stand on the glass walkway - which extends over the valley floor 2,350ft below - during the official opening . with jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world . located in the longgang national geological park in south-west china , the bridge has been named yuanduan , meaning ‘ at the end of the clouds’ . it can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once , with each one paying an admission fee of 60 chinese yuan ( approximately £6.30 or $ 9.60 ) to spend 30 minutes on the see-through floor . but the park is limiting it to just 30 people at a time to ensure they have plenty of room to enjoy views that can be terrifying to those who are afraid of heights . located in the longgang national geological park , the bridge has been named yuanduan , meaning ‘ at the end of the clouds’ . the park is limiting it to just 30 people at a time to ensure visitors have plenty of room to enjoy the view . the bridge can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once , who each pay an admission fee of 60 yuan ( approximately £6.30 or $ 9.60 ) officials said the bridge was designed to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake and level 14 typhoon , china radio international reported . chinese media said the £3.7million ( $ 5.6million ) bridge opened ahead of schedule after construction began in march 2014 . while it may have fallen to no 2 in the world , the grand canyon skywalk is still one of the world’s most thrilling experiences . the transparent horseshoe-shaped cantilever bridge – which opened in 2007 on land belonging to the hualapai indian tribe – is nearly 4,000ft above the floor of the grand canyon . officials said the bridge was designed to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake and level 14 typhoon . chinese media said the £3.7million ( $ 5.6million ) bridge opened ahead of schedule after construction began in march 2014 .