a teenager diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour has raised $ 80,000 needed upfront to pay for urgent surgery . jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo , the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see jackson paralysed . for the past week jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by tuesday night , so that he can undergo the operation on wednesday morning . on monday morning they reached the target on their gofundme page , but jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees . three weeks ago the 18-year-old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown to sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain . for the past week jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery . jackson 's girlfriend jahnae jackson ( right ) noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . his family refused to accept the dismal diagnosis and took matters into their own hands and found dr teo , who said he was willing to perform the operation if the family understood the risks . jackson 's mother rhonda byrnes said dr teo explained to her that her son would most likely be paralysed down his left side . ' but he 's already paralysed because the tumour is pressing down on that side of his brain , that 's why we 've just said go for it , ' ms byrnes told daily mail australia . ' i ca n't afford not to because i wo n't have my son around if i do n't take these risks . ' dr teo is the best brain surgeon in the country , i 've got my son 's life in his hands basically . ' dr teo , director of sydney 's centre for minimally invasive neurosurgery , said other surgeons were technically able to perform the surgery but he was the only one prepared to do it . ' people think that it 's futile because he 's got a malignant tumour and it 's very aggressive , ' dr teo told daily mail australia . ' there 's significant weakness down his left side and they think his quality of life is such that he would n't want to live anyway . ' but dr teo said he makes decisions based on what his patients want . ' if a patient really wants it and knows the risks and understands how risky the operation is i 'll usually respect the patient 's wishes , ' he said . the 18-year-old ( pictured left , getting his head shaved ) at a recent fundraising event . jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $ 80,000 for surgery . jackson 's mother rhonda byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his gofundme page , but said the family still needed more . ' he is a lovely boy and he 's only young . ' i said `` you know you 're going to be paralysed '' , i 've told him the worst case scenario . ' he understands that and he wants to live . ' dr teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . ' if you can buy him time with surgery then the hope is you 're going to get a good response to the chemotherapy and radiotherapy and a significant extension of time , ' he said . ' even if we could buy him six months of life the hope is we 're going to come up with new treatment in that time . ' dr teo said the $ 80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard . jackson needs $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront , and another $ 45,00 for fees . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see jackson paralysed . ' i operate at a private hospital and they insist on upfront payment , you ca n't blame them they run it like a business , ' he said . ' i do n't know how much it costs i do n't try and talk about the money side of things . ' but that is the cost of everything and it 's also an insurance for the hospital should he get complications . ' jackson 's mother rhonda byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his gofundme page , but said the family still needed more . ' it 's amazing that we did it in four days , ' ms byrnes told daily mail australia . ' but i need more money because $ 80,000 is just for dr teo . ' the hospital fees are another $ 45,000 and i have to pay for mris and ct scans , all the radiation and chemo treatment . ' dr teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . taking to his facebook fundraising page - jackson byrnes brain tumor surgery fund - friends of jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page . ' overwhelmed with joy and gratitude , ' the page posted on monday morning . ' thank you to everyone that contributed to this and more . over 12k was also raised in the last week by local community . ' according to the gold coast bulletin , mr byrnes ' girlfriend , jahnae jackson , noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain . mr byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was , but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment . messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the casino teenager . the donations have been coming in thick and fast since the gofundme page was created . knowing that this was not enough , mr byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure . they found neurosurgeon charlie teo who would operate on wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by tuesday evening . the family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations . ' most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' mr byrne 's fundraising page on gofundme reads . ' it is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' victorian finance , leasing and risk management company morris finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . ' # savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $ 40,255 with two days to go , ' a supporter posted on twitter . in nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the teen 's surgery . rooftech australia , summerland credit union and alstonville quality meats have also donated generous sums for mr byrnes . messages of support have also flooded social media for the casino teenager . ' thoughts and prayers going out to you jackson , stay strong , ' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page . ' hoping for the best possible outcome for you ! hugs from our family to yours ! ' wrote another . the twitter hashtag # savejackson has also been circulating through the casino and lismore area .  