the records are tumbling and leicester’s belief is growing . their 2-0 victory over swansea made it three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 , lifting nigel pearson’s side to 17th and ending their five-month spell at the bottom . all this after just two wins in their previous 24 games . most looking at the club reasoned relegation would be a matter of time . instead , queens park rangers , burnley , hull and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers . in truth , there have been no significant changes to affect results . pearson has applied the same principles throughout the season , except now leicester are taking more chances . here sportsmail assesses the key themes of leicester’s revival . leicester striker leonardo ulloa celebrates after scoring against swansea during his side 's 2-0 win . scoring surge . andy king’s late tap-in meant leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since may 2000 . previously , leicester were creating plenty but fluffing their lines . against crystal palace in february , for example , they had five shots on target , eight shots off target , six shots blocked – and failed to find the net , losing 1-0 . they had six shots on target against swansea , with a much better success rate . andy king scores leicester 's second goal to seal three points against swansea at the king power stadium . cambiasso class . ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes ; last scoring on boxing day 2014 . esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester’s player of the season come what may . the argentine has sprinkled high quality to their midfield , winning possession and conducting play like a grand master plots chess moves . at 34 , his experience is now shining through – a calm head even as circumstances appeared brittle . his goal to set up the win over west ham was special too . his pass completion was not outstanding against swansea – just 68.3 per cent – but that is largely because he tried difficult balls to get his team on the front foot . leicester midfielder esteban cambiasso puts in another classy performance against swansea on saturday . schmeichel sensational . with the score at 1-0 , swansea unlocked the leicester defence to send nelson oliveira through on goal . kasper schmeichel was out in a flash , spreading himself large and deflecting the finish wide . it was a hugely important moment . the danish goalkeeper was on the sidelines with a broken metatarsal for more than three months of this season , but has returned at peak form for this crucial period . foxes goalkeeper kasper schmeichel gets down quickly and makes himself big to save from nelson oliveria . adept at adapting . aside from schmeichel’s injury , pearson has been able to call a mainly full-strength squad most weeks . he has changed personnel – only wes morgan has more than 30 starts under his belt – and players appear fresh when other squads may be tiring . he is flexible with his tactics , changing during games to suit the situation . he is getting it right recently . against west bromwich albion he began with 4-3-1-2 but switched to 3-5-2 when trailing at half-time . against swansea , he started with an attacking 3-4-1-2 but implemented a back four when ahead . king slides in with a strong challenge on swansea's oliveria during the premier league match on saturday . pearson’s strength . the leicester manager has been on the touchline rather than high in the stands recently , and uses his position to effect rather than for show . he kept players motivated at the hawthorns and used a break in play against swansea to give an impromptu team talk . he has been in remarkable survivals before , at carlisle , southampton , and west brom , and knows what is required . he has managed to keep the respect of the squad through his imposing personality even after the phantom sacking . the players have always supported him . leicester boss nigel pearson gives instructions to his players ahead of the 2-0 win over swansea . belief building . the great escape theme was hummed loudly by leicester fans at fullt-time , and atmospheres at the king power stadium have been very noisy for the wins over west ham and swansea . that will continue for four of the final six games , with home comfort looking vital . burnley at turf moor awaits first , and leonardo ulloa , who scored the opening goal , insists leicester must not let their intensity dip . he also thinks leicester’s sustained spell in the relegation zone has equipped them with the psychological tools to claw their way up . ‘ if you know this situation at the bottom you play different , the mentality is a little different , ’ he said . ‘ now with a good result and we have to push on . ’ a leicester fan holds up a sign backing the team to win their battle against relegation this season .