louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men , using all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf . the united boss said : ‘ it was of course an error from me that i give too much minutes to my substitutes . it is not so wise . ' some players didn’t know that we were playing with 10 men because the crowd were yelling and it was difficult to get the message to them . ’ manchester united manager louis van gaal ( right ) celebrates victory with ander herrera at full-time . an injured michael carrick walks along the touchline after coming off as a precaution with a tight calf . aguero 's quick-fire ton . it will come as little consolation to sergio aguero that he reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player in manchester city’s history with his double at old trafford . the striker has had to wait for that honour , however , with his first goal ending a barren run stretching back eight hours and 39 minutes to the defeat home to barcelona in february . sergio aguero ( centre ) celebrates after scoring the opening goal at old trafford on sunday afternoon . it was aguero 's first goal since he scored for city against barcelona at the etihad back in february . milner goes off in a strop . james milner 's reaction to being substituted as he waited to come back on following treatment after a reckless challenge from phil jones does not augur well for the england winger ending his contract stalemate . milner was standing on the touchline when he discovered that he was being replaced by samir nasri , and hurled an energy pouch to the floor in frustration before trudging back to the dugout . manchester city 's james milner goes off with an injury during sunday 's premier league derby . united felt that martin demichelis overreacted when he was caught in the face by a flailing arm from marouane fellaini in the second half , but the belgian does have a rather patchy track record on that score . pablo zabaleta was furious that fellaini was only given a yellow card at old trafford last season when he felt he was the victim of a blatant elbow from the united man . manchester city 's martin demichelis ( centre ) protests to referee mark clattenburg as united players look on .