the stylist behind singer rita ora 's unique , over-the-top hairstyles has revealed how much work the chart-topper has to put into ensuring her blonde locks remain totally healthy . chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ' maintenance ' . ' we have to color the hair every three weeks , ' he explained . ' we 've managed to get the timing perfect so that she 's not coloring it all the time . if you keep bleaching it , you push it too far and it can look awful , which has been done in the past by other celebrities ! scroll down for video . style icon : chris appleton ( r ) has been working as singer rita ora 's hairstylist for two years . haircare regimen : according to chris , rita 's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently . ' i also make my own hair masks , which i make her sleep in , to ensure that her hair stays in the best condition possible . ' i 'm so strict with rita , i want to make sure that her hair always looks great , and that means a lot of work . when she has any spare time , i make her condition . ' but despite the seemingly endless hours of maintenance required in order to keep rita 's barnet looking its best , chris insists that the singer is n't planning to follow in kim kardashian 's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon . ' blonde is such a statement , despite the fact that it 's a lot of maintenance behind the scenes , ' he said . ' we 've never done anything deep or dark and we change the actual style so much that i 'm eager to keep the color consistent . ' the singer did have a chance to experiment with a darker hairstyle when she appeared in the recently-released fifty shades of grey movie however ; rita 's role as mia , the younger sister of charismatic businessman christian grey , saw her don an extremely short , dark wig , which chris believes helped rita to separate herself from the character . innovation : every hairstyle that rita models has something unique and different about it . ' i always want to do something to make her hair look special , ' chris explains . the girl with the pearl ... hair : this embellished hairstyle is one of chris ' favorites . ' it worked for the film , because she was n't rita , she was mia grey , and i think that was a good thing , ' chris said . ' but i do n't know if it 's a style we will be trying out on rita in real life ! ' while rita might not be planning to replicate mia 's severe hairstyle any time soon however , chris says that she is certainly not averse to experimenting with a variety of different looks - be they temporary , or permanent . indeed , the decision to cut rita 's hair into a much shorter style just a few months ago was actually made on a whim , during a late-night styling session . ' i was talking to rita about chopping her hair for a year , but it was about finding the right time , ' he explained . ' then at two in the morning , i was working on her hair , and we 'd been doing it for hours , and she just said : `` i think it 's time . '' ' she called me the next day and was so happy with it , which was great . and it looks amazing , it was just a bit weird that we decided to do it then and there so late at night , or early in the morning i guess . ' copykaty : according to chris , singer katy perry recreated two of rita 's hairstyles for her this is how we do video . something different : for her role as mia grey in the recently-released movie fifty shades of grey , rita had the chance to experiment with darker locks . and beyond the length and color of rita 's hair , chris is determined to ensure that her style is always fresh , unique and interesting , and is often experimenting with different textures , embellishments and colorful accessories . ' sometimes i get a lot of time to work on a look - i 'll know what outfit she 's planning to wear for a red carpet , or an appearance , and i can plan accordingly , ' he explained . ' other times , i do n't really get any time at all and i just have to pull it out of the bag ! ' but i always want to do something to make her hair look special ; if she 's wearing a really detailed dress and we want the hair to be more simple , i 'll do something really subtle - like the gold leaf that we used in her parting at the 2014 met gala . ' but if we want to go all out , then we 'll work with loads of different accessories , or colors . i loved when we sewed loads of pearls into her hair , i thought that looked amazing . and it was so different and unique . ' ' it 's all about the details - i’m all about adding details to the hair . people will watch , [ so ] make it worthwhile . ' put a ring on it : chris and rita will often work together in order to come up with a new and unique way of accessorizing her hairstyle . twisted : rita often showcases chris ' work on her instagram account . while chris admits that he and rita do n't always see eye-to-eye about what hairstyle they should go for , he adds that she is always willing to go the extra mile in order to create something that is totally unique . and it seems that the seemingly endless hours rita and chris have spent working on maintaining and perfecting her varied hairstyles have more than paid off , with many of the more elaborate styles inspiring numerous other celebrities and style icons to create similar looks . ' the people behind the new star wars movie loved the hair we created for the uk version of the voice [ on which rita is a judge ] so much that they are going to use it in their next film , ' chris revealed . ' katy perry also did a similar style to the gelled baby hair that rita had at coachella for her this is how we do video . ' the same look was also used at a number of fashion shows including dkny and givenchy . ' ' chris is incredibly talented , ' rita says of her ongoing relationship with the hairstylist . ' we work so well together drawing inspiration from any number of things - from marilyn monroe to london street fashion . chris is always up for creating real moments , trying something different while keeping me smiling the whole way . '