seaworld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the n-word - following the trainer 's release of a book criticizing the company 's treatment of animals . the recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . in the five-minute video , hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . hargrove , who also featured prominently in the cnn documentary blackfish , says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message . scroll down for video . seaworld has released an almost five-year-old video depicting ex-trainer john hargrove repeatedly using the n-word , just days after his book criticizing the company 's treatment of animals launched . the recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . ' you know you were mad , cause you whipped around and you said that , you did , `` what are you n****rs doing throwing them rocks ? `` ' , he can be heard saying , a glass of wine in front of him . ' did n't you think it was risky to say that to those five n****rs ? ' , he asks the girl , who denies during the conversation that she spoke those words . ' how much did you drink tonight , my god , ' she then says . three bottles of wine can be seen on the table during the video . during the video hargrove , who was a trainer at seaworld for 14 years , tells his friend ' i 've been drinking so much , ' as he and the person behind the camera continue to laugh hysterically at their friend on the phone . seaworld spokesman fred jacobs said the company was given the video by an ' internal whistle-blower ' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated ' immediately ' if they had known ' he engaged in this kind of behavior . ' ' we are offended by john 's behavior and language . the video is particularly reprehensible since john hargrove is wearing a seaworld shirt , ' jacobs said in an email . hargrove was a trainer at seaworld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary blackfish . seaworld has also publicly claimed that hargrove quit the company after he was disciplined for a ' severe safety violation involving the park 's killer whales ' . hargrove spoke out against seaworld in the highly critical documentary blackfish , which has left the company reeling with declining revenue and attendance . and last week he released a book detailing his long career with the once-popular park , titled beneath the surface . hargrove quickly struck back after the video was released , saying seaworld was digging up dirt to make him ' look like this awful person ' . ' what 's so amazing , they 're not addressing the issues at hand , ' he told the orlando sentinel . ' this is about killer whales in captivity . ' hargrove told u-t san diego that he had never seen the video and did not remember the incident . he also said he had been with another seaworld employee that night and ' had a lot to drink ' . ' these are all just personal attacks to try to slander me and my character , ' he said . ' these are petty , childish attempts to discredit somebody . ' the naacp issued a statement following the video 's release and said hargrove 's repeated use of the n-word ' calls into question his judgement and his credibility ' . ' it is difficult to accept his authority on animal welfare issues if he does not treat fellow humans with dignity and respect , ' it states . the video 's release also caused one san diego bookstore to cancel hargrove 's book signing after the store received an email from seaworld with a link to the clip . none of hargrove 's other scheduled appearances have been canceled . hargrove is currently on tour promoting beneath the surface , which recounts the ' devastating effects of captivity ' he said he saw while working with killer whales as he became higher-ranked within the company , the ex-trainer told npr . hargrove struck back after the video was released , and said seaworld was trying to make him ' look like this awful person ' . he also said he had ' a lot to drink ' when the video was recorded and did not recall the incident . in the book , hargrove said he was especially affected after seeing seaworld separate 19 mother killer whales from their calves , which he claims is done through trickery . he also claims he saw trainers hold back food from the whales . hargrove also fought back at seaworld 's claim that he violated the company 's safety rules . he said he was disciplined because he waited a day to inform his supervisors that another employee had improperly locked a gate at shamu stadium , even though he had immediately pointed out the mistake . hargrove said he was ' punished ' and was temporarily moved to the sea-lion stadium , but he then immediately went on medical leave for knee injuries before quitting the company entirely . seaworld 's fight against hargrove comes just a week after the company launched a new advertising campaign in attempts to fight the backlash it has received since the premiere of blackfish . the company claimed the advertisement 's close timing with the release of hargrove 's book was unrelated . the campaign focuses on the park 's efforts of caring for animals in captivity and in the wild , while ' setting the record straight on false accusations by activists who oppose whales and other animals in zoological settings ' , the company stated . print advertisements will appear in the likes of the new york times , the washington post and wall street journal . last week seaworld also launched its ' meet the animals ' youtube campaign , which introduces individual animals in the company 's various parks .