train conductor graham palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't shakespeare , but when they 're delivered over the tannoy his passengers certainly do n't seem to mind . palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour . the rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since , and he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through . train conductor graham palmer delivers safety announcements over the tanny in the form of poetry . palmer , 52 , has delighted northern rail passengers with his self-penned poems since christmas last year . ' the poems are n't that clever really . they 're not wordsworth , but it 's all a bit of fun , ' he told gazette live . ' i was a bit self-conscious to start with but i 've got more confident now , especially when i see the smiles on people 's faces . ' i do n't do them for every announcement and i try to mix them up a bit . for our regular passengers , it 's probably a little bit repetitive but then again , so are safety announcements ! ' palmer , who lives in skelton and works out of middlesbrough station , has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass and five years as a handyman for age concern teesside . his poem 's are anything but serious but they do get his messages about safety and ticket policy across . one as passengers enter the train goes : ' i 'm graham your conductor and welcome on track , safety information 's at front and back . keep all your personal belongings in view , as you do n't want anything missing , do you ? despite being a local hero with his colourful announcements , graham still has to check his tickets . have your tickets and passes ready to see , and if you have neither , you 'll have to pay me . if you 're buying a ticket , please have the right money , ' cos my tea 's going cold and it 's simply not funny . ' graham said : ' i 'm taking the mickey out of myself a little bit and it 's all done tongue in cheek , but at least it 's getting the message across . and the best words you can hear as a conductor are ' i 'm glad it 's you today ' . ' passenger kath sainsbury , of saltburn , said graham is ' well known and liked by all his regular passengers ' . she said : ' his jolly personality gives us all a lift . ' i 'm graham your conductor and welcome on track . safety information 's at front and back . keep all your personal belongings in view . as you do n't want anything missing , do you ? have your tickets and passes ready to see . and if you have neither , you 'll have to pay me . if you 're buying a ticket , please have the right money . cos my tea 's going cold and it 's simply not funny . thank you for travelling on northern with graham . please use the handrails when you step from the train . if you 're making connections , consult platform screens . or ask station staff if there 's any to be seen . keep your tickets and passes to exit the gate . ' cos any delay and you 'll be in late . tell northern rail twitter how it was for you . cos we value your feedback , yes we really do ! graham says he 's taking the mickey out of himself a bit ' but at least it 's getting the message across ' . graham 's boss , northern 's conductor team manager at middlesbrough colin savage , is pleased with the response from the public but does n't expect his colleague to follow suit if they do n't want to . ' graham 's delivering the announcements in a different way which makes people listen , so we 're delighted , ' he said . ' the other conductors are scared we're going to make them do it too , but we do n't have any plans ! ' graham , married to trudy for 22 years , likes to freshen his poems up with couplets penned at home and make them relevant to the stations his trains pass through . 