a grieving son was forced to dig his mother 's grave after a council 'co-ordination error ' meant work had not been done to the burial plot . clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland , only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother 's ashes . mr gee planned to place his mother , elizabeth hobbs , who died last year , with his father , alex gee , who died in 1964 . mr gee makes the journey to the site every year to remember his father , and this year he wanted to follow through on a promise he made to his mother to reunite the pair . clint gee had planned to reunite his mother , elizabeth hobbs , with his father , alex gee , who died in 1964 . ' it was shattering , ' mr gee told daily mail australia . ' me , my wife , my son , my mum 's sister and some other family all made the five and a half hour drive to the cemetery out in wandoan . ' then we get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing . ' ' luckily i had a small spade with me and i was able to dig . ' ' it was shattering , ' mr gee told daily mail australia , after he had to dig the hole himself . ' we get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing , ' mr gee said . mr gee said he had organised the day with the western downs regional council to ensure everything would run smoothly . he also paid a $ 342 fee , after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $ 400 . ' the financial side of things bothered me a little from the start , but i bit the bullet and paid the money and filled out all the forms , ' he said . mr gee , pictured with his grandson , cody , said the council organisation process was ' a bloody bit stupid ' . ' it was all a bit bloody stupid , but i had to do it . ' i confirmed it all the day before to make sure it was all ready to go . ' despite the confirmation , the hole had not been dug ahead of time . ' i walked around the entire ground to check they had n't dug it in the wrong spot , ' mr gee said . western downs regional council mayor ray brown apologised to mr gee , pictured with grandson , seth . ' eventually , i called them and said : ' it 's 40 degrees out here , and there 's no hole ' . i told them i sorted it out and that i 'd call them monday . ' mayor ray brown apologised to the family , and provided mr gee with a refund . ' western downs regional council can confirm that after receiving an application from mr clint gee for a second internment of ashes in an existing burial plot , an accidental internal coordination error meant that the planned preparation work at the burial plot were not carried out , ' mr brown said . mr gee makes the five-hour journey to his father 's grave-site every year to look after it . ' council , and particularly the staff involved in arranging the works , again apologise and express sincere regret at having caused distress and upset to mr gee and his family . ' mr gee said he was happy he received the refund , but said he was mainly thankful his had been able to follow through on the vow he made to his mother . ' i 'm just at ease it all worked out , ' he said . 'long-term i want to replace the headstone to include my mum , so that 's the next part of this process for me . ' 