her vicious attack on a tow company clerk was not britt mchenry 's first brush with conflict . the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three gina michelle : ' i 'm on tv and you 're in a f -- -ing trailer , honey . ' but just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women 's rights campaigner on twitter . sarah sparkman , who tweets with the handle @ cupcakesarenice , remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . her observation infuriated mchenry in a fight that ended with the reporter raging : ' you sound really bitter . if you work as hard as you say you do , you would n't bash more successful ppl on twitter . ' twitter fight : sarah sparkman ( left ) , a lawyer from arkansas , tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized - and was met with a tirade of anger from britt mchenry ( right ) despite not tagging her in the tweet . screengrabs of the conversation on march 12 have been posted on sparkman 's blog . it started when sparkman wrote to her followers : ' i wish there were more women in sports broadcasting that are n't completely sexualized . ' i 'm tired of seeing all sexualized photos of kacie mcdonnell in my newsfeed . i have no idea if she 's talented , but i know how she 's branded . ' i have nothing against beautiful women being in sports media , ' she wrote , ' i just wish that they were presented as professionals and not models . ' a follower responded by mentioning britt mchenry 's name - and the situation rapidly escalated . although they did not tag mchenry in the tweet , the 28-year-old reporter found it and began berating sparkman . despite having written her own blog post condemning sexualization in super bowl adverts , mchenry seemed angered by the suggestion that female sports reporters might be sexualized . she raged : ' went to northwestern & played competitive sports . what 's wrong w/ a woman wanting to look nice & be intelligent ? ' sparkman responded : ' i have zero issue with beautiful women in sports media . what i have issue with is how they are sexualized . ' mchenry hit back : ' define that ? i modeled & still graduated in 3 yrs w/ a masters . those things do n't have to be mutually exclusive . ' to clarify her point , sparkman sent mchenry a link to the definition of ' sexualization ' . mchenry was not satisfied : ' personally i believe it 's ppl who do n't have 1 trait or the other who try to demean others , ' adding , ' so you 're being more of a hater than the men themselves ? ' in a bid to extract herself from the back-and-forth , sparkman tweeted her exasperation to her followers : ' man , i swear i ca n't give an opinion without some rando on twitter seeking me out and bashing their misinterpretation . ' the comment prompted mchenry 's final scathing words , which echo the abuse she level at the tow company clerk on april 6 . ' technically given the two of us , you 're the rando , ' mchenry tweeted , adding : ' you sound really bitter . if you work as hard as you say you do , you would n't bash more successful ppl on twitter . ' her stance was at odds with a blog post she wrote in january , aiming to champion women 's rights . in it , mchenry describes a cheeseburger advert that features an almost naked woman , writing : ' when so many females fight for gender equality in pay and opportunity – still to this day in 2015 – an advertisement like that only sets women back generations . ' ' women , ' she pontificates , ' can be comfortable in their own skin ... be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one . ' but after the release of the towing company 's surveillance footage , many have questioned how strongly she feels about equality between women . the twitter tirade bore surprising similarities with her attack against single mother-of-three gina michelle of advanced towing in arlington , virginia , on easter weekend . mchenry had left her car in the parking lot of chinese restaurant hunan one overnight , despite obvious signs warning that cars would be towed . when her vehicle was removed , mchenry went to the towing station and made her irritation plain . she fumes at michelle : 'i’m in the news , sweetheart , i will f -- -ing sue this place . ' the parking attendant can be heard in the video warning mchenry she is being filmed and threatens to ' play your video ' . mchenry seems unfussed , responding : 'that’s why i have a degree and you do n't - i would n't work in a scumbag place like this . ' makes my skin crawl even being here . ' caught red-faced : incredibly , mchenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an advanced towing employee in arlington , virginia . glamorous : originally from new jersey , mchenry is a sideline reporter for espn based in washington d.c. pictured is gina michelle , the clerk abused by mchenry and told she needed to lose some weight . the parking attendant patiently replies : ' well let 's get you out of here quickly . ' mchenry then fires back : ' yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money… with no education , no skill set . just wanted to clarify that . ' after a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , mchenry delivers her biggest sting . ' maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ' cos i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- -ingg trailer , honey . ' finally , before walking away , mchenry says : ' lose some weight , baby girl . ' online petitions calling for the sports network to fire mchenry , 28 , were approaching 10,000 signatures friday night after video was published on her rant against gina michelle of advanced towing in arlington , virginia . warning : since britt mchenry 's outburst , this sign has been placed on the door of the chinese restaurant . restaurant employees said mchenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . mchenry tweeted her regret but has yet to make any attempt to apologize to michelle . advanced trading company insists it does not want mchenry to suffer . in a statement advanced towing said : ' parking enforcement is contentious by nature . at the same time , neither gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing britt mchenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ' ms mchenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . she is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ' gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . gina holds no ill will toward ms mchenry . ' as a small regulated business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . ' the video was not licensed or sold to anyone . ' women 's rights champion ? britt mchenry encourages her blog readers to ' be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one ' . she said she posted this selfie as an example of female empowerment . pious : just eight days before her outburst , mchenry lectured her facebook followers on the impact of words .