an african-american woman fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the ' breastaurant ' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling . plaintiff farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights . johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular . and when i came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair . ' scroll down for video . waitress : farryn johnson was fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling . workplace issues : johnson has claimed a supervisor at the hooters where she worked ( pictured ) had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . johnson continued ' and the manager at the time literally said `` you ca n't have blonde , cause black people do n't have blonde hair . '' ' johnson told the television station she was given reduced shifts , written warnings , and later terminated . an arbitrator determined johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination , wbal reported . he also reportedly said hooters violated state civil rights laws , as well as federal ones . according to wbal , johnson has been awarded $ 250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages . ruling : an arbitrator recently ruled in johnson 's favor . she is seen here in 2013 . johnson 's attorney andrew levy told the television station ' i hope that hooters sees this as an opportunity to make improvements in the way they train their managers and they way they deal with their employees . ' in a statement , hooters said ' [ johnson ] claimed that hooters actions were discriminatory and that the company does not allow african-american women to wear colors in their hair that are not natural for their ethnicity . nothing could be further from the truth . ' ' ms . johnson 's claims of discrimination are simply without merit , ' the company said . the arbitrator 's decision in the case was ' adverse and flawed , ' hooters said . ' contrary to exaggerated reports , ms. johnson did not receive $ 250,000 in back pay , but rather only $ 11,886.40 , while her attorneys on the other hand received approximately $ 244,000 in attorneys’ fees , ' the restaurant chain 's statement said . 