bride to be : american hayley carney hopes to fulfil a ' lifelong dream ' of becoming a british citizen . an american transgender woman is preparing to move to the uk to marry a bride she has never met in order to fulfil a ' lifelong dream ' of becoming a british citizen . hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as anne , in plymouth , devon , later this year . she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa , which , if successful , will set her on the path to citizenship . ms carney , formerly known as robert , said she has been dreaming of a life in britain since reading books about it as a child . she added that she feels the nation is more accepting of ' people like her ' . but it was only after meeting anne in an online support group that she decided to make a move to the country she ' has always wanted to call home ' . she said : ' [ anne ] told me months ago that my life would be more comfortable in england , not only because my heart has always been there , but overall britain is more openly accepting of people like me . ' i can not wait to be there with her and in a country i have always wanted to call home . ' in my heart , that 's always been my home since i could read . i have dreamed of being a british citizen my whole life . ' i have found throughout life that british people are kind and polite . i have several friends i have made over the years and they really are some of the best friends anyone could ask for . ' i have spoken with many people about my upcoming move and they all say that my life would be less complicated and acceptance is found more easily there . ' i can not speak for more people than i know , but in comparing friends from here in the us to my friends in the uk , my british friends are the most wonderful , caring , loving and accepting people i know . ' moving to britain : ms carney , pictured , will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as anne , in plymouth , devon , later this year . ms carney intends to move to the uk and search for a job before applying for a visa . she said : ' immigration is a huge concern of mine . what i need to do is get there , settle in , find employment , then follow all proper channels to eventually earn myself a british citizenship . ' once acclimatised , i will proudly hold my head high and call myself british , but not until i have earned that right . ' when i come home to england , i want it to be for the remainder of my life . ' there are so many reasons people migrate ; personally i just want a better life . i am prepared for what may come my way on the road to becoming a permanent british citizen . '