the messy divorce between chef bobby flay and actress stephanie march just got uglier . on sunday , the new york post 's page six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of flay having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel , who 's 28 . but the celebrity chef 's business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims , saying that if flay , 50 , had been having an ongoing affair with an employee , he would know about it . scroll down for video . the other woman ? it was alleged sunday that chef bobby flay has been having an affair with his assistant eliyse tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to stephanie march . secret affair : page six claimed flay , 50 , has been seeing tirrel , who 's 28 , for three years and that according to a friend of march , the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after thanksgiving 2014 . page six reported that tirrell is a 'singer/actress who worked as a hostess at the chef 's bar americain in 2008 and became his assistant . ' the gossip site claimed that flay , who filed for divorce from march , 40 , in april , has been cheating on the law & order : suv star for three years with tirrell . march 's friend maia madison , a writer and actress , told page six that march arrived ' sobbing uncontrollably ' at her home just after thanksgiving after finding out about the affair . madision went on to say that tirrell ' is about to ­become the monica lewinsky of the food world . ' messy divorce : flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order : svu star march has ' irretrievably broken down ' . after the story ran , flay 's representative released a statement to the media saying : ' we will continue to refrain from responding to the continued efforts by certain parties to spread rumors and innuendo . ' ' this specific allegation was in a letter sent from one attorney in this case to the other . it was written and then leaked specifically to try to insert this story into the press , and that’s unfortunate . ' the statement continued : : ' even more unfortunate is that all of this is being done in order to renegotiate a prenuptial agreement that was agreed to over a decade ago and never amended during the marriage . ' kretchmer defended his friend and insisted that none of the claims about an affair with his assistant are based in reality . he is quoted as saying that the young woman is ' a great and valued employee . ' ' if she had an affair with bobby it would have been reported to me . that has never even been suggested , and people like to talk , ' kretchmar said . ' have bobby and elyse been seen together ? yes , that’s her job . ' he then suggested that there is more mud-slinging to come in the ugly battle between the former couple whom he has known for 14 years . ' as ugly as stephanie is going to look [ when this news comes out ] , she will look uglier when other things come out , ' kretchmer told page six . bitter battle : march , 40 , is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that means the famous chef , who 's worth about $ 20 million , only has to pay her $ 5,000 a month in alimony . the food network chef filed court documents filed on april 10 saying that his 10-year marriage has ' irretrievably broken down . ' the actress , though , has mounted a legal challenge to the prenuptial agreement that the now estranged couple signed which says flay , reported to be wort about $ 20 million , only has to pay her $ 5,000 per month . in return , march has accused the chef of ' bullying through economic warfare . ' march 's lawyer said the famous chef wo n't let her and her sick mother laura derby stay in their $ 8m marital manhattan home unless she signs a press release alleging their split was amicable . happier times : march was flay 's third wife and appeared as a guest judge on several of his food network shows . the couple are pictured here in september 2009 in new york city .    