aside from making a fighter jet lightweight , agile and astonishingly fast , engineers of one the world 's most advanced aircraft have another , more surprising issue to contend with : the moon . bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy . to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ' floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon . the typhoon ( pictured ) is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines . it is 49ft ( 15 metres ) long from tip to tip and the material is ' no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' this helps its ‘ fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile . these rafts measure 59ft ( 18 metres ) long and 9.8ft ( 3 metres ) thick and are used to house the measuring equipment . two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out the subtle effects of the moon and the tides it creates . this means the jet will be in ' near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said martin topping , head of typhoon maintenance and upgrade . ' every time the moon pulls the tide in and out , the ground under our feet actually moves by between one and two millimetres , he continued . the typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines . it is 49ft ( 15 metres ) long from tip to tip and the material is ' no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' this helps its ‘ fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile , and this build accuracy can save enough fuel to fill up an average family car , or around 60 litres . the typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds , achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes . it is able to pull up to 9g , which creates a pressure equivalent to 30 african elephants . to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , engineers build the jet on ' floating ' concrete rafts . these rafts measure 59ft ( 18 metres ) long and 9.8ft ( 3 metres ) thick and are used to house the measuring equipment . two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out the subtle effects of the moon and tide . ' that might not sound a lot , but given the tolerances we are working to on typhoon , two millimetres is two millimetres too much . ' lancashire-based bae systems paid £2.5 million ( $ 3.7 million ) for this setup and said the ' result is one of the most perfectly aligned fast jet airframes in the world . ' the typhoon itself is 49ft ( 15 metres ) long from tip to tip and the material is ' no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' this helps its ‘ fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile , and this build accuracy can save enough fuel to fill up an average family car , or 60 litres . elsewhere , the typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds , achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes . it takes light from the sun eight minutes to reach earth and the firm said the typhoon can travel from london to paris in the same time . and it can fly from lands end to john ‘ o groats - a total of 603 miles ( 970km ) - in under 30 mins . it is able to pull up to 9g , which creates a pressure on the wings equivalent to 30 african elephants . and pilots fly with the typhoon striker helmet . facing directly into the sun , or even when it 's dark , their location as well as potential threats are shown on this helmet 's visor , and pilots can see thermal images through the use of night vision goggles . to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , engineers build the jet on ' floating ' concrete rafts ( pictured ) . two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out subtle effects of the moon and tide . this means the jet ( pictured ) will be in ' near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said martin topping , head of typhoon maintenance and upgrade . pilots fly with the typhoon striker helmet wired to the plane to let pilots lock onto targets with ' just a look ' and a voice command . it also lets pilots ' see ' enemy aircraft through the body of the plane . a radar in the nose detects enemy aircraft and projects its image to the pilot 's visor . the helmet is wired to the plane to let pilots lock onto targets with ' just a look ' and a voice command . it also lets pilots ' see ' enemy aircraft through the body of the plane . for example , a radar in the nose of the typhoon detects enemy aircraft hidden from the pilot 's view . as the pilot looks towards the position of the enemy aircraft , its image is projected on the visor . they can then lock-on to the aircraft by voice command , which means the enemy is also tracked by the aircraft 's weapons systems . sensors on the helmet ' talk ' to the fixed sensors on the aircraft so the typhoon always knows exactly where the pilot is looking . weapons sensors on the typhoon track enemy aircraft and missile information and feed it back to the plane , which is directly wired to the helmet . . lancashire-based bae systems paid £2.5 million ( $ 3.7 million ) for this setup ( pictured ) and said the ' result is one of the most perfectly aligned fast jet airframes in the world ' . sensors on the helmet ( pictured ) ' talk ' to the fixed sensors on the aircraft so the typhoon always knows exactly where the pilot is looking . weapons sensors on the typhoon track enemy aircraft and missile information and feed it back to the plane . inside the cockpit , bae systems has designed lighting that is clear and legible at all times . the company 's ambient light facility in warton is specifically designed to replicate the full range of lighting conditions of each journey . this specialised facility has been used by firms that make displays for bank atm machines as part of a group called sunshine club . the cockpit is made of glass and includes a wide-angle head up display ( hud ) , full-colour multifunctional head down displays ( mhdds ) and helmet mounted symbology system ( hmss ) . the cockpit is made of glass and includes a wide-angle head up display ( hud ) , full-colour multifunctional head down displays ( mhdds ) and helmet mounted symbology system ( hmss ) . these displays and computer systems provide pilots ( pictured ) with information from sensors and flight instruments . inside the cockpit , bae systems has designed lighting that is clear and legible at all times . the company 's ambient light facility in warton ( chris gerrard , lighting test engineer is pictured ) is specifically designed to replicate the full range of lighting conditions of each journey . these displays and computer systems provide the pilot with information from sensors , flight instruments and aircraft mission computers . a parachute is inside the ejector seat on the aircraft . and to reduce pilot workload , the typhoon has a voice throttle and stick ( vtas ) system which means the pilot can keep his hand on the throttle and operate the majority of the aircraft’s controls from this position . additional commands can be given through voice activation . it is worn as part of the typhoon jet fighter pilot 's suit . in this suit there is a single connection to ' feed the pilot ' with air , oxygen and radio connection and the suit 's trousers inflate to counteract the loss of blood from the head to the feet when the aircraft hits g force . this image reveals the various components of a typhoon jet fighter test pilot 's suit . a parachute is inside the ejector seat on the aircraft . there is a single connection to ' feed the pilot ' with air , oxygen and radio connection . the suit 's trousers inflate to counteract the loss of blood from the head to the feet .   