finding that dream wedding dress usually requires months of saving and trawling expensive bridal shops . but now brides-to-be can buy their gown during the weekly grocery shop online – for just £80 . tesco’s clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . and the dress , which is exclusively available on tesco’s website , is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes . scroll down for video . tesco value : the supermarket 's clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . it is available online for just £80 and can be worn again rather than being stashed away . aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester . the cheaper materials mean it can be handwashed at home . however , if this design isn’t the one you envisage saying ‘ i do’ in , there are a growing number of cheaper than usual gowns now available on the high street . ghost sells an embroidered mesh wedding dress for £295 and phase eight offers a vintage-inspired lace gown , priced £395 . in monsoon , bridal gowns start at £169 , and in coast they cost between £175 and £250 . last night a wedding expert said the rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs . caroline hendry , editor of hitched.co.uk , said : ‘ there will always be a place in the bridal market for designer gowns but it’s great that the new wedding dress from f & f at tesco offers something stylish for brides on a budget . bargain : aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester . a wedding expert said the rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs . ‘ couples are appearing more budget conscious in their wedding planning , there has been a great rise in diy style weddings – where couples are taking time and effort to do the hard work themselves to save money – and this budget-friendly wedding dress would suit the diy-style bride perfectly . ' i particularly love the cap sleeves and on-trend sheer lace neckline , perfect for a vintage-style wedding day . ’ last night a spokesman for f & f at tesco said the dress was made to cater for brides on a budget . he said : ‘ the bridal range is an extension of f & f’s occasion wear offer which over the seasons the brand has seen positive sales reactions too . ' f & f aims to provide affordable yet stylish pieces for brides and guests a like . every bride wants to look gorgeous on their wedding day , with the f & f wedding dress this is made possible but on a budget . ' with wedding costs soring , we want to ensure customers are still able to experience an aspirational quality of dress at a very affordable price . '