when most think of ford , its ubiquitous fiesta and focus spring to mind . but in a bid to shed its image as the home of the mundane run-around , the company has launched its very own supercar . with the first models already shipped to china , the gt , will be unrolled across europe next year . while ford has refused to officially confirm its price , bosses have indicated it will run alongside the £260,000 lamborghini aventador . to herald its launch , the company 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture which showcases how they came about creating the prototype . ford showcased its £260,000 gt in a stunning light installation in the heart of milan as the first models are shipped to china . the light sculpture was unveiled in the piazza de fidele on tuesday as part of milan design week . planted in milan 's piazza de fidele , it walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car 's conception . in the heart of one of the world 's most design-savvy cities , many were surprised to learn the piece had been produced by car designers and engineers , said bosses . ' ( having an artwork ) is something new for us but really it combined everything that we do everyday , ' said moray callum , ford 's vice president of design . ' the model making , the technology - all of that was done in house so it 's just taking what we do and presenting it in a different way . ' ' we , generally , are a car company that talks to car guys but we wanted to reach a wider audience . ' we 've had people approaching the installation and asking `` this is ford ? ! '' which is just great . ' people were shocked that we were doing this and that 's what we wanted to hear . ' alongside the modern artwork , ford has released some of the first impressions of what the gts interior will look like . the artwork was composed by ford designers who worked on the concept for the £260,000 gt . the interactive installation was placed in milan 's piazza de fidele where it remained throughout design week . with its exterior a combination of aluminium and carbon-fibre , the compact two-seater has all the hallmarks of its ultra-sleek competitors . and earmarked at around the same price as the lamborghini aventador , the gt is a far cry from the much-loved models which keeps the company afloat . but despite a drive towards luxury , bosses insist the company is not trying to breakaway from its most reliable consumer . ' as long as i 'm around , the mum on the school run will remain important - but design is important for her too , ' added mr callum . speaking at milan 's salone de mobile - an annual showcase of the world 's leading furniture and light designers - he continued : ' generally we are a car company that talks to car guys but we want to reach a wider audience . ' design has always been important but we 're finding you need to expand your audience . ' the model was showcased for the first time at the international auto show in detroit earlier this year ( above ) . the car has up-swinging doors and 600 horsepower . it was unveiled in january in detroit to a rapturous reception . the first images of the interior of the ford gt have been revealed after 100 of the supercars were shipped to china . while the vehicle wo n't reach european markets until next year , bosses say they have been ' pleased ' with the reaction the car . while the gt is priced out of most 's grasp , another of its most advanced vehicles could be brought to the masses , he added . ford 's version of a driverless car is in the final stages of production with just safety legislation and measure standing between it and the open road . ' we have autonomous cars that we 've been working on for the past 20 years in detroit . a lot of the technology is there for about 90 per cent of driving , ' added mr callum . ' what we 're working on now is that extra 10 per cent which will take into account whether there are road works or if there 's been an accident ( and it 's not registered ) . '   