the england c team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of greg dyke’s spending review at the football association . fa chairman dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs , and has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving . england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough , who selects from players outside the football league , aged 23 and under . fa chairman greg dyke could axe the england c team to save money to help improve grassroots football . the team normally plays only three or four times a season , but some friendly fixtures have attracted attention inside the organisation because of the elaborate travel involved . england won 6-1 in bermuda , in june 2013 , and won 1-0 in jordan , in march last year . fairclough’s team also compete in the international challenge trophy , a competition for european semi-pro national teams , but did not qualify for the semi-finals of this year’s tournament from a home-and-away qualifying group featuring turkey , slovakia and estonia . they were beaten by cyprus u21s in friendly in larnaca , in february , but there are no more fixtures planned and , since a meeting last week , fears have increased about the long-term future for a team which has been known since its formation as the national game xi , england semi-pro and england non-league . paul fairclough ( left ) is the current manager of the team and he selects non-league players under 23 . those capped at this level include george boyd of burnley , craig mackail-smith of brighton and steve morison of leeds , who all went on to play at full international level , although not for england . boyd and mackail-smith won caps for scotland and morison for wales . former leicester winger steve guppy won one senior england cap after playing once for his country at non-league level . guppy also won one cap for the u21s and one for england b , which could make him the ultimate one-cap wonder . barnsley manager lee johnson was also capped at non-league level . george boyd ( right ) played for the england c team before switching allegiances and playing for scotland .