three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl , lianne hindle lay dead in the same hospital bed . the mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit north manchester general hospital in december . the 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit . the deaths , along with those of four babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital prompted an investigation . today ms hindle 's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies . chris barnes , whose partner lianne hindle died three hours after giving birth to their daughter poppy ( pictured with brothers zac and louie ) , is calling for action to prevent further tragedies at north manchester general hospital . the 40-year-old father-of-four said : ' something has to be done . it is n't right . ' this is still happening . maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies . ' mr barnes , who suffers with cerebral palsy , has been left to care for the couple 's three-month-old daughter poppy , and her three brothers , morgan , 15 , zac , nine , and louie , seven . north manchester general and the royal oldham hospital called in independent experts to review its maternity units after the spate of 10 deaths in the eight-month period from december 2013 to july last year . ms hindle , from bury , died in december - her death falling outside the scope of the investigation . she went into labour at almost 35 weeks pregnant , in the early hours of december 15 . the expectant mother was scheduled to give birth at st mary 's hospital , which has a specialist intensive care baby unit , after suffering two previous stillbirths , and three premature pregnancies . but she was taken to north manchester general by ambulance instead , after it became clear she was going to give birth before she could get to st mary 's . this is the only picture ms hindle 's family have of her holding daughter poppy . immediately after welcoming baby poppy shortly after 2am , mr barnes said his partner appeared ' fine ' , holding the newborn and naming her . but just an hour later , she started to feel unwell - complaining that she was ' red hot ' . ms barnes described how ms hindle started to look ' deathly white ' , and felt cold and clammy to touch , before her eyes began rolling back in her head . her blood pressure and heart rate plummeted as her condition deteriorated and she died at around 6am after suffering a cardiac arrest . ms barnes said the family has concerns about the care ms hindle received , claiming she was left alone with a student midwife following the birth , once the placenta had been delivered . ' lianne was repeatedly talking of how red hot she was , asking for a fan and the windows to be opened , ' ms barnes said . ' the student midwife said that was normal after having a baby and wafted her with a sick bowl . ' i did n't see lianne 's temperature taken once . ' ms barnes claimed at one point , a member of staff came into the room and asked the student midwife : ' who are you supposed to be with ? ' to which the student replied , `` exactly '' , ms barnes said . ms hindle 's family said no one from the hospital had contacted them since her death . ms barnes added : ' that makes us feel that she just was n't important to them . ' mr barnes , who suffers cerebral palsy , has been left to care for the couple 's four children , zac , nine , morgan , 15 , three-month-old poppy , and louie , seven . a spokesman for the pennine acute hospitals nhs trust said : ' our condolences go out to the family in this tragic case . ' lianne was diverted to us as an emergency on the way to another hospital . ' she was not previously known to our maternity service and while her baby was delivered safely , tragically lianne subsequently died . ' we are unable to comment further as this case has been referred to the coroner and has not yet been heard . ' we deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' mr barnes said : ' lianne had always dreamed of a little girl . she was a strong character and loved her family . her death has shocked and devastated us . it does n't seem real . ' the boys have been pretty resilient but louie is a mummy 's boy and recently has been waking up in the night and crying out for her . that has been hard to take . ' a date for her inquest has not yet been set . an investigation was launched at the north manchester general hospital after the deaths of three babies and a mother at the hospital between december 2013 and july last year . the probe also looked at the deaths of four babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital over the same time period . a catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two nhs hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months . independent investigators were called into royal oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers , and north manchester general after the deaths of another three babies and one mother . lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth in april this year , while newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . a summary of the investigation , which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now , has been seen by mailonline and found ' notable absence of clinical leadership ' in the maternity wards , and a ' failure to adequately plan care ' in a number of cases . lisa parkisson , 35 , ( left with son zac ) died 48 hours after giving birth at oldham royal in june last year . thomas beaty ( right ) died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb . a team of independent investigators also found risk management was ' below standard ' in some cases - though there were no apparent ' deficiencies in care ' in the deaths of the three mothers . the report noted that several of the mothers were obese or morbidly obese , which can lead to complications , but that national guidelines for treating overweight people were not followed . officials also criticised the hospital 's own investigations , saying the root cause of the deaths was not always identified , opportunities to learn lessons were not always picked up , and that some recommendations were too general and difficult to measure . all of the deaths are believed to have occurred between december 2013 , and july last year . pennine acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings . they include strengthening clinical leadership and risk management , making sure enough staff are on duty to ensure safety and reviewing the process for employing temporary locum doctors . gill harris , chief nurse at pennine acute , said last week : ' the trust is always keen to learn and to improve care . we commissioned a review by experts from outside the trust to look at the details of a small number of maternity cases at our hospitals . independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at oldham royal following the deaths of four babies and two mothers there in eight months . ' we are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients . ' we deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' a spokeswoman for the care quality commission , the health regulator , said : ' cqc is aware that pennine acute hospitals nhs trust has recently initiated an external review into its maternity services and we are in close liaison with the trust , nhs england and local ccg regarding the review findings . '