what if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears , and voiced them out loud ? known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women , dove has taken a more brutal approach in its latest advertisement . showing the harsh criticism that women regularly heap upon themselves , dove decided to see what would happen when somebody else said those things , to their faces . scroll down for video . for the new one beautiful thought ad campaign , dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove . unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script . created in france , dove asked a group of women - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook . the beauty brand then took the notes away with them . unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script . what happened next , shocked them all . dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script , created using the notes each of the women made about themselves , while they were all within earshot . their reactions were priceless . the comments featured in the actresses ' scripted dialogue were harsh , cutting and bordering on bullying . played out by two actresses , the script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe , where the women themselves had been invited for coffee . in the experiment set up by dove , the women heard the actresses repeat their own thoughts to each other , out loud . making for a shocking scene , the script , which contained nothing but the original notes , was cutting to say the least . one woman felt insecure about her teeth , noting that she thought they made her look like a mouse . when the actresses repeated the insecurity out loud , while sitting on the next table , her shock was obvious . in one scenario , a customer sitting on a nearby table , not involved in the experiment , even intervenes . ' your arms are too big , your silhouette is all squashed , ' reads one remark written by a woman who looks no bigger than a size eight . ' sit up straight otherwise your belly looks big , ' the same woman continues . several of the women 's messages to themselves echo the kind of schoolyard bullying we 'd all frown upon . in one scenario , a customer sitting on a nearby table , not involved in the experiment , even intervened . several of the women 's messages to themselves echo the kind of schoolyard bullying we 'd all immediately frown upon . ' with your little baby teeth you look like a mouse , ' says one . while another , ' your face looks like a bulldog , ' when said out loud underlines the way many women effectively bully themselves every single day . visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognise the dialogue as their own notes . ' i hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one , moved to tears by the shock of the experiment . visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognise the dialogue as their own notes . ' i hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one . while another concedes , ' yes that 's what i say to myself all day long . now , i get how violent it is ! ' many of the comments written in the notebooks , when said out loud , underline the way lots of women are effectively bullying themselves every single day , by focusing on their insecurities and never their beauty . if you would n't speak so harshly to a friend , why do it to yourself ? the one beautiful thought campaign is yet another in dove 's line of powerful videos , which all aim to encourage women to be kinder to themselves and each other . the one beautiful thought campaign is yet another in dove 's line of powerful videos . ahead of the 2015 academy awards in february , the beauty brand teamed up with twitter to create the # speakbeautiful video . aired during the pre-oscars show , the short clip championed the message , ' let 's change the way we talk about beauty on twitter , after revealing that last year women sent over five million negative tweets about body image .