teachers complained they are now expected to be ' frontline stormtroppers ' in the fight against islamist extremism in school , a conference has heard . they said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules . the national union of teachers ( nut ) suggested that government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ' shut down debate ' in schools . teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions . they also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects , such as the charlie hebdo killings , for fear of being branded an extremist . scroll down for video . christine blower , nut general secretary , said there is a need keep a ' safe space ' for discussion . jan nielsen , an nut member from wandsworth , south-west london , said : ' we have to be clear that we are being put in the position where we are really being expected to be the frontline stormtroopers , who listen , who spy , and notify the authorities about students that we may be suspicious of . ' the conference heard an example of a student being pulled aside after prayers one friday because children coming out of the prayer room were talking about extremism , despite the fact that the boy had put a strong argument against joining jihadi groups . in another case , a boy who applied to go to pakistan to visit his dying grandfather had his laptop taken from him and searched , with three potential examples of the youngster viewing jihadi websites found . when the pupil was questioned , he asked how he could argue against something if he did not understand it . in response , the pupil 's non-muslim classmates questioned why they would not be seen as suspicious if they applied to visit their grandparents in holland , the conference was told . delegates at the annual conference in harrogate , north yorkshire , raised concerns about the move to require schools to promote fundamental british values as well as the government 's prevent strategy , which is aimed at tackling extremism . the strategy suggests school staff can help to identify and refer youngsters whose behaviour suggests that they are being drawn into extremism or terrorism . alex kenny , of the union 's executive , described prevent as a ' blunt instrument that will do damage and inhibit debate in schools ' , adding that ofsted should be allowed ' nowhere near these issues ' . ofsted now checks that schools are actively promoting british values like tolerance and democracy as part of regular inspections . in the wake of attacks on the charlie hebdo journalists there were , in some schools , muslim pupils who did not feel they could say they were offended by the newspapers cartoons . mr kenny said : ' we live in a damaged and volatile world , and like us , young people are trying to make sense of it , like us , they 're trying to come to conclusions about cause , effect and solutions , and like us they want a space to discuss it . ' schools are places where that discussion , on ethical and political issues should take place , in an environment of enquiry , and it may be an environment where young people say things we do n't like , or say things that concern us that we want to address with them , that we want to discuss with them . ' but prevent conflates a notion of british values and an elastic notion of non-violent extremism that is shutting down that debate . ' he added : ' we have measures to deal with safeguarding , we have child protection measures , we do n't need prevent and we do n't need to involve the police as the first instance . ' we are hearing young people telling teachers that they do n't want to discuss things , that they do n't want to discuss what happened with the charlie hebdo shootings , young people who were offended by the charlie hebdo cartoons , but saying they do n't want to say it in class , they do n't want to say it in schools . the conference heard that prevent was shutting down debate in schools . ' prevent is shutting down debate and we must oppose it and we must say schools are places where children and teachers should be allowed to discuss these issues . ' to loud applause , delegates passed a resolution which includes an amendment calling on conference to confirm it believes ' that schools should be places where young people can discuss events in a spirit of enquiry and openness , and that teachers are well-placed to facilitate such discussions and deal with the expression of unacceptable viewpoints ' . a conservative spokesman said : ' teaching about the fundamental british values of democracy , the rule of law , individual liberty and tolerance and respect for others is part of our promotion of british values , and is at the heart of what every school has to deliver for children . ' we want all schools to promote these values throughout the curriculum , not just as a bulwark against extremism , but as a vital part of preparing young people to get on in life . ' he added : ' our guidance makes it clear that no teacher or school leader should feel unable to talk about difficult or sensitive issues - indeed teaching about fundamental british values actively encourages such discussions - but no-one should be using a school to promote views , opinions or beliefs that discriminate against other people on the basis of their background . ' 