ahead of golf 's first major of the year , where all talk is of whether rory mcilroy can complete a career grand slam or how tiger woods ' latest comeback will fare , sportsmail 's derek lawrenson will bring daily updates from behind the scenes at augusta . world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta . vintage poults ! you got ta love ian poulter . even after all these years , the englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down magnolia lane for the masters . only one problem . as he got out of the car , he realised he’d left one rather important item back at his rental home . his golf clubs . englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started at augusta that he forgot his clubs . can flu-hit henrik fly ? there is a reason why the phrase ‘ beware the injured golfer’ has entered the sport’s lexicon . so who among the lame , sick and wounded currently playing down their chances is going to confound his own expectations this week ? listening to swede henrik stenson , who’s just getting over a nasty bout of flu , he fits the bill . henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu . look out for tiger cubs . has tiger woods finally learned to look up and smell the azaleas ? not only will he play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade but sharing bag-carrying duties will be his two offspring , charlie and sam . do you think there might be one or two photographers who will take an interest ? tiger woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament . the pioneer gene . masters tuesday saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot in the tournament’s history , the one that put the event on the map , when gene sarazen made his albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out craig wood . rory mcilroy will impress us all if he completes his career grand slam in more dramatic fashion than that . gene sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th . waiting for sweet 16 . a practice-round tradition at this grand old tournament is to gather around the beautiful par-three 16th hole and see which players are talented enough to skip their golf balls across the water and on to the green . so far , none has matched the amazing feats of vijay singh in 2009 and martin kaymer in 2012 , whose shots not only reached the green but dropped into the hole . martin kaymer of germany is one of two players to have holed after skipping off the water at the 16th . hand it over , sir . as the patrons make their way through the admission gates to augusta national , the plethora of signs listing the prohibited items offers reassuring confirmation of the list of priorities at the masters . in order : no cellphones . no cameras . no knives . no weapons .  