jet-setter : elvis presley bought both planes in 1975 . they 've been one of the biggest highlights of graceland for 30 years . but elvis presley’s planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal . memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie – named after the king of rock ‘n’ roll’s daughter – can be moved from his estate to a site nearby . it means tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets , which are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer . graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley 's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes . they have been at the estate since the mid-1980s after graceland’s managing company , elvis presley enterprises ( epe ) , agreed that the planes’ owner , okc partnership , could have a cut of graceland ticket sales . okc spokesman tim mccaskill told memphis city council this week that the goal was for construction work at the planes’ new home to be finished in time for them to be moved there for elvis week in august . the site is on the same street as graceland . big hit : the lisa marie , pictured in the grounds of graceland , was given a major overhaul by elvis . hound dog ii : the smaller jet was used by the star during lisa marie 's refit and was also his back-up plane . okc has been in a lengthy dispute with epe , which was bought by new york-based authentic brands group in 2013 . last april , epe sent a letter to okc , saying it was exercising its option to end their agreement and asking okc ‘ to make arrangements for the removal of the airplanes and the restoration of the site on or shortly after april 26 , 2015’ . at one stage , elvis’s former wife priscilla stepped into the heated row - telling fans who were outraged at the prospect of the planes being moved to ‘ calm down’ . elvis 's bedroom : the lisa marie had a custom-made , queen-sized bed for the star , who liked to fly at night . perfectly preserved : a table and chairs in the plane . the seats are now covered in plastic to protect them . lounge in the sky : there are four tvs in total plus a videotape system in the lisa marie . hot on design : presley , who oversaw the plane 's refurbishment , insisted on gold bathroom taps . then last september , okc put them up for sale , saying if they couldn’t stay at elvis’s former home , they would have to be sold . okc owner kg coker , 77 , said at the time : ‘ i would love to see the airplanes stay where they are forever . ‘ millions of fans have toured those airplanes and there 's a real connection between fans and those airplanes . they are part of the elvis experience . ’ the jets were expected to fetch $ 15million in an auction in january . but they were withdrawn from sale , and okc made arrangements to have them displayed on land adjacent to graceland . hound dog ii was bought by elvis for $ 900,000 in september 1975 – less than two years before his death . in november 1975 he paid $ 250,000 for the larger but secondhand plane lisa marie , and spent at least $ 300,000 having it renovated . he would use hound dog ii - a lockheed jetstar - to fly to lisa marie’s hangar to see how the refit was going . when it was finished , hound dog ii became his back-up jet . both planes were sold after the singer’s death in august 1977 and bought a few years later by okc . the lisa marie was installed at graceland in 1984 and the hound dog ii soon afterwards . small but comfortable : the eye-catching lime-green and yellow seats in elvis 's hound dog ii jet . current home : the jets have been at graceland since the 1980s , where they have their own entrance ( right ) . heated debate : elvis 's ex-wife priscilla presley joined in the row over whether the planes should stay at graceland with this tweet to his fans last year . she turned the home into a tourist destination after he died . the lisa marie was bought by elvis from delta air lines in november 1975 for $ 250,000 . it was originally built in 1960 , and the singer spent at least $ 300,000 having the interior overhauled to suit his tastes . he gave it a penthouse-style bedroom with a queen-size bed and in-flight library , an executive conference room finished in teak - and a bathroom with gold sink and taps . the plane also had a bar , four tvs with a videotape system and a state-of-the-art stereo system with 52 speakers . elvis had the plane painted red , white and blue with his motto tcb - for ' takin ' care of business ' - on the tail . it was decked out by a team that had previously designed the us president’s plane , air force one . during the refurbishment , the lisa marie was in a hangar in fort worth . elvis took great pleasure in flying friends there in his smaller hound dog ii jet to check on the progress of the refit , which he personally oversaw . the lisa marie - a four-engine 28-passenger convair - could fly presley up to 3,000 miles ( 4,800km ) . on each flight there would typically be three crew members . it could hold a maximum of 29 people but usually there would be around eight . the custom-made bed was particularly important to elvis as he preferred to travel by night . the last journey the plane made for the family was in august 1977 when it transported elvis 's ex-wife priscilla and his good friend george hamilton from california to his funeral at graceland . priscilla presley and her then husband elvis board a private jet in the 1960s . the couple separated in 1972 . 