britt mchenry is back to work . the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status . but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend . confirming the news to sports illustrated , senior coordinating producer seth markman said : ' she knows she made a mistake . she’s owned up to it . i think she is just really anxious to get back to work . ' scroll down for video . she 's back ! britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced . markman insisted ' she has a lot of potential as a reporter ' , adding , ' she is young , she’s learning some things , but i really do believe in her . ' he continued : ' we had a conversation where we both talked about that it would take time and it will be hard . she knows that , and especially at the beginning . ' she realizes she will have to do her job really well and hopefully win back some of the trust of our viewers . we expect that from her , and i expect that from her . ' she did a great job for us on the nfl last year in some difficult situations and i have seen nothing that doesn’t make me think she will rebound from this . but she knows the first couple of assignments out of the box will not be easy . ' online petitions for mchenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released . the verbal attack on april 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office , where clerk gina michelle was stood behind the counter . 'i’m in the news , sweetheart , i will f*****g sue this place , ' mchenry can he heard saying in the video . michelle can be heard warning mchenry she is being filmed and threatens to ' play your video ' . mchenry seems unfussed , responding : 'that’s why i have a degree and you do n't - i would n't work in a scumbag place like this . caught red-faced : incredibly , mchenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . unhappy customer : britt mchenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . warning : since britt mchenry 's outburst , this sign has been placed on the door of the chinese restaurant . scene of the tirade : this is the towing yard in arlington , va , where mchenry 's abusive rant happened . restaurant employees said mchenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . ' makes my skin crawl even being here . ' michelle patiently replies : ' well let 's get you out of here quickly . ' mchenry then fires back : ' yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money… with no education , no skill set . just wanted to clarify that . ' after a few more comments , including telling michelle she does n't have a brain , mchenry delivers her biggest sting . ' maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ' cos i 'm on television and you 're in a f*****g trailer , honey . ' finally , before walking away , mchenry says : ' lose some weight , baby girl . ' although she issued an apology on twitter , the sportscaster did not approach michelle directly . the apology : mchenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online thursday . hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on twitter as espn refuses to comment further . at first , mchenry tweeted insisting she had been in the right . but that post was deleted within hours . employees at the beer hall-cum-chinese-restaurant hunan number one told daily mail online the sports reporter left her car in the parking lot overnight despite clear signs on the door that cars will be towed , warning bar-goers that the restaurant would not be responsible ' if your car is towed from the parking lot ' . the venue , which features ' happy hour ' from 11am until 9pm , was described by enthusiastic patrons as a prime 'pre-game ' spot and online reviewers as a beloved dive bar . hunan number one , offers sushi , hot-wings and other bar food , along with 32oz draft beers for around $ 8 , five-buck highballs and half-price bottles of wine , served up in front of big screen tvs playing sports . when the bar shuts at 2am , the private towing company , advanced towing , within minutes began removing cars in concurrence with a rule on the private lot . the firm showed magnanimity , saying it did not want mchenry to suffer . in a statement advanced towing said : ' parking enforcement is contentious by nature . at the same time , neither gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing britt mchenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ' ms mchenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . she is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ' gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . gina holds no ill will toward ms mchenry . ' as a small regulated business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . ' the video was not licensed or sold to anyone . '   