a would-be cage fighter accused of beheading a great-grandmother in her garden has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . appearing briefly at london 's old bailey , nicholas salvador , nicknamed ' fat nick ' , spoke only to issue his plea . dressed in black and flanked by three security guards , he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , giving the same reason . nicholas salvador ( right ) is accused of killing palmira silva ( left ) in her garden in september last year . the widow ran a successful cafe , silva 's cafe , in church street , edmonton - where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on september 4 last year . salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , with a machete . she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road , edmonton , north london , in september 2014 . the suburban street became the scene of a major police operation after officers were called to apprehend the alleged killer . happy family : palmira and her late husband domenico with their now grown-up children , celestina and rino . mrs silva moved to london from her native southern italy with her husband domenico six decades ago . several of the victim 's relatives , including her daughter celestina , were in the courtroom to witness the plea . mrs silva moved to london from her native southern italy with her husband domenico six decades ago . they married and had a daughter , celestina , and a son , rino . the widow ran a successful cafe , silva 's cafe , in church street , edmonton - where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on september 4 last year . mr silva died in 2008 but the family continued the business . mrs silva had only recently stopped working full time at the cafe that she and her son ran . salvador , an only child , is thought to have left home at the age of around 13 or 14 after arriving in the uk from nigeria with his parents . police were forced to stage a dramatic evacuation operation to save neighbours during the incident , and an armed squad tasered the suspect . the house in the busy street where the italian widow 's body was found was the scene of a major police operation after officers were called initially to reports that a man had beheaded an animal . scotland yard said that its officers distracted a man after he was seen going through back gardens in nightingale road while they evacuated people from nearby homes . judge hilliard set a trial date of june 22 at the old bailey and salvador was then escorted out of the dock . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .