brendan rodgers has urged liverpool to turn wembley back into ' anfield south ' and believes an fa cup semi-final victory over aston villa on sunday would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality . rodgers is looking to lead liverpool to an eighth fa cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing kenny dalglish as manager in 2012 . and the northern irishman believes that while trophy success is imperative for any liverpool team , success this season could pave the way for many more trips to wembley in the future . brendan rodgers leads liverpool for the first time at wembley since arriving at the club in 2012 . liverpool 's last trophy success came in 2012 in the league cup under kenny dalglish . rodgers wants liverpool to reclaim the form that led wembley being called ' anfield south ' by supporters . ' the history of the competition is set here at liverpool , with the great victories they 've had in the past , ' rodgers said in an interview with the football association . ' and this is a club that is based around winning trophies . ' wembley was somewhere that used to be known as ' anfield south ' . liverpool used to visit wembley so much it was a regular occurrence for them . ' we have some gifted young players who we want to springboard their careers by allowing them to feel the mentality of winning and that would really help us . ' the 42-year-old rodgers also spoke of his eagerness to claim his first piece of silverware at liverpool . he took the side to brink of winning the premier league for the first time last season but while liverpool have undoubtedly progressed under his guidance , their last trophy win was the league cup in 2012 under dalglish . ' i want to be in the game for a long time , and be renowned as someone who is up there at the elite level and looking to win trophies , ' rodgers said . ' ( the fa cup ) is synonymous throughout the world . it 's the real competition in domestic football that the players love to win . ' rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons . should rodgers ( left ) guide liverpool to victory , steven gerrard will have a chance to lift a cup in his last game . rodgers has an indifferent record against villa since arriving at liverpool . he has beaten the club three times at villa park but has yet to record victory over the midlands side at anfield in the league in his three seasons , losing twice . should liverpool reach the final against arsenal on may 30 , it would present captain steven gerrard with the chance to sign off his era at liverpool by lifting a trophy .