dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld 's current form could n't be further apart as they head into premier league darts ' ninth leg in manchester on thursday . world no 1 van gerwen , 25 , beat countryman van barneveld , 47 , 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time world championship winner on the brink of elimination . with one aiming to keep his feet on the ground while flying high and the other searching for a way back to former glory , there could be few better sources of inspiration than old trafford , where the pair posed with compatriots manchester united stars daley blind and robin van persie on wednesday . michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld ( centre ) pose with compatriots daley blind ( left ) and robin van persie ( right ) at old trafford on wednesday . dutch darts duo van barneveld and van gerwen with point to robin van persie 's shirt at old trafford . van barneveld ( left ) and van gerwen pose in front of the no 17 shirt worn by another countryman , daley blind . ' bullseye ! dutch darts legends raymond van barneveld and michael van gerwen enjoyed a tour of old trafford today , ' posted the club 's official instagram as they hosted the darts icons . van gerwen was sensational in dublin last thursday averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s , as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter , but with the 10-man field being cut by two after thursday 's matches his compatriot could be leaving the tournament early . both players showed immense respect for each other after the game , taking to twitter to pay tribute to their opponent . van persie tweeted this picture of him blind , van gerwen and van barneveld at a dinner table . blind claimed to have been on the winning team in his post on instagram . world no 1 van gerwen beat van barneveld 7-2 last week to stay undfeated in premier league darts . defeat by gary anderson on thursday could spell elimination for van barneveld . ' i gave it my all . it was not enough , back to the practise board . happy with my game , tonight ' van gerwen ) was too good , congrats ! ' he wrote to his barneyarmy supporters . van gerwen was gracious in victory : ' always special to win against a great player in ( van barneveld ) . so happy to get the points and stay unbeaten . dublin you were fantastic . ' the eight who remain will go on to sheffield , aberdeen , cardiff , birmingham , newcastle and brightton before the play-offs at the o2 in london on may 21 . van barneveld faces gary anderson and defeat will end the defending champion 's campaign but he 's not letting the occasion get to him . ' i do n't feel any pressure , ' he told sky sports . ' i 'm aware that i 'm the defending champion and i 'm aware that i 'm among the nine best players in the world . ' the two vans connected with more dutchman , and a fellow van , with pictures taken in front of shirts bearing the names of robin van persie and daley blind . louis van gaal was nowhere to be seen but he has a fan in the world no 1 , who had faith he would succeed in the premier league after his work with their national team . ' no one gave him anything for this world cup and he did it - he got them to the semi-final , ' he said ahead of the former ajax and bayern munich boss 's appointment . ' but not only that he has worked for all the big teams and now he is jumping into a big task at man united . he will make them better - i know he will . ' 