england 's joe root has every hope the team can kick on and win the second test against west indies , after his first overseas century headlined a positive day for the visitors . root 's unbeaten 118 came with england posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three , while the score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from england 's top order . captain alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott ( 59 ) at the top before gary ballance 's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with root , making it a very happy st george 's day in st george 's , grenada . joe root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test in grenada . england 's root smashes a short ball to the boundary as west indies keeper denesh ramdin can only watch on . root plays confidently off the back foot through the offside during a commanding innings . root and gary ballance run between wickets as they easily work the west indian bowling around on a hot day . the end of the day was slightly marred by the loss of three quick wickets , with ballance , moeen ali and ben stokes departing deep into the final session , leaving jos buttler ( four ) to start day four alongside root . when asked about england 's chances of victory , root told sky sports : ' absolutely . we 've got plenty of batting left in that dressing room . ' build a partnership with jos tomorrow morning and hopefully we get a big score and only have to bat once . england captain alastair cook hits through the offside as he enjoys some width on day three . jonathan trott cuts before the ball can reach windies captain ramdin 's gloves on his way to 59 runs . cook congratulates trott on his first test half-century since returning to the england line-up in the morning . ' ( we ) had a blip towards the end there but there is still plenty of batting left in that dressing room and fingers crossed we can kick on and make a big first innings score . ' root 's personal effort was also his sixth test century - his first came on home territory at headingley in 2013 against new zealand , a side he could well be facing later this year . the yorkshireman added : ' i 'm just trying to score as many runs as i can each time . the more i can make over a hundred , the better . ' i feel good . my movements are very good at the minute . you go through blips ( in your career ) and the key now for me is to score as many as i can while i have this going for me . ' ben stokes is given a salute send-off by his west indian rival marlon samuels after holing out for eight runs . trott answered some of the criticisms levelled at him after he struggled on his test comeback in antigua , but was still after more . ' alastair and i were really pleased to put on a good start but i 'm sure both of us are disappointed we could n't go on and make a bigger score , ' he said . ' you do n't spend all those hours in the nets to get fifties , you go there to get match defining hundreds . ' but we get on pretty well , we 've got a goods understanding in the middle and it was nice to get back in the groove . '