dr dorin scladan removed the 11lb ( 5kg ) growth from the woman , who had believed she was pregnant . a romanian woman who believed she was pregnant was devastated to be told she actually had an 11lb tumour inside her uterus . madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she believed she was in labour . as a result , medics at botosani county hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child . but after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant at all . instead , she was actually carrying a 11lbs ( 5kg ) tumour inside her uterus . one of the doctors treating her , dr dorin scladan , 47 , said : ' as the woman told us she was pregnant , we initially expected pregnancy complications . ' in fact , the size of her belly was quite similar to that of a nine-month pregnant woman , so we did n't have any reason to doubt what she told us . ' dr sclandan and his colleage dr camelia todica , 43 , carried out an operation to remove the tumour . the patient was then transferred to intensive care - and doctors say she will recover . dr scladan said : ' we do n't often see a tumour of this size and in this location . ' the news comes after last year mailonline reported on the story of lorna fulton , 44 , who desperately wanted a family and believed she was pregnant when her stomach began to swell . she had ballooned to a size 26 and her waistline had been expanding despite months of dieting . but while she hoped this was a sign she was expecting , specialists discovered a huge ovarian cyst . mrs fulton was forced to undergo a full hysterectomy at glasgow 's royal infirmary where medics drained more than 32 litres of fluid from her stomach . it was revealed she had been carrying around a 5st cyst , a sac of fluid that forms on the ovary , for months . she recovered after the operation , and although she now can not have children , says she feels ' lucky to be alive ' . doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour from the woman 's uterus , and she was transferred to intensive care . and in 2012 , mailonline reported on the story of kayleigh terry , 21 , who believed she was pregnant with her first child after gaining weight . but she was terrified to discover she actually had cancer . an ultrasound scan revealed she had a large cancerous growth which covered an area from her breast to her lower abdomen . she was diagnosed with ewing 's sarcoma and had emergency chemotherapy to shrink the potentially deadly tumour . miss terry lost her hair and eye-lashes along with 3st in weight after the shrunken tumour was removed a few months later . but after treatment , she was given the all clear , and now hopes to start her own family . 