we spent £400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one ! claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b & b . she says : when nigel and i met as students in 1993 we soon discovered we both absolutely loved the 1940s . i had a beautiful mirror from the period that still hangs over our fireplace . we love the style because there’s such an attention to detail in everything from the handles through to the surfaces . when we moved in together after university , we’d scour the local north london markets for 1940s pieces while checking out bric-a-brac shops and antique dealers on holiday . i’ve always found other people are more interested in earlier items from victorian , edwardian or georgian times , so we’re usually left to take our pick . scroll down for video . claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b & b . in 2011 , our dreams came true when we bought a world war ii airfield control tower near wells-next-the-sea for £295,000 . it had been used as accommodation or a grain store since the war so needed a lot of work — we spent nearly £200,000 getting it back to how it used to be . we stripped out the laminated flooring and scraped off the modern wallpaper , replacing it with original parquet flooring from a sheffield school , and painting the walls . the bathrooms were the biggest source of stress . we once bought a cast-iron bath on ebay only to discover it was still installed . we had to pay someone £250 to drive up with pipe cutters and spanners to dig it out of the bathroom . but it was worth it . another time we bought a pink bathroom suite then discovered the toilet wasn’t of the period . it took us four months of calling reclamation yards and googling to find the one we wanted . it cost £400 from a reclamation yard in the west country — the most we’ve paid for something . while life has been made easier by the arrival of ebay , it does have added stresses . we spent new year’s eve two years ago desperately driving around trying to find a signal so i could bid on some concertina dividing doors . eventually we managed it with 15 seconds to spare and got them for £200 . they said : 'we’ve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields . we’ve even met local veterans who flew from the airfield . it’s been great to bring this great tower back to life ' . our biggest expense was the windows , as control towers have so many . we spent around £45,000 having custom-made replicas , but ours are thankfully double glazed . it’s taken us three years to do up the tower , and while the b & b part is finished , we’re still working on our private living areas . i invited my ten-year-old nephew to stay and showed him photos of how it had been when we moved in . seeing all the modern flooring and wallpaper , he asked : ‘ auntie claire , why have you wrecked your house ? ’ we’re so pleased with the results though . my favourite piece is an original anglepoise workbench lamp in our kitchen , which came from one of the metal huts in the grounds . and the enamel fireplaces cost £200 each , but they add to the historical feel of the building . we’ve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields . we’ve even met local veterans who flew from the airfield . it’s been great to bring this great tower back to life . my biggest weakness is 50s cocktail bars - at one stage i had six . emma edwards , 46 , lives with her partner nigel preston , 57 , in manchester . she runs the vintage website missbamboo.co.uk . she says : i’ve always loved the flamboyance of the 1950s — they were so kitsch and glamorous . interiors of the era are full of texture , colours and shapes , so there’s always something exciting , quirky or beautiful to look at in our home . nigel and i have been together for 11 years , but we’ve shared a house only for the past three . we originally had our own homes , and mine was full of 1950s memorabilia , but his wasn’t . so , luckily , nigel gave me the go-ahead to renovate his place , where we now live , two years ago . on the outside it’s a regular 1930s semi , but inside it’s like stepping back into the 1950s . in total , the work cost about £10,000 . emma edwards , 46 , lives with her partner nigel preston , 57 , in manchester . she runs the vintage website missbamboo.co.uk and , at one stage , had six 1950s cocktail bars ( left ) . the most extravagant item i’ve bought is hawaiian vintage tropical wallpaper that has a pink tropical flower and island print . i got four rolls from a specialist website for £100 each . but it’s worth it . i have found a few bargains , too , such as a 1950s pearlised pale green bedroom set for £40 from a flea market in manchester in the early 1990s . i love it . once i found two pink melamine chests of drawers on ebay that i just had to have . we had to head to glasgow to collect them , but as we were going on holiday the next day , our car was being serviced . i made nigel take the train with me and we had to lug them back ourselves — they were so heavy and awkward that we had to stand in the space between the carriages the whole way home . she said : ' i do have modern things mixed in , but only when they have a retro 50s look , for example our microwave ' . her radio is also a blast from the past . my biggest 1950s weakness is bamboo cocktail bars because i love the tiki , or polynesian-style cocktail culture , which was a big part of the era . if i see a rare bamboo cocktail bar cabinet i can’t help but buy it — at one point i owned six . i’ve sold two and have one in storage , but i still have two in my lounge and one in my conservatory . they cost between £100 and £200 . i do have modern things mixed in , but only when they have a retro 50s look , for example our microwave . the tv is the only modern-looking item , i hate its appearance , but it’s great to watch a vintage movie on and keeps nigel happy . maybe at some point we will make a cool mid-century surround or cabinet to disguise it . i wouldn’t want my house to look like everyone else’s — that would just be boring . yes , i know it 's kitch but that 's why i love the 1960s . ursula forbush , 48 , is single , a manager for a charity and lives near bristol . she says : from the red glass vases and psychedelic wallpaper , to the formica tables and g-plan dining suite , everything about my two-bedroom terrace home is a tribute to the late sixties . i fell in love with the era as a twentysomething in the eighties while feeling uninspired by the new romantic music and the fashions at the time . after digging around in my mum’s record collection i realised i loved sixties music , particularly the beatles and rolling stones , and devoured books about the decade . ursula forbush , 48 , is single . she is a manager for a charity , lives near bristol and adores anything kitsch , spending hours running round flea markets . covetous of the style of pattie boyd , marianne faithfull and edie sedgwick — andy warhol’s muse — i scoured the second-hand market in leicester , where i grew up , for sixties fashions . i have a like-minded friend who completely decorated her home in sixties style , and i vowed to one day have my own sixties abode . the first thing i did when i bought my home 12 years ago was to have genuine sixties wallpaper put up . i imported a funky pink and brown swirled paper for about £20 a roll from holland which adorns one wall of my dining room , while in the hallway there is orange flowery wallpaper from italy , and a calming blue pattern in my bedroom . at the windows hang original sixties curtains bought from second-hand shops . i adore anything kitsch and spend hours rummaging at auctions , car-boot sales , flea markets and in charity shops , never paying more than a few pounds . a sixties lamp with large swirls all over the tall shade was one of the more expensive items , at £100 from ebay . she said : ' every night i come home to my sixties bubble , switch on my old record player , listen to some vinyl , and all the stresses of 2015 melt away ' . i have a record player reminiscent of a white space helmet , and there are original white fluffy flokati rugs on my lounge floor . formica tables are scattered around the house and the walls are hung with prints of iconic paintings like the chinese girl by vladimir tretchikoff . in the kitchen is an old kenwood mixer and sixties crockery and glassware . i also have an orange slow cooker , plus boots heated curlers , and hood-style hairdryer which cost £5 from a charity shop — i don’t use the hair gadgets in case they blow up . although i don’t like modern decor and furnishings and have very little of either , i’ve had to be practical with certain items . an old twin tub wouldn’t fit in my kitchen so i’ve got a modern washing machine . and while my tv is also new , i paid more for one that’s smaller , white and in keeping with the white fibreglass sixties table on which it sits . every night i come home to my sixties bubble , switch on my old record player , listen to some vinyl , and all the stresses of 2015 melt away .