it seems when it comes to royal fashion faux pas , birds of a feather really do flock together . yesterday the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats as they joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service . sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation . with them , and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose , was autumn phillips , 36 , wife of the queen’s grandson peter phillips . lady louise windsor , the countess’ 11-year-old daughter , made up the four royal ladies . scroll down for video . royal ladies : from left , lady louise windsor , sophie , countess of wessex , autumn phillips and princess beatrice . flight of fancy : the countess of wessex sophie wore a feathered hat to the traditional easter service at st george 's chapel in windsor castle with monica vinader earrings . the queen in a bright blue coat and hat and the duke of edinburgh arrive by car to attend a traditional easter sunday service at st george 's chapel at windsor castle this morning . after arriving at the chapel , the royal couple were greeted by other members of the royal family including princess beatrice and sophie , countess of wessex . the queen and prince philip were joined by the rest of royal family as they attended a traditional easter sunday church service at windsor castle today . her majesty dressed in a bright blue coat dress with matching hat , arrived by car alongside the duke of edinburgh at st george 's chapel where she was greeted by the dean of windsor , the right reverend david connor . making their way to the chapel on foot were princess beatrice , wearing a striking blue hat with a matching dress and navy jacket , and autumn phillips , wife of the queen 's grandson peter phillips , who wore a floral dress underneath a navy cape-style coat with a hat by emily-london . after the service at st george 's chapel in windsor castle , her majesty was presented with a posy of daffodils by seven-year-old milo fairman . they were also joined by prince andrew , prince edward , princess anne , her husband timothy laurence and her son peter phillips , who also appeared happy and relaxed . however , absent from the service were duke and duchess of cambridge , who are awaiting their arrival of a brother or sister for prince george later this month , and prince charles and the duchess of cornwall , who celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on thursday . prince harry also did n't attend the service as he is due in australia today , where he will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force . today 's church service marked a busy weekend for the queen , who attended a maundy day service at sheffield cathedral on thursday . the female members of the royal family including lady louise windsor , the countess of wessex , autumn phillips and princess beatrice , all walked together and chatted as they made their way to the chapel . sophie , countess of wessex , and her daughter lady louise , opted for pastel coloured coats , while princess beatrice and autumn phillips both went for navy jackets . although the countess of wessex , autumn phillips and princess beatrice attended the service , absent were the duke and duchess of cambridge , who are expecting their second child later this month . sophie , the countess of wessex appears to have something stuck on her shoe , left , but after checking she laughs it off with her husband prince edward , right . lady louise windsor smiles and she stands with her parents the earl and countess of wessex after attending an easter church service . resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat , the monarch was all smiles as she arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional ceremony . joined by the duke of edinburgh , her majesty was there to present ' alms ' to 89 women and 89 men . historically , this sum of £5.50 in the red purse is made up of £3 for clothing , £1.50 in lieu of provisions and £1 for the redemption of the sovereign 's gown . many of male members of the royal family followed behind as they walked to the chapel , including prince edward and his nephew peter phillips . also making their way to st george 's chapel today were prince andrew and princess anne , who walked together . princess beatrice , right , sported a striking blue hat with matching dress and a navy blue jacket . prince andrew and princess anne , dressed in mint green , were followed on their way to church by daniel chatto , husband of lady sarah armstrong- jones , daughter of princess margaret . the duke of edinburgh , left , was at his wife , the queen 's side as she led the royal family , including prince edward to church at windsor castle . the white purse contains uniquely minted maundy money , which , unlike coins in general circulation , bear the portrait of the queen produced by mary gillick at the start of her reign . meanwhile the archbishop of canterbury used his easter message to hail the students killed by islamist militants in kenya last week as ‘ martyrs ' . justin welby said in his easter sermon at canterbury cathedral that 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen on thursday were ‘witnesses’ to their faith and suffered ‘ cruel deaths’ . the spanish royal family were also pictured attending easter mass at the cathedral in palma de mallorca . the family traditionally spend their easter holidays on the balearic island . queen letizia of spain wore stylish black trousers with a floral top and white jacket for easter mass at the cathedral of palma de mallorca . enjoying the service was spanish king felipe vi , his wife queen leitizia , his daughters princesses leonor and sofia and his mother queen sofia . his comments follow pope francis’s denunciation of the ‘senseless’ killings at garissa university college , in which christians were singled out and shot . elsewhere on the balearic island of majorca , the spanish royal family attend a traditional easter mass at the cathedral in palma de mallorca . before the service , spanish king felipe vi posed for pictures with his wife queen letizia , his mother queen sofia and his daughters princess leonor and princess sofia .