sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat , which can drain battery and even damage the device . now an israeli team of developers has built a ' thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot , it will automatically cool it down . called amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device , or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold . scroll down for video . the optimal case ( pictured ) was designed by israel-based amited . sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans . and if it gets too hot , optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . the recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15°c ( 59°f ) , while the ' extreme allowable ' temperature is 40°c to 50°c ( 40°c to 122°f ) . studies have found that a phone is most efficient when it 's between 0° and 35°c ( 32°f to 95°f ) , and keeping it as near room temperature as possible ( 22° c or 72°f ) is ideal . at an average temperature of 0°c ( 32°f ) , a lithium-ion battery will lose six per cent of its maximum capacity every year . at 25°c ( 77°f ) degrees that number jumps to 20 per cent . optimal syncs with a smartphone over bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when auto mode is enabled , using built-in temperature and humidity sensors . optimal syncs with a smartphone over bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when auto mode is enabled , using built-in temperature and humidity sensors . the board and fans are pictured . auto mode can be disabled and users can also manually track temperature changes using an app . this app shows changes over time , but also reveals which apps in particular are having the highest thermal effect on the phone . users can then set their own custom temperatures zones and set alarm thresholds . inside the 0.19-inch ( 5mm ) thick case is a pair of ' virtually silent ' , 0.07inch ( 2mm ) micro-fans with air flow of 1.3 litres per minute . these dissipate the heat and cool the phone down . amited is also fitted with an ultra-thin heating coils attached to the back of a conductive copper plate . when optimal notices a drop in temperature , anti-freeze mode will engage these coils to stop the phone from freezing , even in sub-freezing conditions . optimal 's sensors are pictured . when optimal 's air vents are blocked , for example when the phone is in a pocket or bag , it will alert the user to warn them the temperature in their phone needs to be corrected . alternatively , the phone can use optimal 's built-in battery as a backup . optimal is fitted with temperature sensors , resistance coils and two 2mm micro-fans . it syncs with a smartphone over bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone 's temperature when in auto mode . if it gets too hot , optimal will cool the device using the micro-fans . these fans help the phone dissipate heat faster and cools down the device . and if the phone gets too hot , optimal engages its anti-freeze protection to gently heat the phone using the resistance coils . optimal remains in low-power , ' sleeping mode ' the rest of the time to conserve battery . auto mode can be switched off at any time , though , and people can manually analyse their phone 's temperature , as well as see which apps impacting the device . plus , when optimal 's air vents are blocked , for example when the phone is in a pocket or bag , it alerts the user to warn them the temperature of their phone needs to be corrected . alternatively , the phone can use optimal 's built-in battery as a backup . amited is launching an indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case ( pictured ) on 9 april . optimal will be available for pre-order for apple , samsung , nexus , htc & xperia phones . prices have n't been announced . studies have found that a phone is most efficient between 0° and 35°c ( 32°f to 95°f ) , and keeping it as near room temperature as possible ( 22° c or 72°f ) is ideal . at an average temperature of 0°c ( 32°f ) , a lithium-ion battery will lose 6 % of its maximum capacity every year . at 25°c ( 77°f ) degrees that number jumps to 20 % . batteries exposed to hot temperatures lose their ability to store energy and the hotter the temperature , the faster they lose this ability . extreme heatcan also cause permanent battery failure if exposed for long periods . in the cold , when the temperatures drop low enough , the phone could think its battery is empty even if it’s fully charged . the colder it gets , the least amount of energy that the battery can provide . in addition , the internal resistance of the battery grows , causing the output voltage to drop . when auto mode is enabled , these subtle temperature changes are tracked automatically , but this mode can be disabled and users can manually track these changes using the optimal app . this app shows temperature changes over time , but also reveals which apps are having the highest thermal effect on the phone . users can then set custom operation modes based on their activity and location , set their own custom temperatures zones and set alarm thresholds . ' heat is the worst enemy of your smartphone battery , ' said amited . ' like all electronics , constant exposure to the elements will have a negative impact on your smartphone . ' intense usage will lead to overheating , while extreme cold weather will lead to some circuits freezing inside your smartphone . ' in time , these can affect the performance of your phone’s cpu , battery and gpu . and , eventually , they’ll let you down completely . ' ' optimal is the world’s first thermal protection case designed to keep your smartphone working at its best , no matter where you go or how excessive you use it . ' amited is launching an indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case on the 9 april . optimal cases will then be available for pre-order for apple , samsung , nexus , htc & xperia phones . prices have not been announced .