in custody : dana marie mckinnon , 24 , has been charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed an orlando businessman . a 24-year-old florida woman has been arrested in connection to a 2013 drunken-driver crash that killed the ceo of a defense contractor . dana marie mckinnon , of oviedo , was taken into custody tuesday on charges of dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide . she is being held at the orange county jail on $ 10,150 bail . according to florida highway patrol , mckinnon , then a 21-year-old student at university of central florida , was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old orlando businessman vihn vo on the morning of may 18 , 2013 . the victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite good samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him . officials say mckinnon was driving east along lake pickett road at around 5.30am when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road . the college student crossed into the westbound lane and slammed head on into vihn vo 's 2009 toyota sienna minivan , causing both vehicles to spin out . a couple who were on their way to melbourne that morning stopped at the scene of the crash and rushed to vihn vo 's aid . horror crash : mckinnon was driving east along lake pickett road at dawn on may 18 , 2013 , when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road . they tried to pry open the driver 's door to extract him from the mangled white minivan , but their efforts failed . the woman then called 911 , pleading the dispatcher for help . ' you need to hurry ! ' the woman said in a recording obtained by orlando sentinel after the accident . ' we do n't have a pulse at the scene . ' paramedics responded to the crash within nine minutes of the frantic call but could not revive mr vo . death trap : the college student slammed head on into vihn vo 's white 2009 toyota sienna minivan , causing both vehicles to spin out . the man died at the scene . dana mckinnon suffered minor injuries in the collision . tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was .163 - more than twice the legal limit . on tuesday , mckinnon surrendered herself at the county jail . wkmg reported that fhp troopers attributed the two-year delay in mckinnon 's arrest to a prolonged investigation . according to an article in bloomberg business last february , vinh vo was the owner and ceo of vector planning & services , a virginia-based company founded in 1997 that provides it services to the military and federal and state agencies . last year , the defense contractor was forced to pay $ 6.5million to settle criminal and civil claims for double-billing the us navy over the course of five years . 