human remains have been found in the search for a missing college freshman who vanished while home for spring break last month . anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home in norfolk . the remains were found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning , police said . franklin is around 40 miles from norfolk . the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner 's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death . the fbi is now involved in the investigation , police said . missing : aj hadsell has been missing since march 2 and on thursday , police announced they had found remains 40 miles from her home . they have been sent to the medical examiner 's office for identification . it comes after police focused their search on a pond near carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface . her stepdad wesley hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home ; he says he was looking for aj . two days after the hadsell vanished , police received a tip that she had been seen on the virginia commonwealth university campus , two hours away from where she was last seen by her family . investigators have previously said there is no evidence of foul play , but her family and friends have said she would n't disappear on purpose . earlier this week , her grandmother , katherine hadsell , blasted authorities for seemingly ' doing nothing ' to bring the teenager home . and in a twist , hadsell 's stepfather was caught allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after anjelica 's disappearance , an act his mother katherine says was out of fatherly concern . she told abc news her son wesley had heard his stepdaughter could be inside the home . ' as any father would , if you hear that your daughter may or may not be in a house or being held or some of her belongings or at a location , any father is going to try and find out , ' she said . he was arrested on march 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . hadsell , 36 , had not been named a suspect and has insisted he does not know where aj is . he faces charges of obstructing justice , possessing ammunition and breaking and entering . search : last week , authorities searched a nearby pond near carrsville ( pictured ) after receiving a tip that her cellphone might be below the surface . carrseville is just six miles from where the remains were found . fears : the 18-year-old freshman vanished while home on spring break from longwood university . but hadsell , who had been working in nearby franklin , around the time of the disappearance , said he was only thinking about his daughter . ' i could n't sit a minute away from where my daughter may have been , ' he told wavy.com . while searching the property for around 15 minutes , he claims that he discovered her jacket . ' i was just trying to make the evidence come to light , ' he said . ' it 's not like i had the jacket , i did n't plant the jacket , i did n't know anything about that . it was the fact of the overwhelming information that led me there . ' the stepfather has aroused local suspicions because he has a lengthy felony criminal record . in 2005 , his ex-wife went missing for several days and he was reportedly arrested after allegedly kidnapping her and driving her across multiple states . concern : her grandmother katherine hadsell said earlier this week that she did not think police were doing enough to find the teenager . she argued that her son , wesley hadsell , had been arrested unfairly . charges of rape , kidnapping , assault and domestic violence were later dropped . he also served 54 months in prison for a bank robbery in fredericksburg , virginia , according to wtkr - but he insists that he is now a changed man . and in another twist , jennifer busby , aj 's mother , said she received texts from her daughter 's phone shortly after he disappearance but was not convinced she was actually messaging the girl . aj is described as standing at 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds .