a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today . zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ‘ while drunk’ . she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski’s car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk . scroll down for video . on his way to britain : zbigniew huminski ( left ) , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe ( right ) , yesterday afternoon in france ‘ while drunk’ . horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken . chloe’s mother , named only as isabelle , ‘ heard her daughter’s screams’ as she was being taken away from outside her school in calais - but was unable to do anything . jean pierre valensi , the prosecutor of nearby boulogne-sur-mer , said huminski was arrested hours later and ‘ immediately recognised his involvement in the murder of the child . ’ dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ‘ strangulation and sexual violence’ , said mr valensi . tests also showed huminski was over the alcohol limit for driving . huminski had been banned from french territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘ extreme violence’ including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife . but he had driven to france in a polish registered car this week , and intended to travel to britain to stay with family who had emigrated there , said mr valensi . chloe was playing with a friend on wednesday afternoon when she approached huminski , who had stopped his car to drink a beer , and squirted him with her water pistol . remembered : relatives of chloe are joined in a march in calais today following the nine-year-old girl 's death . walking together : the mayor of calais natacha bouchart ( right ) and the mother ( centre ) of chloe , identified only as isabelle , leave calais city hill with relatives today . the pole later told french police that he grabbed her and forced her into his red seat toledo before driving her three miles to the nearby dubrulle wood . isabelle , who had left briefly to take her son to a sports match , began screaming the moment she saw the man , described by witnesses as bald and wearing sunglasses , pushing chloe into his car . the car , which had polish number plates , was found by police near where chloe was killed . isabelle did not even have time to reach chloe 's father so they could launch a formal missing persons appeal before her body was discovered . ' i 've begun to understand i will never see chloe again , ' isabelle told le parisien . ' it 's tough . very hard . above all , i do not know when or how i 'm going to tell his little sister and little brother . they are only five and four years old , i do not know if they can understand . ' huminski , who is single , originally moved to france in the early 2000s , and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the foreign legion as a soldier . he was rejected because of his criminal background , and then said he wanted to go and live with his sister in england . huminski was on his way to southampton , where his sister lives , french prosecutors confirmed tonight . flowers : ms bouchart ( left ) comforts isabelle ( right ) , as relatives and people gather during a march in calais . emotional day : a person holds a portrait during a march in calais in homage to the nine-year-old girl . in 2009 he was lodging in calais with a bulgarian immigrant when he attacked a pensioner in her own home , tying her up , before running away with the equivalent of £50 in cash . psychiatric reports presented in court portrayed huminiski as a ‘ chronic alcoholic’ known for violent burglaries in both france and britain . he was last convicted in france in april 2010 , when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault , before being released early on march 27 , 2014 , when he was deported to warsaw . chloe is said to have pointed a water pistol at huminski as part of a childish game before he bundled her into the back of his red seat toledo at about 3.30pm yesterday , the prosecutor said . the child’s body was found around two hours later , three miles away in the dubrulle wood . sadness : women place flowers at a playground in the neighbourhood where chloe was taken yesterday . distraught : today people laid flowers at the place where the girl was snatched by the polish man ( pictured ) . until a few weeks ago , it was the site of a large immigrant camp , made up of mainly men trying to get aboard ferries sailing to the south coast of england . such camps are regularly razed by the french authorities , with the migrants moved on . natacha bouchart , the calais mayor , said : ‘ i was informed at 4.30pm that a young girl was abducted by a man in a red car as she left school in the chateaubriand area of calais , at around 3.30pm . a city security chief found an empty red car registered in poland in dubrulle wood , in the north of the city . ‘ he then called the police , who found the body of the girl in the woods . during the same patrol , they found the person who owned the vehicle , apparently a polish national . ’ the mayor has been at the forefront of a campaign to clear out all illegal migrants from her city , saying they are behind all kinds of crimes in the region . tragic decision : chloe 's mother had let her continue playing in calais because it was nice outside . shocking : prosecutor jean-pierre valensi ( pictured ) said forensic investigators reported evidence of ' strangulation and sexual violence ' , and that the polish man in question had admitted to the killing . the mother of a child who went to school with chloe told agence france-presse : ‘ it 's horrific . my son knew her , he did n't sleep last night . he knows he will never see her again . i ca n't even imagine what the parents are going through . ’ french prime minister manuel valls called for light to be shed on the suspect 's history , saying the family and community were ' deeply shocked ' by the murder . ' it is up to the legal system now to carry out the investigation and what we owe to the family is the whole truth , ' he said . calais was plunged into mourning after the killing of the girl described as ' cheerful and full of life ' . residents planned a march in memory of chloe today . flags in the town were already being flown at half mast . huminski will now be kept in custody pending a criminal trial for murder .