it was 25 years ago this week that the skeletal remains of a woman were found near daytona beach in florida - and police are still trying to find out who she is , and who killed her . the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 . investigators believe her badly decomposed remains , which consisted mostly just bones , had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open , and police hope a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology with help them finally solve the murder . unsolved homicide : forensics have used the latest technology to reconstruct the skeletal remains of a woman found near daytona beach 25 years ago this week to produce this image . she was never identified . a forensic artist recently created a lifelike , computer-generated image of the woman’s face , which is the biggest development in the case in years , the daytona beach news journal reported . the jane doe is described as between 25 and 40 years old , about 5-feet 4-inches in height and of a medium build . at the time of her death , her brown hair was tied into pig tails . according to forensics , the woman seems to have had multiple children . the new reconstruction shows the vast improvements in forensic science over the years . the last image , released in 2001 , was done by a fbi-trained facial reconstruction artist using the victim 's skull . advancements : the last image of jane doe was done in 2001 using the controversial method of forensic facial reconstruction , which relies on the victim 's skull and an artist building the face using clay . scene : the victim was found in a wooded area east of clyde morris boulevard in volusia county in april 1990 . investigators are urging anyone with information to call sgt . pat thoman at 386-254-1535 . anonymous tips can also be lodged using crime stoppers of volusia and flagler counties at 888-277-tips ( 8477 ) . there is a cash reward on offer of up to $ 5,000 .