more people in britain back fracking than are opposed to it , a greenpeace survey has found . some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction , while 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique . the anti-fracking environmental campaign group was accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result . more people in britain back fracking than are opposed to it , a greenpeace survey has found . the finding – hidden in a footnote to a greenpeace press release – shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls . only 24 per cent of people said they supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in february . a similar poll by yougov in january put approval for extracting shale gas at 35 per cent and opposition at 41 per cent . the greenpeace survey , carried out by comres , found greatest support among men ( 56 per cent ) and the over-65s ( 58 per cent ) . by contrast only 29 per cent of women backed fracking . the finding – hidden in a footnote to a greenpeace press release – shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls . above , a drilling site in balcombe , west sussex . greenpeace activists ' frack ' david cameron 's countryside home last year . above , a man puts up a sign on green barriers . over 2,000 people marched and surrounded a drill rig by forming a human chain in west sussex in 2013 . other results of the study suggest the issue could help to swing the result in marginal constituencies at next month 's general election , the campaign group claimed . nearly a third of people would be less likely to vote for a candidate who supports fracking in their area , the polling found . only 13 per cent would be more inclined to support them , although 44 per cent said it would have no impact on how they cast their vote . at least 35 of the seats being targeted in the tories ' election strategy are in areas licensed for fracking , as are 11 labour and eight lib dem seats held with a swing of two per cent or less . one in ten conservative voters , nearly a quarter of lib-dem supporters and a fifth of labour backers said they were ' much less likely ' to vote for a candidate in favour of fracking in their constituency . more than 800 people standing to be mps next month have signed a pledge declaring their opposition to shale gas organised by greenpeace and friends of the earth . environmental activists locked themselves together at the main entrance to the cuadrilla exploratory drilling site in balcombe . a camp in balcombe was set up to protest against plans to drill for methane gas on a site just outside the village . they include 100 labour candidates , 105 lib dems , 403 greens , 23 plaid cymru , seven snp and seven ukip candidates . no conservatives have added their names so far . fracking , or hydraulic fracturing , is a method of extracting natural gas from rock deep underground by blasting it with a mixture of water , sand and chemicals . the industry claims it is a safe way of solving the energy crisis and produces fewer greenhouse gases than other fuel-production methods . but campaigners claim the technique poisons water supplies , industrialises the countryside and increases the risk of earthquakes . ken cronin , chief executive of fracking industry body uk onshore oil and gas , said : ' this poll – ironically commissioned by people who oppose fracking – shows that when presented with the real facts about the safety and low environmental impact of shale gas operations , british people will support onshore oil and gas exploration . ' the poll also shows that 57 per cent people say that a candidate 's support for fracking either makes them more likely to vote in their favour or no difference . greenpeace 's own facts simply do not support their rhetoric on fracking . ' a greenpeace spokesman said : ' it 's odd for the fracking industry to be welcoming these latest figures . compared to a similar survey from a year ago , public support for fracking has actually fallen . ' even tory voters say they are more likely to vote for a candidate opposing fracking in their constituencies than for someone who 's in favour of it . ' the government and the fracking lobby have thrown the kitchen sink at propping up dwindling public backing for this risky industry , and they have very little to show for it . '