a high school teenager 's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears . daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex . the pair had been driving along a route together where , unbeknownst to his girlfriend , daniel had erected a series of signs along the road . a teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal . together they read : ' alex . will . you . marry . lol jk . go to . prom . with me . ' the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person . but sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on . the pair had been driving together when , unknown to his girlfriend , daniel pena had erected a series of signs . girlfriend alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read : will ... you ... marry . she caught the next which read : will ... you ... marry and gasped as she saw the next , lol jk , which revealed the marriage proposal as a joke . reading out the final signs - go to . prom . with me - daniel had prepared to present her with the question mark to ask the question . but the romantic mood quickly turned sour when alex , who was not aware that her boyfriend was behind the attempt , criticized his carefully planned out proposal . ' that 's a really s****y way to ask someone to prom , ' she said . she gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke when she read lol jk , meaning ' just kidding ' . the next signs read go to . prom . with me , and daniel had the final question mark in the car ready to show his girlfriend . poor daniel 's face drops when she dismisses his proposal but does n't let on it was him , simply saying ' well , ok . ' suddenly the penny dropped and a mortified alex , realizing her embarrassing blunder asked him ' was that you ? ' before bursting into guilt-ridden tears . luckily there was a happy ending to the disastrous proposal as , after wiping away her tears , alex said yes . whether daniel will want to go with her to the prom is another question . elaborate filmed ' promposals ' ( prom proposals ) are on the rise in the states as teens attempt to outdo each other . but things quickly turned sour when alex dismissed the attempt saying : ' that 's a really s****y way to ask someone to prom ' . daniel 's face drops when alex criticizes his carefully planned out proposal but he does n't yet let on it was him . several teens filmed themselves holding up signs asking their dates to prom , while others got more inventive , writing it on trees , in pretzels or scrawled across a burrito . devan cavanaugh even wrote her harry potter-style proposal , with train ticket from platform 9 3/4 to her date daniel reyna . while stephen pack organised an afternoon-long scavenger hunt to ask his date mimi seel to the prom . hiding clues in places that were special to the couple , he then gathered an army of friends to help pull his big ask off . the final destination is where stephen and mimi had their first kiss but even his proposal was not perfect - stephen left the final clue in his car . after a quick fetch , she pieced his question together and said yes . suddenly the penny drops and she eventually realizes the prom proposal was for her and had come from her boyfriend . with worry across her face , the panic-ridden alex asks daniel who has begun to grin ' was that you ? ' when he confirms it was him , alex bursts into tears and daniel is left to console his sobbing girlfriend , but there was a happy ending as once she 'd finished crying from guilt , she said yes . 