a widow who was left £15million by a high-rolling gambler has launched a multi-million pound lawsuit against his family – claiming she is owed up to £385million more . ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least £400million when he died and the £15million left to her was an ‘ absurd presentation’ of his true wealth . the former beauty queen has launched a high court claim against his relatives , in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family . scroll down for video . lawsuit : jack dellal left his whole estate to wife ruanne , but she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just £1.7million . daughters : mrs dellal is suing six of her husband 's children , including gabrielle , left , and jasmine , right . mrs dellal , 61 , whose own assets have been valued at £41.5million , says she is owed a ‘ reasonable provision’ following the death of the legendary gambler . her late husband , known as ‘ black jack’ , was a regular at the gaming tables of casinos in mayfair and monaco and gambled £1.7million in a single night in 2006 . his family dispute his widow’s allegations and the true extent of the tycoon’s wealth will now be scrutinised by the high court , which will assess mrs dellal’s claim that she has been short-changed . she claims six of his children are the supposed beneficiaries of his alleged secret handouts . siblings lorraine , diane , gabrielle , jasmine and rowan were named along with son guy , the father of agent provocateur lingerie model alice dellal . his grandson alex and elderly sister violet were also named . yesterday , they failed in a bid to persuade a judge to throw out her claim before it could come to trial , setting the scene for a potentially explosive court battle . mr dellal , who was friends with celebrities including sir mick jagger , was notoriously secretive about his financial dealings but is said to have gambled millions every year , regularly winning or losing up to a £1million a night . he died in october 2012 , aged 89 , and left his entire estate to mrs dellal , his second wife , with nothing to his six adult children from previous relationships as he said he had already made provisions for them . mrs dellal , a former miss south africa , received £15.4million and he also put £20million in a trust fund for their two children , now aged 15 and 12 . son : guy dellal , pictured with his wife andrea , is also being sued by his stepmother over his father 's will . granddaughters : guy is the father of model alice dellal , left , and shoe designer charlotte dellal , right . but she claims his fortune appears to have shrunk mysteriously between his 2006 will which named her as his sole beneficiary and his death six years later . mr dellal , who was born in chorlton , manchester , to iranian émigré parents , made a fortune in textiles , merchant banking and property and his wealth was once said to top £1billion . jack dellal was the son of immigrants from baghdad , and he started his career as a humbile textile dealer in his home city of manchester . he became a multi-millionaire after starting a small banking business called dalton barton , which he sold to the bank keyser ullmann in 1972 for £58million - more than £700million in today 's money . mr dellal used the proceeds of the deal to set up allied commercial holdings , which he used as a vehicle for property dealings for the rest of his life . in 1989 , he made a vast profit from the purchase of bush house on the strand in central london , which was the headquarters of the bbc world service . allied commercial bought the building for £55million in 1987 , and sold it on to japanese firm kato kagaku for £130million just two years later . his final big deal came with the sale of the art deco shell-mex house , overlooking the thames , which raked in a £150million profit when it changed hands in 2007 . he had a son and four daughters from his first marriage to a former israeli air stewardess , which ended in divorce , and two daughters from another relationship . he married his second wife in 1997 and transferred assets worth around £56million to his six eldest children shortly after that wedding . by 2007 the couple’s marriage was in trouble and they each consulted two of britain’s leading divorce lawyers , raymond tooth and sandra davis . records of those meetings , revealed to the high court , were said to show mr dellal did not dispute he was worth £400million . the couple did not divorce , but mrs dellal claims her husband began funnelling huge amounts of money into trusts for his children without her knowledge , and had a £50million ‘ secret stash’ hidden in an account . in his written ruling , high court judge mr justice mostyn said mrs dellal had argued a ‘strong’ case that her husband had access to ‘ very considerable resources’ , but said there was little evidence he had given it to his children in secret . he said : ‘ it goes like this . if jack was very rich , and if his estate appears to have mysteriously shrunk , then the money can only have gone to his blood family . there are no other candidates . ’ mr dellal’s family asked the judge to throw the case out as they said she can not prove he gave money to them . they also argued mrs dellal’s wealth meant there was ‘ no prospect’ of the court awarding her any more money . she owns an £8.5million mansion in regent’s park , central london , a £3million townhouse in mayfair , the couple’s £5million home in hampshire , a £1.1million house in cape town in south africa , cars , jewellery and art worth almost £6million and has investments in the middle east worth £26.5million . grandson : art dealer alex dellal , pictured with his wife elisa and their son jack , is the son of guy . she claims her fortune has been ‘ somewhat diminished’ recently , although mr dellal’s relatives argued that was down to her own mismanagement . mr justice mostyn said it would be unfair to dismiss mrs dellal’s case without further scrutiny of her late husband’s finances . no date has yet been set for the case to be heard . 