the president of the european central bank was left cowering behind his bodyguard after being sprinkled with confetti by a female protester . a flabbergasted mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him during a press conference . the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled ' end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi . the protester flashed a v-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while the ecb boss was taken into a side room . flabbergasted : ex-femen activist josephine witt throws confetti at european central bank president mario draghi during a press conference in frankfurt , germany . taken by surprise : mr draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him . police said the woman was 21 and from hamburg . miss witt said she was formerly associated with feminist activist group femen . but the organisation , known for topless protests against what it sees as male ' economic , cultural and ideological occupation ' , claimed responsibility for the demonstration . mr draghi returned minutes later looking a little shaken but resumed his press conference , earning a small round of applause from the press corps at the end for his composure . ecb news conferences are usually sombre affairs , attended by reporters concerned with technical matters such as quantitative easing and asset-backed securities . taken down : the woman yelled ' end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi . defiant : police , who took her into custody after the incident in frankfurt , said she was 21 and from hamburg . ' the rest of the press conference could hardly match the excitement of the first minutes , ' investment bank ing said of wednesday 's event . # draghi became a trending hashtag on twitter - a rare event for a central banker . an ecb spokesman said the bank was investigating the incident . some left-wing activists accuse the ecb of enforcing budget austerity measures on eurozone countries , such as greece , that are under financial bailout programs . it has also been accused of having too few women in top positions . as attention returned to ecb policy , mr draghi said the bank intends to pursue its existing bond-buying stimulus program ' until the end of september 2016 and , in any case , until we see a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation . ' feminist activist group femen , known for topless protests against what it sees as male ' economic , cultural and ideological occupation ' , claimed responsibility for the stunt . the protester flashes a v-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs while draghi was taken into a side room . inflation at minus 0.1 per cent is way below the ecb 's aim of 2 per cent . there was some speculation that because of a recent improvement in the economy of the 19-country eurozone , the ecb might end its stimulus program before that date . in his statement , mr draghi noted that the ecb would look beyond month-by-month swings in economic data when assessing how long to carry on with the stimulus . the stimulus hopes to lower market interest rates , which tends to boost lending and , by extension , economic activity . the u.s. federal reserve has used a similar program . mr draghi said the stimulus program is proceeding smoothly and has helped lower market interest rates .