with many homes under the hammer this weekend , australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country . a pain and gain report released by corelogic for the december quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit . when being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . this home at 14 ridge street in south perth was bought for 925,000 and rebuilt by the owners after knocking down the original home . it will go for auction between $ 3 and $ 4 million , with the current expected price being left as a surprise . the home is three storeys with garage parking for three cars and was built in 2007 . it boasts 5 bedrooms , 4 bathrooms , library and fully fitted laundry , cellar , and home theatre . the total value of these profit making resales was over $ 17 billion , three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at only $ 418 million . this made the average profit made on each of the successful properties was $ 251,696 with the average loss on the unsuccessful homes being $ 65,435 . this is pretty good for those looking to sell up in capital cities , but not so good for those seeking to buy . the report showed that sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year . perth and melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 percent and 5.6 percent respectively . however this change in the market has not yet caught on in regional areas . an example of huge price increases – and profit margins for sellers – include a property at 6 dudley st bondi , purchased for $ 1.46 million in 2005 by and is expected to get over $ 3 million at auction this weekend . another is a home at 14 ridge street in south perth bought for 925,000 and rebuilt by the owners who are expecting to more than double the purchase price at auction on saturday . this property at 6 dudley st bondi was purchased for $ 1.46 million in 2005 by the owners and is expected to get over $ 3 million at auction this weekend . the property boasts stunning beach views and is placed directly between tamarama and bondi beach . it is less than a five minute walk to the beach and 4 large bedrooms with built-ins and a media/ tv room . perth and melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 percent and 5.6 percent respectively . however this change in the market has not yet caught on in regional areas . diane sheppard from lj hooker has told daily mail australia that generally in brackets over $ 800,000 there is not a profit to be made . ' western australia market is quite different , ' she said . ' it 's all about positioning in central areas and buying at good value . ' this warehouse at 1/16-18 bennetts lane melbourne is up for auction this weekend with offers over $ 850,000 . it is positioned in one of melbourne 's best known laneways and has off street parking for two cars . melbourne properties have seen extremely low resale losses of 5.6 percent . melbourne homes are held for longer than any other capital city with an owning period of nearly 12 years . this report has come with the news that the typical home in australia is now owned for over ten years before it is resold . across the regional market , homes tend to sell more regularly than in capital cities . at the end of 2014 , homes were being owned for 10 years , whereas at the end of 1013 , it was 9.6 years . melbourne homes are held for longer than any other capital city with a current owning period of nearly 12 years . in nsw , areas such as auburn , burwood , canada bay and snowy river have the longest average owning periods . ku-ring-gai and strathfield recorded the shortest holding times . 