a mother-of-two lost more than ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man . kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children , reaching a worrying 20st 3lb . however , the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions . kim callaghan became so worried that her weight was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight . kim 's weight loss saw her drop an incredible ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight . before she slimmed down kim 's wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure-hiding garments , and she was afraid she was losing her femininity . kim who lives in ardee , county louth , ireland , says she turned to masculine clothing as a way of hiding her shape . ' i only wore baggy trousers and flappy shirts when i was fat - i was trying to cover up my body because i was embarrassed . i stopped looking like a woman . ' now i 've slimmed down and i feel confident enough to wear dresses again . i feel healthy and very feminine . ' kim married her husband sean callaghan , 41 , in 1999 . after the pair got married they splashed out on a double deep-fat fryer . kim piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children , as she became heavier she worried that her husband sean would not see her as the ' sexy ' woman he married . before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 . the housewife 's diet consisted mainly of convenience foods like chicken kiev , deep-fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers . she said : ' we loved pizza , chips and chicken kievs . the deep fat fryer was my favourite thing in the house . ' soon after kim gave birth to her children owen , now 14 , and shannon , 13 , and her weight gain accelerated . eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her . the turning point came for kim when she struggled to keep up with her children she now takes part in regular exercise including cycling around her local area . kim joined slimming world in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks . ' i tried to take pride in my appearance , but at that size it was impossible to find anything flattering , i ordered all my clothes from catalogues . ' before long i had a wardrobe which could have been owned by a man . i had a signature cropped hairstyle and honestly looked nothing like a woman . i was worried that the the sexy , curvy bride which sean had married had disappeared forever . ' the turning point came for kim when she was out with her children on st patrick 's day in 2011 . she had to stop and rest after struggling to keep up . she said : ' i was trying to follow the kids up a hill near our home . i was hot and sweaty and i had to stop to catch my breath . ' my weight was getting in the way of my life with my kids - i knew it was time to change . ' when i got home that night i found a slimming world leaflet had been posted through my door . i thought it was a sign . ' kim started attending her local slimming world classes in secret and was initially embarrassed to admit she was trying to lose weight . she said : ' it took all my courage to go to the meetings - i was convinced everyone would judge me . kim feels far more feminine now that she is not limited to catalogue clothing . ' three weeks later i 'd shed a stone and i celebrated by telling my husband and the kids . they were all very supportive and amazed at what i had done . ' in a bid to make a dramatic change she swapped greasy fried foods for healthy meals cooked from scratch . kim even threw out her double deep-fat-fryer . the devoted slimmer also started running and cycling - and the pounds started to fall off . soon she had slimmed down to the slinky 9st 10lb she is today and ditched her baggy unflattering clothes for good . she said : ' i love being able to go into shops and have everything fit me . i do n't need to order from catalogues any more . ' i feel fantastic and i look great . i have a new life now . '  breakfast : nothing . lunch : fry-up with four slices of buttered bread . dinner : chicken kiev with potato croquettes and chips . snacks : crisps . breakfast : porridge with berries . lunch : scrambled eggs with ham and mushrooms . dinner : chicken stir-fry . snacks : throughout the day she snacks on yoghurt and fresh fruit . 