best-selling author sarah wilson has hit out at a woman’s website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder . the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ‘ i quit sugar’ book and website complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’ . wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans . celebrity chef evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of its particular recipes . former cosmopolitan editor wilson fumed on monday : ‘ is this how such things should be done ? . ’ sarah wilson hit out at the mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder . the i quit sugar author was pictured ( centre , right ) alongside paleo chef pete evans ( left ) and controversial wellness blogger belle gibson ( centre , left ) . ‘ take a sound , evidence-based article on orthorexia nervosa written by an academic and published on the conversation , republish it ( without attributing author ) and then festoon it with images of people not mentioned in the article so as to implicate that they have an eating disorder ! ? s**t , i hope not , ’ wilson said . also used in the article was a photo of a green smoothie – a much loved favourite of those involved in the ‘ clean living’ movement . the conversation article , which was seemingly republished on mamamia by way of a content sharing agreement , said : ‘ there is a blurry line separating “normal” healthy eating and orthorexia nervosa , but one way to define the condition is when eating “healthily” causes significant distress or negative consequences in a person’s life . ’ mamamia founder mia freedman and wilson are said to have had a long-running feud . wilson , who has an autoimmune disease , quit sugar in 2011 ‘ as an experiment’ but liked the results – including increased energy , better skin and wellness – so much that she continued her sugar ban and wrote a best-selling book in the process . wilson complained to mamamia and they agreed to remove her image from the article . ‘ update : mamamia has pulled my image and updated their post after i flagged the issue , ’ she wrote on facebook . editor-in-chief of the mamamia network , jamela rizvi , told daily mail australia : ' i agree that the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal . ms wilson complained to mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article . ' while the intention was to examine the idea of extremely strict diets masking potential eating disorders amongst devotees ; that is not what was achieved . ' once the issue was drawn to my attention , the images were immediately changed and i emailed sarah to apologise . ' i 'm glad that sarah has accepted that apology . ' in 2013 , mamamia’s founder mia freedman blasted wilson over her anti-sugar stance and called her ‘obsessed’ . wilson wrote a blog post about eating two chocolate croissants while on holiday and how for ‘ the rest of the day’ she felt incredibly ill . freedman responded by commenting on facebook ‘ the fastest way to become obsessed with something is to try and ban it entirely from your life’ . she later deleted the comment . celebrity chef mr evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , was recently dropped by its publisher . the public health association of australia found that ' a baby may die ' if they consumed one of the recipes in mr evan 's book . last month wellness guru wilson weighed in on the belle gibson controversy , saying too many health bloggers do not understand their power and responsibility . gibson , founder of the popular whole pantry app , has faced intense criticism since doubts were raised about whether she has terminal cancer . wilson told daily mail australia that the incident was ' unfortunate ' and that health bloggers have a huge responsibility to their followers . ' the real issue that 's going on is there 's a lot of people out there not taking on board the responsibility that comes with all this , ' she said . ' i do n't know that you need to be a dietitian to share information about your health journey . ' if you are somebody who works online and you claim to be a ( health ) blogger you have to take on certain responsibilities . ' you have to ensure you train yourself up in all of that ( science ) . that 's what i see is n't happening . ' there 's a lot of people out there who are't taking on the responsibility of being a disseminator of information . ' we 've got to be very transparent and acknowledge the science is not categorical - but respect the science that is there . ' wilson has said in a blog about the issue that ' diet ca n't cure disease ' . controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police dropped the investigation . ms gibson , who invented the whole pantry app and cook book , found fame on social media after claiming her diet had helped cure her cancer .    