the man widely considered the leading referee in the world will be in charge of the richest fight of all time . kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 . the appointment will be welcomed by both camps . referee kenny bayless ( left ) holds back floyd mayweather during his fight against marcos maidana . bayless breaks up the tension between mayweather ( right ) and maidana during their bout in september 2014 . manny pacquiao conducts a training session after his morning jog in los angeles on tuesday . pacquiao is watched by a group of fans who gather to see their man in action ahead of the super-fight . bob arum , pacquiao 's promoter , says : ' bayless is the best out there . ' bayless , a veteran of countless big fights in las vegas , will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight of the century in the mgm grand garden arena . the nevada state athletic commission , acutely aware that the officiating has to be of the highest order , given that the fight is likely to attract an audience well beyond those who usually watch boxing , have wisely put their trust in the large physical presence and unflappable personality of bayless . recent controversial results have put the commission under pressure to bring in officials from outside nevada for the mega-fights here and have made one concession in that regard . glenn feldman , a much respected judge from connecticut , will be among the three wise men scoring a fight which most expect to go the 12-round distance . the two other judges are las vegas resident dave moretti and burt clements , from reno . serious consideration was given to including a judge from overseas and john keane , a british boxing board class a-star official from wellingingborough , northampton was thought to be the favourite . bayless has refereed previous super fights involving mayweather and pacqiao . recently , he was in charge of mayweather 's difficult physical battle against marcos maidana and pacquiao 's spectacular knock-out by juan manuel marquez . he will receive $ 25,000 ( £16,600 ) for the night 's work in may , while the judges will each receive $ 20,000 ( £13,300 ) . it is still peanuts compared with the $ 180 million and $ 120 million which are the respective minimums expected to earned by mayweather and pacquiao but the officials are being paid somewhat more than expected . pacquiao continues his crunches and workout in the la park ahead of his clash with mayweather . the first and only eight-division champions pacquiao will face the undefeated mayweather in las vegas . bayless holds back pacquiao ( left ) as he stands over ricky hatton during their bout in 2009 . pacquiao ( left ) stands over a knocked down hatton as bayless begins his count during the fight in 2009 . 