from deep craters to basaltic plains , the varied surface of the moon has been revealed in stunning detail by the us geological survey . the two sets of maps , compiled by cartographer trent hare , include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years . the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters . to the left of these craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ' ocean of storms ' . the two sets of maps include image mosaics ( right ) and topographical views ( right ) of the lunar landscape . darker blue show deep craters , while the grey and white areas reveal areas of elevation . early theories claimed this mysterious region , roughly 1,600 miles ( 2,600km ) across , was created by an asteroid impact . last year , however , nasa scientists proposed that the ocean of storms was in fact the result of the formation of ancient rift valleys . the feature is located on the surface of the moon 's near side which is characterised by low elevations and numerous ancient volcanic plains . scientists believe the rifts are buried beneath dark volcanic plains in this area , and so far , they have only been detected in the gravity data provided by the grail probes . the map also shows mare orientale , an impact crater that was partially flooded by basalts . shaped like a target ring bull's-eye , the mare orientale is one of the most striking large scale lunar features . found on the moon 's extreme western edge , it is difficult to see from an earthbound perspective . pictured on the left is the moon 's south pole , and on the right , the north pole . to create the maps , more than 6.5 billion measurements were collected between 2009 and 2013 by the lunar reconnaissance orbiter wide angle camera ( wac ) and the lunar reconnaissance orbiter . nasa 's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on mars by the 2030s . exactly how to get there is up for debate , with the agency favouring a mission to an asteroid in the next decade , followed by a giant leap to the red planet the decade after . but one expert has claimed that nasa is actually planning to go back to the moon first , as a waypoint to reaching its final goal . writing for my san antonio , science reporter eric berger explained how president obama had , in 2010 , outlined nasa 's goals for the forthcoming decades . ' i just have to say pretty bluntly here , we 've been there before , ' the president said in a speech at the kennedy space center in florida at the time . the goal instead was to visit an asteroid in the 2020s , and then send a crew to mars in the 2030s - with no mission to another destination in between . recently , nasa revealed how they plan to do the asteroid mission - by picking up a boulder from a larger asteroid , placing it in lunar orbit , and having astronauts go and visit . but mr berger says that nasa has been ' quietly ' considering going back to the moon before going to mars . he said that nasa is , ' in internal studies , reconsidering the moon , including the lunar surface , for human activities as a significant stepping stone to mars . ' the lava-flooded rift valleys are unlike anything found anywhere else on the moon and may at one time have resembled rift zones on earth , mars and venus . the map also shows mare orientale , an impact crater that was partially flooded by basalts . shaped like a target ring bull's-eye , the mare orientale is one of the most striking large scale lunar features . found on the moon 's extreme western edge , it is difficult to see from an earthbound perspective . it is about 600 miles ( 950km ) across and was formed by the impact of an asteroid sized object which caused ripples in the lunar crust resulting in the concentric circular features . to create the maps , mr hare used more than 6.5 billion measurements collected between 2009 and 2013 by the lunar reconnaissance orbiter wide angle camera ( wac ) and the lunar reconnaissance orbiter ( lro ) . the images have also been released in black-and-white image mosaic based on the same data using wide angle cameras . to see a more detailed view of the map , please click here . to the left of the craters , is oceanus procellarum , which latin for ' ocean of storms ' . early theories claimed this mysterious region , which is roughly 1,600 miles ( 2,600km ) across , was created by an asteroid impact . last year , however , nasa scientists proposed that the ocean of storms was in fact the result of the formation of ancient rift valleys . the south pole can be see on the left , and the north pole on the right . the images have also been released in black-and-white image mosaic based on the same data using wide angle cameras . to create the maps , mr hare used more than 6.5 billion measurements collected between 2009 and 2013 by the lunar reconnaissance orbiter wide angle camera ( wac ) and the lunar reconnaissance orbiter ( lro ) .