according to a woman who is apparently against the preachings of andrew caldwell , the st. louis man got his just desserts . the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality . caldwell hit headlines in november after the footage surfaced of him being ' delivered ' by god . but he says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him . he ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter . ' i filled ( the bowl ) all the way up to the top - i had some kit kats , i had some reese 's on it , ' caldwell told stl today . ' it was all all in my face , on my clothes , in my shoes . ' scroll down for video . unhappy viewer : this is the moment st. louis froyo cashier stephanie diaz ( green shirt ) throws a bowl of yogurt in the face of andrew caldwell , a man who found internet fame for saying god cured his homosexuality . doused in dessert : caldwell claimed diaz attacked him because she disagreed with his ideals about being ' cured ' . however diaz said he demanded a discount and called her a ' dog ' . heated confrontation over frozen yogurt : caldwell was covered in froyo , and said his bowl was extra large . megachurch star : andrew caldwell in a still from a video of him speaking during a church of god in christ convention in st. louis last year , where he infamously said he ' do n't like mens no more ' . caldwell claims the employee recognized him from his video at the church of god in christ 's 107th holy convocation . he said the woman called him a gay slur , said that it was impossible for god to ' turn ' gay people straight , and then picked up the extra large bowl from the scale at the counter and aggressively threw it in caldwell 's face , according to the st. louis post-dispatch . however the employee , stephanie diaz , says caldwell is a liar . in an interview with the same tv station , diaz said caldwell demanded a discount for his yogurt . when she did n't relent , he called her a ' dog ' and a ' b -- -- ' , diaz said . diaz , who is openly gay , said it had nothing to do with the viral video . ' i threw the ice cream at him , ' she said outside of the store thursday . ' he called me a dog . … i lost it . ' ' i lost it ' : stephanie diaz , who is openly gay , admits to throwing the yogurt at caldwell , but said he is lying about his story . scene : the incident occurred wednesday at his froyo store in delmar , st.louis . comfortably straight : andrew caldwell , seen here in a recent photo from his facebook page , happily announced last year that god had cured his homosexuality and that he had been ' delivered ' . cctv footage released of the incident shows caldwell throwing money at diaz . that is when diaz throws the yogurt . the froyo store released the footage to show caldwell was lying . diaz said she had never seen the church video or heard of caldwell . she has been charged with third-degree assault . however diaz has not been fired . froyo have said any punishment that should occur from the incident will be handled internally . stylish : caldwell is pictured here dressed in head-to-toe designer clothing on his facebook page . caldwell says he is considering suing diaz and froyo . in he video of caldwell being ' delivered ' that went viral , he announces into the microphone : 'i’m not gay no more ! i am delivered ! i don’t like mens no more ! i said i like women ! women , women , women ! i said women ! i’m not gay ! i will not date a man ! i will not carry a purse ! i will not put on makeup ! i will love a woman . ' the megachurch audience can be heard screaming and cheering in the background , congratulating caldwell on no longer being gay . the pastor then hands him $ 100 , saying the lord told him to . after the video spread , caldwell - who was extravagantly dressed in a paisley suit , purple shirt and mustard bow tie - did a series of interviews , where he said he meant what he said , but was unhappy the video became so popular . he said he did not want to get in front of the church to begin with , but believes his homosexuality no longer exists .    