alan pardew has warned crystal palace 's barclays premier league admirers that if they want to sign yannick bolasie this summer then the bidding will have to start at £20million . it has been suggested that a £10m bid could tempt palace into selling the winger , who has excelled since pardew arrived in january and launched the club up the table . but the palace manager is adamant that the club 's leading assets do not want to leave – and any players that do go will not be sold cheaply . that applies particularly to bolasie , who scored a hat-trick in the demolition of sunderland last week . yannick bolasie ( centre ) of crystal palace celebrates scoring against sunderland at the stadium of light . alan pardew says bolasie bidding will have to start at £20m for his star to leave selhurst park . responding to a question about joel ward 's contract extension , pardew said : ' it was good news for us this week ( with ward ) . we wanted to send a statement that our players will be very , very difficult to take away . ' one , because they enjoy their football and two because we are going forward . brede hangeland said to me when he was at fulham that he sensed that no one wanted to leave . ( there was a report of a ) £10m price on bolasie . blimey . ' it needs to be more than double that to get near him . we are in a great financial position . i am not getting carried away with where we are but we are doing very well in the premier league . ' that form includes four straight wins ahead of tony pulis 's return to selhurst park on saturday . pardew believes pulis should get a good reception at the club which he transformed last season before leaving days before this campaign started . bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace 's demolition of sunderland last week away from home . pardew is demanding more than £20m for bolasie to be taken away from crystal palace during the summer . but pardew also indicated that his own job in lifting palace this season had spared pulis a potentially rocky return . he said : ' tony achieved fantastic results here last season . for sure i would n't be here and a lot of these players would n't be here if he had n't done that , so we are thankful to him . ' he should also be thankful that we are in the position we are in , and that the players and myself have got the team where it is , because the reception could have been very different if we were in the relegations zone and leaving so shortly before the season started . i think that is good for him and he deserves that . hopefully tomorrow he gets the reception that he warrants . ' pardew has targeted a top-10 finish , saying : ' top 10 is a realistic aim and then we want to build on that . the chairman has done a fantastic job . i will be banging his door down in the summer for some big signings . ' bolasie scores against sunderland as he helped crystal palace beat the struggling premier league side .