a period of striving came to an end for liverpool and brendan rodgers at the emirates on saturday . hope expired . the manager 's 15-minute press conference , where he conceded that his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over , was a requiem for lost opportunities . rodgers did his best to stay upbeat . the liverpool manager does not do disconsolate . but he did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season . after their heroic tilt at the title last year , liverpool have slipped out of contention . it is a bitter pill to swallow for a club that had scented a return to glory . it still feels as if liverpool are moving forward under rodgers . it still feels as if he has the confidence , the ability and the strategy to take them back to the top . but there is no disguising the fact that this is an uncomfortable , uncertain time for the manager and his players . brendan rodgers admitted liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four after losing to arsenal 4-1 on saturday . right back hector bellerin gave arsenal the lead as the gunners went on to win 4-1 at the emirates . just four minutes later , mesut ozil had doubled the lead for the home side with this brilliant free kick . alexis sanchez got in on the goalscoring act just before half-time to give arsenal an unassailable lead . when they went on a run in which they lost only once in 17 league games from mid-november through to mid-march , it seemed like last season 's magic was coming back . but when that 2-1 home defeat by manchester united was followed by a crushing 4-1 loss to arsenal , the perspective changed . suddenly , the troubles are crowding in on rodgers . he spent much of his press conference answering questions about raheem sterling 's refusal to sign the new contract he has been offered . it also became clear there was a new controversy involving mario balotelli . when asked why balotelli was not in the squad , rodgers found it hard to disguise his frustration . ' he took a slight knock to his knee and he deemed it not able to travel with the team , ' rodgers said . ' he felt it was too sore to travel . the medical staff have looked at it but it was just something that he , himself , did not feel comfortable enough to travel with . ' the problems with balotelli , his failure to settle into rodgers 's system , are symbols of the difficulties the club has faced in a season dominated by trying to adapt to life after luis suarez and by the long , melancholy farewell to steven gerrard , and it has not been easy . liverpool missed the suspended gerrard . they missed martin skrtel even more . at times , their defending was shambolic . rodgers spent most of his press conference fielding questions about contract rebel raheem sterling . mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal after picking up a slight knock . rodgers revealed that balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to london . daniel sturridge is still feeling his way back from injury and he has not yet rediscovered his confidence . his injury problems added to the sense of loss brought by the transfer of suarez to barcelona . then there is the fact that several of their close-season buys , notably dejan lovren , balotelli and adam lallana , have not come close to fulfilling expectations . emre can has been a success , jordan henderson has had a fine season and philippe coutinho has emerged as an outstanding midfielder but nevertheless , failure to make the top four will bring about new problems . rodgers admitted that the lack of champions league football would make it harder for the club to hang on to their best players . wednesday 's fa cup quarter-final replay against blackburn had now become ' very , very important , ' rodgers admitted . ' the summer was very difficult with losing luis , ' rodgers said . ' daniel [ sturridge ] was injured from the beginning of the season and the whole integration of new players was an issue . it was like starting again . it was like my first six months . daniel sturridge , a second-half substitute at the emirates , has spent most of the season out injured . it was difficult viewing for liverpool manager rodgers as his side imploded in the first half against arsenal . long-serving captain steven gerrard will leave the cub at the end of the season and join la galaxy . ' up to the defeat against manchester united we were the form team and playing very , very well . we have been dealt two big blows in these last two games . i very much doubt we will be in the top four now . there is too much ground to make up . that is the realistic view from me . ' now we must really focus on the fa cup and that is going to be very , very important for us . there has been a lot of learning that has taken place this year . young players have improved as the season has gone on and hopefully now we can finish strongly . we need to go into next year and make a really bright start in the opening eight games . ' change is coming . gerrard , a club icon for nearly 20 years , will be playing in los angeles by the time the new season begins . his departure will draw a line under an era at anfield . saturday 's defeat means that liverpool 's new age will dawn with a team that , once again , has much to prove .