a new jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door . ' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer , ' if you want to become president of the united states . ' meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ' shut up ' and ' idiot . ' cool it : new jersey schoolteacher cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday . ' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said meyer ( left ) , ' if you want to become president of the united states ' . christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled . ' there are always going to be differences of opinion in style , ' he said before explaining , to applause , that he does n't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be . ' sometimes i just want to do it , ' when people have pushed his buttons , he said . whereas , other times , ' you just have a bad day . ' christie 's response seemed to please many in the audience , who clapped each chance they got to affirm christie 's no-nonsense attitude . however , according to nbc new york , one member of the audience was sure to see things a little differently . watching the matawan town hall meeting was jim keady , who christie famously told to ' sit down and shut up ' for heckling him over the disbursement of superstorm sandy funds . christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled . ' there are always going to be differences of opinion in style ' he said before explaining , to applause , that he does n't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be . ' of course you have the urge . you 're a human being . ... but it 's called self-control , it 's called respect for your office , ' said keady , who is now running for state assembly . whether its his nice side or temperamental side , what seems certain is that we 'll all be seeing a lot of chris christie in the coming weeks and months . the potential republican presidential contender will be kicking off what his team has dubbed a ' tell it like it is ' town hall tour in londonderry , new hampshire on april 15 . a spokeswoman for his political action committee says a second town hall will he held on april 17 . he’ll also hold events in manchester and newmarket and speak at a new hampshire gop-organized summit in nashua . the trip will be christie’s first extended swing through the early voting state that is seen a place where his blunt style could play well with voters . christie’s office says he’s held over 130 town hall events during his tenure as governor . whether its his nice side or temperamental side , what seems certain is that we 'll all be seeing a lot of chris christie in the coming weeks and months.the potential republican presidential contender will be kicking off what his team has dubbed a ' tell it like it is ' town hall tour in londonderry , new hampshire on april 15 .     