a businessman in suburban detroit is under fire from unhappy neighbours after hanging a confederate flag and nooses at his two properties in the area . robert tomanovich , who owns robert 's discount tree service in livonia , michigan , first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his home . when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street . robert tomanovich is under fire from unhappy neighbours in livonia , a suburb of detroit , after he hung a confederate flag and nooses at his two properties in the area . tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his michigan home . tomanovich , 55 , has denied his actions are racist , although an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals . ' one hundred fifty years after abraham lincoln 's death , we are still going through these kind of atrocities . a hangman 's noose and a confederate flag ? ' neighbor mary greer toldwxyz . another local complained that at least one of the nooses was hung from a tree small enough for a young child to climb . when the local tv network attempted to speak to tomanovich on friday he refused , although his wife lindy tried to explain the noose as a tribute to a dead friend . ' robert has a friend that died in that way ( hanging himself ) , and that 's in memory of his friend , ' she told wxyz . ' there 's no crime in hanging a noose . ' an unnamed employee was qick to take credit for the noose at tomanovich 's business . ' screw 'em ... we 're gon na put more up , ' he said . tomanovich , 55 , has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the confederate flag , but has since taken it down . wife lindy told local media that the noose was a tribute to a friend of her husband who had hung himself . on monday , tomanovich spoke to the daily news and said accusations of racism were ' stupid . ' ' i know black guys , i have black friends . we 're all laughing at this stupidity . do you know how many white guys were hung back in the day ? this is n't racist . but all of a sudden it 's out of control . ' he said he had put up the confederate flag because ' i like the colors ' . tomanovich also said he has since taken down the nooses and flags , but refused to apologize . ' i do n't need to defend this to nobody . my business is doing very well , ' he said . ' i only want this story to get bigger . i want people to know i 'm not a racist . ' a second noose was hung on a tree outside robert 's discount tree service in livonia , michigan , after neighbours complained about the first one . an unnamed employee took credit for the noose at tomanovich 's business said , ' screw 'em ... we 're gon na put more up ' .