a man who claims he kicked a young mother out of his car when she got too drunk on their date has been arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished . ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3 . her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon . but when she spoke with him , it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man , edward primo bonilla . scroll down for video . missing : ashley pegram , left , has been missing since she went on a date with edward primo bonilla , right , on april 3 after they met online . he has now been charged with obstructing justice . bonilla told her he had kicked her sister out of the car around midnight . on the messaging service , he had sent pegram 's account a message apologizing for leaving her but making sure she had got home ok , wcsc reported . but surveillance video taken outside a sunoco gas station on the night of pegram 's disappearance shows her getting out of bonilla 's car , entering the convenience store and returning to the vehicle at 1am . the car then drives away with both people inside , although it is not clear if the person seen in the surveillance footage in bonilla , wcsc reported . wvtm reported that the blue hyundai sonata belonged to bonilla . he told authorities he believed he had dropped her near the piggly wiggly supermarket in berkeley county . caught on camera : she was seen inside a gas station convenience store in the early hours of april 4 . spotted : she then headed back to a car , identified as bonilla 's . he said he later forced her out of the car . deputies interviewed bonilla and during a follow-up , he allegedly gave false and misleading information , but they would not provide further details . ' at this point , foul play is a definite possibility , ' dorchester county sheriff 's captain tony phinney said . bonilla has been charged with obstruction of justice and he was given a $ 400,000 surety bond during a court appearance on thursday . pegram 's sister , brandy chance , said the missing woman 's children , aged 13 , eight and nine months , are devastated . ' her little baby 's having nightmares , ' she told abc news 4 . ' the oldest one is having depression . and i ca n't do anything , i 'm not really good for comforting now , you know . ' have you seen her ? pegram is a mother to three children who are devastated by her absence , family said . chance added that her sister would often go on dates with men she met online , and even though she told pegram it was dangerous , ' she just did n't listen ' . pegram had been mourning the death of her boyfriend , who passed away in a traffic accident in january , but her family does not believe she would hurt herself . ' she loves us too much , ' chance said . the 28-year-old is 5ft1 with brown har and brown eyes . she was wearing a black shirt , blue jeans and black flip flops with sparkles . if you have any information you are asked to called the dorchester county sheriff 's office at 843-832-0300 . see below for video .