thomas bjorn was faced with a bit of a dilemma on the par-five second . after driving into the trees with his first shot , he played back on to the fairway to leave a 145-yard shot into the green . but his aim on his third was clearly a little off . thomas bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters . hooking his shot left of the target , bjorn’s ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan . luckily for bjorn , and indeed the fan , he was able to take a free drop and resume the hole . clearly unperturbed by the incident , he managed to get up and down for par . henley is right on song . american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters . the 25-year-old is a keen guitarist and can be regularly heard practising on the tour . pouty poulter . after carding an erratic opening round of 73 , including six birdies , three bogeys and two double bogeys , ian poulter was not happy with himself . he tweeted : ‘p****d off with his performance from around the greens . ’ bubba bites back . he might be the most disliked man on the tour , at least according to one anonymous poll , but bubba watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt . 2014 masters champion bubba watson remains in the hunt to win the masters after a respectable 71 . compton’s debut makes him feel just like a kid . erik compton was in dreamland as he shot 73 on his debut . as a child he drew a picture of himself playing at augusta but after two heart transplants , the 35-year-old american feared he might not make it . now the dream has come true . erik compton drew a picture of himself playing at augusta during his younger years . shot of the day . tom watson knows augusta better than most , but the two-time masters champion was in trouble at the 10th . after his second found a greenside bunker the 65-year-old hit a fine chip , which took one bounce before landing in the hole . tom watson hit a chip after he found a greenside bunker , which took one bounce before landing in the hole . 