a recent meeting between a freshman republican congressman from california and his constituents took an unexpected turn when rep steve knight was caught on camera threatening an anti-immigration protester with violence . knight , 48 , a former los angeles police officer who was elected to represent the 25th congressional district last year , was hosting an open house event at his simi valley office last friday when he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants . the heated exchange between knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and later uploaded onto youtube by a right-wing group called we the people rising . ambush : rep steve knight ( left ) was accosted by activists rallying against amnesty for illegal immigrants outside his simi valley , california , office during an open house last friday . crossing a line : a man named ' mike ' ( right ) accused knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake . tempers flare : knight , a former lapd officer , went after mike , telling him , ' if you touch me again , i 'll drop your a** ' defense : knight went on to explain to the activists that he never voted in support of ‘amnesty’ for immigrants . in the 2-minute clip , knight is approached by a man who introduces himself as ' mike ' and proceeds to shake the lawmaker 's hand at lenght . during the awkward encounter , mike informs knight : ' you told me you did n't vote for amnesty and you did . i looked it up on the internet . you lied to me . ' voting record : knight was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the department of homeland security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking obama 's immigration reform . the protester then gives knight a pat on the back and tries to walk away , but the lawmaker calls after him , grasps his upper arm and says : ' if you touch me again , i 'll drop your a** . ' following the foul-mouthed remark , the former cop-turned-lawmaker goes on to explain to the activists that he never voted in support of ‘amnesty’ for immigrants , saying there were several versions of the same bill , known as hb 240 , and he voted for the one that did not have the provisions supporting president obama’s immigration reform . the bill that sparked the verbal spat outside knight’s office was the subject of a protracted legislative tug-of-war between democrats and republicans in congress two months ago . right-wing lawmakers originally had inserted amendments into a bill providing nearly $ 40million in funding for the department of homeland security to block president obama 's immigration reforms . after senate democrats successfully blocked the bill , 75 house republicans , including knight , gave in to prevent a shutdown and passed a ‘clean’ bill stripped off all provisions seeking to obstruct obama’s executive orders on immigration , and thus lifting the threat of deportation against millions of undocumented immigrants . in the videotaped conversation with the protesters friday , knight insisted he never voted to support obama 's immigration reform . knight , a us army veteran , was elected to the us house of representatives last november . house speaker john boehner of ohio administers a ceremonial re-enactment of the house oath-of-office to rep. steve knight r-calif. , accompanied by his his wife lily knight and family , january 6 , 2015 , on capitol hill . ‘ i never voted for amnesty . never , ever , ’ he said . knight , a us army veteran and married father of two , spent 18 years on the lapd force before being elected to the california state assembly in 2008 . two years later , he became a state senator and in 2014 was elected to the us house of representatives . following the release of the video , knight put out a statement tuesday apologizing for his conduct . ‘ i have dealt with this group on several occasions and every time they try to escalate our conversations to a level that is not constructive , ’ knight said . ‘ over this past weekend , i lost my cool and i regret responding the way i did . ’ the group that staged friday’s protest , save our state , has been accused of having ties to white supremacists , reported politico . in 2010 , save our state organized a demonstration in california during which a local city councilman sparked an outrage by referring to himself as a ‘ proud racist . ’ mea culpa : following the release of the video , knight ( pictured with his wife and two sons ) put out a statement tuesday apologizing for his conduct . 