juventus continued their march towards a fourth straight serie a title with a 2-0 win over empoli on saturday . carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top with nine games to go . a fourth straight serie a title is juventus ' for the taking after they beat empoli 2-0 on saturday night to establish a 14-point advantage at the top of the table with nine games of the season remaining . carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval as juventus beat empoli at home . carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the bianconeri responded to wins from roma and lazio to restore a seemingly unassailable lead at the top of the standings . they also had goalkeeper gianluigi buffon to thank for making several fine interventions in the second half when juve dropped their intensity , saving their batteries for a trip to fiorentina in the coppa italia in midweek and the champions league quarter-final clash with monaco a week after . roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top . roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over napoli which puts nine points between the two sides in the standings . miralem pjanic 's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn rudi garcia 's men all three points , although they had to survive a storm at the stadio olimpico as napoli pushed in vain for an equaliser . lazio kept the heat roma , though , by clinching a seventh consecutive league win , 3-1 at 10-man cagliari . miralem pjanic 's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn rudi garcia 's men all three points against napoli . miroslav klose celebrates putting lazio ahead in their match against cagliari . miroslav klose put the roman outfit ahead in the 31st minute only for marco sau to pull cagliari level four minutes into the second half . lucas biglia put the visitors back in front on the hour from the penalty spot after lorenzo crisetig brought substitute keita down in the area . inter milan left the san siro to a deafening chorus of boos from the home fans after they were held to a 1-1 draw by rock-bottom parma on saturday . fredy guarin gave inter the lead in the 25th minute , but andi lila levelled just before half-time . fredy guarin gave inter the lead in the 25th minute as inter milan earned a point at home to rock-bottom parma . substitute davide succi equalised nine minutes from time as cesena hit back from 3-0 down to draw 3-3 at hellas verona . the hosts appeared to be cruising to victory after two goals from luca toni and a third from juanito gomez but relegation-threatened cesena hit back with three strikes in the last 20 minutes . substitute carlos carbonero scored the visitors ' first and franco brienza 's fantastic free-kick made it 3-2 with 13 minutes left . succi then pulled his team level as cesena stunned the crowd in the marc ' antonio bentegodi stadium . cesena 's forward davide succi celebrates after scoring against hellas verona at the bentegodi stadium . ac milan picked up their first win away from home since mid-october , beating palermo 2-1 at the stadio renzo barbera . alessio cerci gave filippo inzaghi 's men the lead after 37 minutes , but a paulo dybala penalty brought the hosts level in the 72nd minute . jeremy menez restored milan 's lead 10 minutes later , earning them all three points and keeping their hopes alive of qualifying for europe next season . fiorentina 's alessandro diamanti celebrates after scoring against sampdoria in their serie a match . mohamed salah scored as fiorentina secured a 2-0 victory against sampdoria on saturday evening . alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah 's quick-fire goals gave fiorentina a 2-0 win over sampdoria , while fabio quagliarella and kamil glik gave torino a 2-1 win over atalanta , with mauricio pinilla pulling one back for the strugglers . torino and atalanta both ended the game with 10 men after pinilla and migjen basha were shown red cards for fighting . cyril thereau earned a 1-1 draw for udinese after sebastian de maio put hosts genoa in front , while sassulo held on for a 1-0 win over chievo after domenico berardi scored from the spot in the first half . cyril thereau earned a 1-1 draw for udinese with his goal at the luigi ferraris stadium in genoa .