charles kane ( above ) was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . a married band teacher with two young daughters was arrested as he tried to meet an underage girl for sex . charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater . he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer . cbs 8 reports that authorities first took notice of kane , 46 , when he posted an ad last october that said 'daddy/daughter . love younger women . ' an undercover officer began communicating with him , pretending to be the father of a young girl , corresponding for months . then , on january 26 , an officer noticed another sexually explicit ad which they again traced back to kane , and this time a cop posed as a 14-year-old girl . according to the criminal complaint , kane sent numerous photos of himself while also requesting photos of the girl over the past few months . scroll down for video . kane , 46 , is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters ( above ) . the hilton middle school music teacher said in one message ; ' i could get a room and i could sneak you there . ' he also stressed he could get in ' big trouble ' if anyone found out about what was happening , and said at one point ; ' this is between you and me . ' he had been communicating with the officer for months before he planned the meeting at a local movie theater where he was arrested ( above ) with a full box of condoms on him . the hilton school district said in a statement ; ' the hilton central school district was informed by law enforcement about the arrest of a district employee . we are cooperating fully with the investigation . the district has suspended the employee in question and banned him from campus as per disciplinary policy . ' it is important to note that none of the charges allege criminal activity by this individual involving any hilton central school district students . the district is activating its district crisis team and will have resources available to our students when they return on monday . student safety is our top priority and will be foremost in our minds throughout this investigation . ' kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .