at half-time , everything pointed to another humiliating english defeat in dublin . such was the control leinster had been able to exert on bath in an utterly one-sided first half punctuated only by a single piece of individual brilliance by fly-half george ford , it was impossible to see a way back into the contest for the west countrymen . outmuscled at the breakdown , bullied in the scrum and laboured in the line-out , bath were in danger of going down every bit as tamely as england had a month ago . bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney on his way to fine individual score at the aviva stadium . the england no 10 's solo-try was the only score that the west country outfit managed to register in the first-half . by the end , remarkably , the three-time champions leinster were hanging on for dear life as wave after wave of bath attack threatened to deliver one of the great european comebacks . they fell short , but there was pride to be taken in this . driven on by their pocket general ford , bath somehow came within a whisker of finding a way into the last four . had it not been for a penalty conceded by replacement matt garvey with seconds on the clock , they may well have won . ‘there’s a lot of disappointment , ’ said bath head coach mike ford . ‘ certainly in the second half we are a lot better than the first . we’re so disappointed because we are a lot better than we showed today , especially in the first half . ford is congratulated by bath substitutes sam burgess ( left ) and max lahiff following his touchdown . kearney is taken out in the air by anthony watson leading to the full-back being dispatched to the sin-bin for 10 minutes . ‘ but it doesn’t dent our belief in what we’re doing . it reinforces it . we lost the game in the first half but i believe that will make us stronger . i’m proud of the boys , but we’ll be even more gutted when we watch the video . it comes down to small margins and i thought the penalty at the end was a dead-set penalty to us . ’ he would say that , of course . but his sentiment was correct and ford insisted his team will retain their determination to attack for the remainder of the aviva premiership season . fly-half ford was exceptional . rarely making a false move , dragging his side along with some intelligent kicking , brave distribution and a sharp eye for the gap . his first-half try was a masterpiece of fly-half play as he took the ball flat to line , flashed a dummy and scooted through a non-existent gap before rounding full-back rob kearney to score . bath lock stuart hooper crashes over for his side 's second try following another dazzling break from ford . but despite his 21st-minute moment of brilliance , it looked for all the world as if leinster would repeat ireland’s six nations strangulation of england as bath’s discipline failed under the pressure of leinster’s superior set-piece and domination at the breakdown . that impression was compounded when bath full-back anthony watson , one of four visiting players who only a month ago suffered six nations heartache on the same aviva stadium pitch , spent 10 minutes in the sin-bin for a reckless aerial challenge on kearney . referee jerome garces showed watson a yellow card , despite the shameful pleas by three leinster players for him to be shown red , and leinster centre ian madigan kicked two more penalties in his absence to send his side in 15-5 up at half-time and seemingly in complete control . ian madigan was in imperious kicking form as the leinster centre fired over six penalties . but bath showed their mettle with a wonderful second-half revival . despite their disappointment at failing to progress , bath should take enormous confidence in knowing that with more precision they could , should even , have won this game . their determination to put width on the ball and play at high tempo must be applauded , even if it hasn’t yet brought the silverware the huge investment in their squad will demand sooner rather than later . leinster scrum half isaac boss fires out a pass during a frantic opening quarter in dublin . the 22-year-old ford was at the heart of everything they did while watson proved razor-sharp every time he received the ball . with 47 minutes gone , and leinster winger fergus mcfadden off the field with a concussion sustained in a tackle from kyle eastmond , ford produced his second moment of magic . this time he stepped on the inside of devin toner , before turning on the after-burners and feeding inside to his second-row captain stuart hooper to crash over . suddenly , bath believed . another madigan penalty — his sixth of the afternoon — made it 18-12 to leinster but bath had the bit between their teeth . watson fells the full force of ben teo'o 's tackle as kyle eastmond ( left ) moves in to support his team-mate . bath flanker carl fearns eyes up madigan in defence as jimmy gopperth ( right ) looks to make the hit . watson made a scintillating break from deep within his half before feeding the ball to ford who in turn flipped a pass to horacio agulla . agonisingly , with the line beckoning , the winger dropped the ball and the chance was lost . it proved a critical moment in an absorbing game . ford kicked another penalty to drag the score back to 18-15 with six minutes left but the visitors were unable to land the killer blow as garvey was harshly penalised by garces with seconds on the clock . ultimately the first half had cost ford’s men a crack at toulon or wasps in the semi-final . ‘ it was a pretty stressful last 15 minutes , ’ leinster director of rugby matt o’connor said . ‘ i was pretty relaxed before that but they came back really strong . watson is dangerous from broken field and he cut us up a couple of times . they had threats all over the field . i was pretty relieved by the end . ’ leinster flanker jordi murphy rises high to claim a lineout as the bath pack get ready to defend another attack . bath 's players stand dejected on the aviva stadium pitch at the final whistle following their 18-15 defeat .