climbing trees and spending hours playing outside used to be part of every childhood . but today’s youngsters are more likely to be stuck indoors – and it may be harming their eyesight . and it is not just because of the time spent sitting in front of a screen . for a lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young . spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically . scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness , but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities ( file image ) . in china , where four teenagers in five are short-sighted , transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light . chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia – short-sightedness – in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine . studies in australia and by ohio state university in the us produced similar results . leading eye surgeon david allamby warned that an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors . two in five adults in this country are short-sighted , but mr allamby said those rates are likely to increase . ‘ for 100 years we have researched into the effects of reading and prolonged study on making short-sightedness worse , ’ he said . ‘ it has become a common belief that spending too much time inside a book , or today on a screen , will make anyone’s eyesight worse . ‘ recent research might have turned this on its head . that’s why today some chinese schoolchildren are going to school inside a big glass box . there are several studies showing that lack of daylight might be the principal reason why children become more short-sighted , rather than prolonged reading . study shows that 40 minutes of extra natural light per day , by playing outside or climbing trees , could help to reduce cases by 26 per cent ( file image ) . ' what wasn’t factored into our decades of research was that reading and studying are done indoors , away from daylight . ‘ the link between studying and myopia might really be a red herring , where the close vision activity is just a proxy for lack of daylight . ’ donald mutti , who led the ohio study , told the journal nature : ‘ we thought it was an odd finding but it just kept coming up as we did the analyses . ’ mr allamby , who runs focus clinics in london , said : ‘ the incidence of short sight in the west is rising , now affecting around 40 per cent of the population . ‘ if we look at hunter-gatherer societies that live mainly outdoors , such as those studied in gabon , we find that only 0.5 per cent of adults are afflicted by short sight . ‘ chinese children are participating in research to determine if more exposure to daylight will protect them from their myopic genes . ‘ if [ it ] is shown to help it might mean we all got outdoors more often . it could be time to invest in conservatory companies . ’ 