mark lawson , 44 , ( pictured ) was spared jail today after stabbing a colleague with a steak knife in a bizarre argument about onion rings . a pub diner who stabbed a work colleague in the leg with a steak knife in a row over his onion rings was spared jail today . builder mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury , berkshire for his christmas party when he agreed that his co-worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate . however , when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was angered , shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh . simon blackford , for the prosecution , told reading crown court that lawson had been drinking with his colleagues at the festive party when he ordered a burger , chips and onion rings . he said : ' the defendant ordered a burger and chips and onion rings and some of his colleagues , including mr myers , took an onion ring and that gave rise to a somewhat explosive reaction . ' the defendant said `` do n't you come between me and my onion rings '' and there was clearly some talk about that . ' however , one of two colleagues , including mr myers then joked about taking more of his onion rings . at that point , lawson ' reacted in a very loud way ' to what was happening and stabbed mr myers with the steak knife he was clutching . the knife tore into mr myers 's leg , causing a bloody wound nearly two inches deep , in front of the pub full of horrified onlookers on december 19 last year . speaking for the defence , john simmons said that lawson had been battling a drinking problem and even visited alcohol anonymous for a short while to steer clear of the booze . mr simmons said lawson , who lives in thatcham in berkshire , had been clean for six months and his decision to drink was a 'one-off ' that he deeply regretted . ' this is an incident that started out as a joke but did n't end up that way ' , he added . ' before this christmas party he was almost minded not to attend and now of course regrets the fact he did . ' he has n't drunk from that day to this . ' lawson ' reacted in a very loud way ' when colleagues , including mr myers , stole his onion rings from his plate . lawson took offence to his work colleagues attempting to steal his onion rings . the court heard lawson was an exemplary employee who worked six days a week at a construction site at newbury racecourse . ' he comes across as an extremely affable , very likeable man , ' said mr simmons . ' he is clearly a very hard working man and can not believe how much trouble he has got himself into . he realises he is someone who just can not drink . ' appealing for a suspended jail sentence , mr simmons told the court lawson had apologised to mr myers and the two had been very mature about the unsavoury episode . recorder patrick hamlin accused lawson of putting his steady job and working life in jeopardy by drinking too much and carrying out the ' bizarre ' attack . ' you were in trouble with the police and the courts quite a lot when you were younger but for the last 20 years you have stayed well clear of trouble , ' he said . ' you have kept a steady job , you are working long hours usually six days a week . you put that all in jeopardy when at a christmas function last year you drank too much . ' you lost your temper with a fellow employee over a bizarre issue - the stealing or a joke about stealing the onion rings from your plate . you were incensed by that conduct and you stabbed your fellow employee in the leg . ' at a christmas party last year at the diamond tap wetherspoons in newbury , berkshire ( pictured ) , lawson stabbed his colleague mr myers with a steak knife following a row over his onion rings . however recorder hamlin spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year as well as a 12-month curfew . ' i am not regarding this as a case , that happens unhappily so often , when someone goes out armed and for a fight , ' he added . ' this is a case where you had a knife in your hand simply to eat your meal . it is an unusual case . you acted out of character . ' he also ordered lawson to pay £250 in compensation to mr myers and £350 towards prosecution costs . lawson had admitted one count of unlawful wounding , but denied wounding with intent . recorder patrick hamlin told reading crown court ( pictured ) that lawson put his job in jeopardy when he ' drank too much ' at a christmas function in december last year .