face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine to cleanse skin and shift make-up . but a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads — promises not only to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also to retexturise and brighten skin and , in some cases , even do away with fine lines and age spots . scroll down for video . face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years now but there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only to remove eyeliner and mascara , but also retexturise and brighten skin ( stock image ) . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice , these new pads are beauty game-changers , offering all the benefits of a professional facial in a simple at-home swipe . with the expertise of top harley street dermatologist dr nick lowe , lauren libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test . . . skin-brightener . origins modern friction instant brightening pads , £31 for 40 , boots.com . they claim : a quick sweep of these fruit acid-infused pads is like a professional 30 per cent glycolic peel , and you’ll see results in under a minute . use twice-weekly . the test : these have a strong , antiseptic-type smell and are a bit abrasive , leaving tingling that lasts a minute or so . skin feels squeaky-clean and looks instantly shiny and smoother . expert verdict : ‘ definitely not for sensitive skin and should only be used twice-weekly , as advised . the fruit acid strips off dead cells and works to make skin brighter and smoother . ‘ but the harsh ingredients do open the skin to moisture loss , so follow with a moisturiser with a high spf to protect skin . ’ gently glowing . first aid beauty facial radiance pads , £22 for 60 , feelunique.com . they claim : cucumber and indian gooseberry tone the skin , while lemon and liquorice root leave it glowing . the pads reduce visible pores , improve clarity and diminish appearance of fine lines . use once or twice daily . the test : these circular pads are moist and gentle . they leave skin feeling damp and soft , with an instant , youthful glow . expert verdict : ‘ a good starter pad . skin-soothing cucumber counteracts the harsh glycolic and lactic acids . liquorice is a known skin-brightener and fruit berries are good antioxidants . ‘ start slowly with these — once a week — to avoid irritation , and build up to daily use . ’ sensitive skin . simple kind to skin radiance wipes , £3.29 for 25 , amazon.co.uk . they claim : ideal for sensitive skin , these help cleanse , exfoliate and remove impurities . added moisturiser hydrates skin . the test : these look like old-school wipes : big , rectangular , damp tissues that remove make-up easily and effectively . my skin feels soft and plump afterwards , but i’m not left with a radiant glow . expert verdict : ‘ ideal for most skin types , with a combination of clever skin-soothing and moisturising ingredients . mango extract and bisabolol ( an extract of chamomile ) soothe , while glycerin is an ultra-efficient moisturiser . ‘ a step up from regular wipes and good for twice-a-day use . ’ one-minute facial . nip+fab glycolic fix exfoliating facial pads , £12.95 for 60 , superdrug.com . they claim : pads are soaked in glycolic acid , which retextures and resurfaces skin , while witch hazel helps to tone . moisturiser with hyaluronic acid and soothing blue daisy leads to brighter , smoother skin . the test : these have a strong perfume smell and a quick swipe leaves the skin tingling . my face instantly feels brighter , smoother and refreshed — like a facial , only a hell of a lot quicker . expert verdict : ‘ the glycolic acid lifts dead cells , leaving skin refreshed and renewed , while hyaluronic acid traps moisture . the retexturising and resurfacing are likely more subtle than claimed , but this works well as a weekly brightening boost . ’ instant peel . cane & austin retexturising treatment pads , £18 for 25 , beautybay.com . they claim : a one-step , at-home glycolic treatment that gently exfoliates , while helping to rebuild collagen . reveals a clearer , more radiant complexion . for sensitive skin only . the test : each small , square pad comes folded in its own neat little wrapper . cool and wet , it cuts through dirt and impurities and leaves a slight stinging sensation , like after a facial . skin is left instantly youthful and has more of a glow . expert verdict : ‘ a very logical approach to skincare . after the high-grade glycolic acid strips away dead , dull skin cells , the vitamin a — a retinoid — helps to stimulate new cell growth . ‘ this is a highly efficient wipe , but should only be used at night , as vitamin a is damaged by visible light . best to use once or twice a week at first , then build up to nightly use . ’ deep cleanse . nivea 3-in-1 daily exfoliating wipes , £3 for 20 , tesco.com . they claim : the textured side exfoliates dirt and impurities , while the soft side cleanses and removes make-up . the magnolia extract refines and improves the skin . the test : the wipe feels abrasive as you sweep it across , but the collection of dirt is impressive ! my face feels clean afterwards , but a bit dry and dull . expert verdict : ‘ more of a mechanical exfoliant . the act of dragging it across the skin will remove dull cells and stimulate growth of newer , efficient ones . ‘ but don’t overdo it , or you will remove too much of the skin’s protective layer . once or twice a week is enough . ’