a florida police department is in mourning after an officer was accidentally shot by a coworker during firearms training . officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 . few details have been released , with police saying it is still under investigation , however the incident occurred about 3.30pm at a gun range at the lowell correctional institution . ' he was wearing his bulletproof vest , but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , ' ocala police chief greg graham told news 13 . killed : officer jared forsyth with the ocala police department was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise monday , but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest , police said . officer forsyth , 33 , was rushed to ocala regional medical center in critical condition and immediately taken into surgery , but he later died from his injuries . scene : the accidental shooting occurred at a gun range at the lowell correctional institution on monday . chief graham added : ' he was shot in the side , so his vest would n't have helped him . ' forsyth was rushed was to ocala regional medical center in critical condition and was taken into surgery . however he died several hours later , according to my fox orlando . ' jared was a great guy . he was funny . he had a true servant’s heart , ' graham said . ' i wish i had a 100 like him . every time i saw him and talked to him , he put a smile on my face . ' the name of the other officer has not been released . ' jared was a great guy . he was funny . he had a true servant’s heart , ' chief graham said of forsyth ( second from left ) , pictured here with some colleagues . investigation : because the florida department of law enforcement is investigating the incident , few details of the shooting have been released . news 13 reported that the florida department of law enforcement has been called in to investigate the shooting . the probe is standard practice in a shooting involving an officer . forsyth is survived by his mother and stepfather .      