conman : neil moore was on remand at wandsworth prison when he sent fake email posing as court clerk . a ' hedonistic ' conman who escaped from prison after sending staff a fake email saying he had been granted bail has been jailed for seven years . neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison in south-west london for a £1.8million fraud when he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ' southwalk crown court ' . it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year , an escape motivated by moore 's fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates after striking up a relationship with a transgender individual at hmp wandsworth . moore 's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone , london 's southwark crown court heard . the judge , recorder david hunt qc , described the escape as ' sophisticated and ingenious ' . he said : ' the way you contrived your escape was potentially more of a threat to the integrity of the prison system , and therefore to the public , than the mere use of brute force . ' and in my judgment there is an obvious need to deter others from trying to procure their escape through the same or similar means . ' while behind bars moore set up a website , using the address and telephone number of the royal courts of justice on the strand , using an ' illicit ' mobile phone that was used widely in the prison . he created a domain name similar to the court service 's hmcts.gsi.gov.uk , emailing the custody mailbox from an account ending hmcts-gsi-gov-uk . investigations , with the help of homeland security in the us , revealed moore set up the website using the name of the officer who was investigating him , detective inspector chris soole . moore grew up in trinidad and tobago , where he had a difficult relationship with his parents on account of his sexuality . john femi-ole , defending , said : ' his sexual orientation is something of a taboo , he tells me , within the community of which he was a member . ' neil moore 's partner kristen ( left ) leaving london 's southwark crown court . mr hunt said : ' i accept that you may have had a troubled early life as a result of your sexual orientation , but that can be no excuse for committing fraud . ' he said moore committed ' sophisticated ' frauds to fund a ' hedonistic lifestyle ' . when moore 's grandfather died he left him an amount of money which he frittered away partying , the court heard . mr femi-ole explained that after moore left his native country , he changed his name and entered a civil partnership , committing the frauds to continue funding the lifestyle he had grown accustomed to . ' he became addicted and intoxicated by it , and the lifestyle he was able to enjoy . he entered into a civil partnership with a transgender individual , ' he said . it was this relationship that ultimately led moore to make his escape from prison , after they were both sent to hmp wandsworth , it was said . mr femi-ole said : ' he ( moore ) and his partner were remanded into prison , wandsworth prison . their relationship became revealed , he tells me , by the guards . ' he described these as ' dark days ' for the pair , with moore fearing being raped or killed after his partner was granted bail . ' it was in these circumstances that he felt he could not tolerate the situation and escaped in the way the crown describe . ' the court was read a letter from moore in which he described feeling suicidal at the time of the fraud offences . it read : ' i committed these offences and continued living a fake fictitious lifestyle , pretending to be someone i am not , with a life full of glamour and partying . ' ' there is something great gatsbyian about that ' , said mr femi-ole , continuing to read : ' i wanted to feel loved and accepted . during the time of these offences i was extremely depressed and unhappy . ' the court heard that moore also tried to kill himself on several occasions , ' drinking excessively and partying ' in an attempt to block out how he was feeling . escape plan : moore brazenly walked out of wandsworth prison ( pictured ) after sending a fake email to wardens saying he had been granted bail . the judge described the escape as ' sophisticated and ingenious ' . mr femi-ole told the court the letter by his client was a ' window into his soul ' and demonstrated his remorse . opening sentencing last month , prosecutor ian paton said : ' having been remanded in custody by the court , and realising the reality of what he had led himself into , and what was waiting to be uncovered , he promptly set about adapting his skills for deceit , dishonesty and forgery to that new environment and he engineered his escape . ' after being contacted by his lawyers moore contacted his representatives and surrendered . he admitted eight counts of fraud in which he posed as staff from banks such as barclays , lloyds and santander to dupe major organisations such as thomas exchange global into handing over significant sums of money . the court heard that moore used up to four aliases to commit the frauds worth a total of £1,819,000 , sometimes putting on a woman 's voice to dupe his fraud victims . he was so convincing that his partner kristen moore was initially charged alongside him , believed to be involved in the scams , mr paton said . all charges against moore 's partner were later dropped . moore answered phone calls from his victims with a man 's voice and then pretended to transfer them to his colleague , resuming the conversation himself in a feminine voice . moore , from ilford in essex , admitted eight counts of fraud , and one count of escape from lawful custody , and was jailed for a total of seven years . dressed in a dark grey suit and black polo neck jumper , he remained impassive as he was sentenced . ronnie biggs escaped from wandsworth prison in 1965 after scaling a wall with three other prisoners . neil moore is not the first to escape from wandsworth prison . in 1965 , notorious great train robber ronnie biggs broke out after scaling a 30ft wall with three other prisoners . a ladder was thrown over the wall from the outside during the prisoners ' afternoon exercise session and the escapees climbed it before lowering themselves down into a waiting van . but that break for freedom pales in comparison to some of these daring and unusual prison escapes from around the world : by makeshift rafts . by helicopter . by can opener . by maintenance truck . by tunneling underground .