sainsbury 's is set to revolutionise how we do our weekly shop by letting us scan items in our home as they run out . its latest app lets homeowners gradually build up a list of items they need over the course of a week or fortnight , for example . and when that shopper enters a local store , a map will appear on the phone showing the customer where their groceries are to save them time trawling the aisles . the sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale . the current scan-and-go app is pictured . the app is currently in development and will be trialled at a store in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example . the map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store 's wi-fi network . it will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need , and will highlight any that are out of stock where appropriate . and for any additional items that the shopper does n't have at home , they can use the app to scan barcodes while in the store . the app is an extension of sainsbury 's current scan-and-go scheme ( pictured ) , which lets customers scan items on their phone as they journey around the store . card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the store . sensors embedded in the wheels of shopping trolleys could tell retailers a shopper’s location in real-time . this data could be used to manage queues and guide people to special offers . the device fits invisibly into the wheel of a trolley and is fitted with with sensors and bluetooth connection . it was invented by product design firm cambridge consultants . it tells retailers a shopper’s location to within 3ft ( one metre ) and doesn’t need batteries because it harvests energy from the rotation of the wheel to power the technology . data is transmitted via bluetooth to a shop’s server , meaning the system would be relatively cheap to put in place . the technology may spell the end of queues because it could be used to alert staff when customers are nearing checkouts , allowing shops to automatically allocate assistants when they are needed most . it could also point consumers in the right direction to find special offers . the app is an extension of sainsbury 's current scan-and-go scheme , which lets customers scan items on their phone as they journey around the store . card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping and want to leave the store . a receipt is generated automatically . to avoid shoplifting , sainsbury 's said it will set up so-called ' payment zones ' that will ask customers to scan a qr code , ensuring shoppers pay for their goods . the phone will also potentially be able to tell when a customer has left the store and has n't paid using beacons . scan-and-go is being trialled at the london colney , tadley and leicester north stores and is only open to nectar card holders . if the wandsworth trial of the new app is successful , the app is expected to be rolled out next year . sainsbury 's boss mike coupe told retail week : ' the mobile scan and go technology will end up being adopted across the industry . ' i think where we can win is with our customer interaction , offering them alternative products because they suit their lifestyle for example . over time we can do a better job of that . '