police have arrested and charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in queensland . a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr , near bundaberg , on tuesday . scroll down for video . police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in bundaberg . a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg , queensland , on thursday . a queensland police and rspca taskforce , set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal in february , also found ammunition shells from a .22 calibre gun . the pair , both from bundaberg , will appear in the bundaberg magistrates court on friday . rspca spokesman michael beatty says it 's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry . ' the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . but that 's really all we know , ' beatty told fairfax media . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr on tuesday . at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday , with the rspca . early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . ' unfortunately as i think most people would be aware , there 's always been a lot of wastage in the greyhound industry . ' police said it was unclear how long the dogs ' bodies had been there , but confirmed they were found in various states of decomposition . there were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . queensland police minister jo-ann miller expressed her outrage on twitter after the discovery . ' absolutely sickened that @ qpsmedia and @ rspcaqld have found the remains of 55 greyhounds . animal cruelty in qld wo n't be tolerated , ' she wrote . ' the indications are that these may just be young dogs that did n't have the speed , basically . but that 's really all we know , ' an rspca spokesperson told fairfax media . there were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area , a police spokesperson said . the taskforce was established to investigate the use of live baiting using possums , rabbits and piglets to train competitive greyhounds . it came after an abc four corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals . so far , five people have been charged with a total of 23 offences in the state . an independent review headed up by barrister alan macsporran sc is also being conducted into the practice . it 's expected to be completed in about three months ' time . this review aims to find out how widespread the use of live baiting is in queensland , and how it could go undetected for so long . an abc four corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals . 