a mother has voiced her fear after scientific tests have failed to explain why oranges are turning an inexplicable tone of purple in her house . angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . ' i 'm very worried because i feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit . we need answers because this could be a more widespread problem , ' ms postle told daily mail australia . the oranges that turned an inexplicable hue of purple in queensland mother angela postle 's house . she first stumbled upon the uncanny phenomenon after buying the oranges from her local woolworths . ' i cut them up up for my children but ended up making something else and forgetting about them . the next morning i noticed the purple colouring , and it got progressively worse over the coming days . ' ms postle took the oranges back to the supermarket and was offered a refund but no explanation . she resolved to send them to the health authorities in a bid to find out what had happened . but to her horror , the phenomenon unfolded a second time with oranges from a different supermarket , suggesting the problem is coming from within her own house . ' we need answers , this is n't normal or natural . i am not going to feed my kids something like that . i think it 's awful they have n't come up with any answers . ' angela postle with four of her five children , jaspa , marlah , makali and ceejay . the mother has voiced her fear over the strange phenomenon : i am not going to feed my kids something like that . i think it 's awful they have n't come up with any answers ' . a spokesperson from the to queensland environmental health branch told daily mail australia the following . ' preliminary testing on a sample of oranges which had shown purple discolouration has been completed by the queensland health forensic and scientific services . ' testing was carried out to determine the presence of commonly used synthetic food colourings . the oranges showed no indication of the presence of any artificial colours . ' testing was also undertaken to determine the presence of iodine . no evidence of iodine was found . they said a sample of the the oranges has been sent to a molecular biology laboratory for further analysis . ms postle said the discolouration grew worse over the coming days until it encompassed the entire fruit . after the first round of tests were completed last week , a sample of the the oranges has been sent to a molecular biology laboratory for further analysis . mrs postle said the second round of tests could take a whole month , a period when she will be avoiding oranges and being dildigent with her food choices . ' we 're not eating oranges and being very careful with our food choices until then . ' experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit . andrew harty from citrus australia told 9news it was highly unusual . ' i 've never seen anything like that , and i 've been in the game a long time . an orange would never do that naturally . ' experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit , which they claim is highly unusual . 