kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man . a pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl , now 15 , and others with a hidden camera in a bathroom . kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy , the montgomery county district attorney 's office said . the investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in a bathroom in her limerick township home in march , according to prosecutors . she told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . she added that beginning when she was nine years old up until she was 13 , rebbie would come into her bedroom while she was sleeping and molest her , according to philly.com . investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom , 34 of which showed victims as they showered . rebbie uploaded the videos , some that included close-up images of children 's genitalia , to his computer to view later , prosecutors said . the videos were captured over a three- or four-year time period , according to prosecutors . rebbie admitted to filming several victims , including other juveniles , but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the now-15-year-old victim while she undressed and showered , according to the pottstown mercury . ' i think it 's particularly horrific ... and particularly for a young child when they think they 're in the sanctity of their home , going through their teenage years , to be violated in the way that this young woman was violated it just goes beyond the boundaries of horrific . it 's just unfathomable , ' limerick police chief william albany told the mercury . the relationship between rebbie and the girl 's family is unknown . rebbie 's preliminary hearing is on may 1 and he is being held on a $ 500,000 bail .