' floral perfumes can take years off a woman ' . two things in life give me instant gratification : perfume and wine gums . but while one rots my teeth and piles on the pounds , the other - no matter how bad my hair day - makes me feel beautiful . i 'm in good company . cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip . ' we know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant : the secret life of scent . ' she did n't solely rely on her looks . cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man 's heart , ' she says . and according to scientists , cleopatra was right . perfume really can make us more attractive . ' humans are mammals and though we 're highly evolved , we have inherited mating mechanisms from the animal kingdom . one of the factors that influences our partner choice is smell , ' says tim jacob , emeritus professor at the school of biosciences at cardiff university . we react in an involuntary way to smell because our noses are connected to synapses in the unconscious part of the brain ( the piriform cortex ) , which governs the subconscious mind . ' the power of the subconscious mind is extremely strong . if we like someone 's smell , they become instantly more attractive to us , and vice versa , ' says roja dove , master perfumer at urban retreat perfumerie in harrods . small wonder , then , that perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . and there are ingredients with a proven track record of evoking other strong subconscious reactions . perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . ' vanilla , an ingredient in many perfumes , is a smell that 's strongly associated with pleasure , ' says professor jacob . ' just think of confectionery and the feelings of happiness that go with traditional childhood treats . ' lavender , another common ingredient in perfume , has been shown to calm and soothe the mind , while citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness . so powerful is our unconscious reaction to smell that perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger , more athletic or even slimmer than she actually is . so what are the perfect perfumes to make others think we 're slim , sexy , sporty or sophisticated ? harrods ' roja dove picks his favourites . . . flirt with florals . floral perfumes can take years off a woman , as long as the smell is subtle . however , if it 's cloying or overpowering , the effect can be ageing . anything that overwhelms our senses can begin to smell stale and musty , and these are scents that the unconscious mind associates with age . vivacious yet subtle scents of peony , lily of the valley and orange blossom will evoke images of spring and youth . perfumes such as balenciaga 's florabotanica ( £56 , debenhams ) or love story from chloe ( £65 , debenhams ) use floral notes that create an impression of youthful energy . they 're flirty and fun , like actresses helen mirren and felicity kendal . ramp up your sex appeal . vanilla is an aphrodisiac that enhances sensations of pleasure across the central nervous system . therefore , it 's no wonder that so many perfumes use vanilla as a base note . perfumes with a bright , breezy , citrus scent evoke images of health , youth and the outdoors . applied to the nape of the neck or dabbed lightly behind the ears , the smell is intensely seductive . for serious sex appeal you need a slightly heavier scent , one which comes from the perfume group we call the orientals . these are perfumes based on vanilla with touches of sandalwood , patchouli or coumarin , which is found in conker beans . the fragrances are sensual - they speak of arousal and passion . think rich , luxuriant velvet as opposed to bright , clean cotton . try guerlain 's shalimar , ( £62 , john lewis ) , l'ambre des merveilles by hermes ( £82 , house of fraser ) or armani 's si ( £64 , john lewis ) for a date night your husband wo n't forget . waft away the years . perfumes with a bright , breezy , citrus scent evoke images of health , youth and the outdoors . lemon has long been associated with a fresh , youthful vivacity , so perfumes with citrus notes combined with florals will have associations of vigour and energy . opt for perfumes such as tom ford 's private blend white suede ( £142 , john lewis ) or givenchy 's dahlia noir ( £63 , boots ) to knock the pounds off in an instant . you may never run a marathon , but you 'll smell like someone who does ( in a good way ) . smart and sassy aromas . if you 've got a tricky meeting or job interview , you 'll want to appear calm , competent and chic . the fragrance equivalent of an exquisitely tailored chanel suit is a perfume from the chypre family . this group of fragrances is blended with uncompromising clarity , made up primarily of woody scents : juniper , cedarwood and bergamot and citrus top notes . nearly 80 per cent of women who use fragrance own two to ten bottles .  cartier 's eau de cartier ( £46 , house of fraser ) or bottega veneta essence aromatique ( £60 , john lewis ) are perfect examples of understated statement perfumes . if a perfume can make you appear to be the sort of person who reads proust at bedtime rather than hello ! magazine , it 's going to be one of these . give yourself a mood lift . clean , energising citrus notes with hints of healing , soothing jasmine and lavender work best to dispel gloom , spread joy and your spirits . these scents have been shown to have anti-depressant and rebalancing effects . it really is true that a little lavender essence sprinkled on your pillow at night will help you sleep peacefully , leaving you calm and re-energised for the day ahead . try clarins ' eau dynamisante ( £39 , john lewis ) , fendi 's l'aquarossa ( £64 , harrods ) or , for a really lovely lavender feel , marc jacobs ' daisy eau so fresh ( £72 , debenhams ) .