a volleyball-playing feline was picked to star in a national tv advert after seeing off competition from thousands of gifted animals . tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook . the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old joshua teague . joshua’s dad phil , 56 , a computer programmer , bought the cat with his wife christine , 45 , when she was eight-weeks-old in december 2013 from a seller who lived in birmingham . mimi was picked to star in the tv advert , which was broadcast last wednesday ( 15 ) , after phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group earlier this month . he said : ' all the family were really excited to see the advert . mimi the cat appears in a 30-second video showing her unique ball skills . ' we had everyone around so we could watch it together and we told all our friends that it was going to be on . ' i am really proud that our video was chosen out of thousands of entries . ' it was completely by chance that i uploaded the video on to the pets at home facebook page . the cat is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old joshua teague in the hallway . mimi was picked to star in the tv advert after phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group . ' i just saw something on there asking people to share videos and pictures of their pets so that’s what i did . i didn’t even realise it was a competition . ' the video showed mimi playing volleyball with my son where he would throw the ball at her and she would keep batting it back . ' i had no idea it was competition so i thought it was a joke when i received an email on april 1 saying our video had been chosen for a national commercial . mimi is seen in the video batting the ball back to joshua every time he throws it her way . ' this kind of thing just never happens . ' she is a very talented cat . she has done many times since . ' i think she could get her own tv show . ' administrative assistant christine said : ' i didn’t even know phil had uploaded the video on facebook so i thought it was an april fools’ joke when he told me about it . ' we normally just skip the adverts when we watch programmes but we made sure to watch this one . ' although she’s only in the advert for a few seconds , it’s nice to see her on it . ' i never thought when i filmed the video that it would end up on tv . '