a tiny oil painting that was kept in an attic for years and thought to be worth just £300 has now sold for more than £120,000 at auction . the oil painting - which measures nine inches by seven - of a catholic saint was believed to be the work of a ' follower ' of 16th century renaissance master el greco . but the selling price suggests the untitled , undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself . auctioneer richard bromell ( pictured ) gave the tiny painting an estimated value of about £300 to £400 but it ended up selling for more than £120,000 . it was acquired by the owner 's late father in the 1970s for very little . he bought it because he believed it was a depiction of saint peter , who shares his name . and it was inherited by his son , who has not been named , who kept it in his loft for the past eight years before deciding to sell it following a clear-out . auctioneer richard bromell , of charterhouse auctioneers of sherborne , dorset , gave the work an estimated value of between £300 and £400 . but after advertising the sale , interest in the work took off . and feverish bidding , final hammer price was £98,000 and came to £120,932 with all the fees added on . mr bromell said : ' i rung the client after the sale and just told him it sold for ninety-eight . he asked ' what pounds ? ' and i told him it was £98,000 . ' he said he needed to sit down . when he came down off the ceiling he was very , very pleased . i think if he had been offered £500 for it before the auction he would have snapped your hand off . ' the oil painting ( right ) was believed to have been the work of a follower of 16th century renaissance master el greco ( left ) but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself . mr bromell explained it was very difficult to judge the painting . he said : ' we described it as by a follower of el greco because that is what it looked like and i still think that to be the case . ' it was a very interesting picture and very hard to value . ' if you asked three people the question ' how much is it worth ? ' you would get three different answers . one reputable gallery stopped bidding at £10,000 because that was how much they were prepared to pay for it . ' obviously as least two people thought it was worth the money because the bidding just went up and up . ' we must have advertised it well because all the right people attended the sale . on the day of the sale i thought it might go for a few thousand pounds so we were obviously delighted with the outcome . ' people play their cards very close to their chest at these things and the person who bought it came in and was only interested in this item and nothing else . ' 