deep within utah 's san rafael desert , thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows . but rather than frightening visitors , they are a geologist 's dream : gnarly rock formations which have been created by gradual erosion of entrada sandstone over millions of years . the ' goblins ' are scientifically known as ' hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . but the mushroom like structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists . the softer rock has been removed by wind and water , leaving thousands of unique constructions , which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion . once known as the mushroom valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle . in 1964 it was designated a state park . utah has a wealth of state parks , and at under five square miles , goblin valley is tiny compared to parks such as the nearby 527 square metre canyonlands . but the striking structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists visiting western america . goblin kiss : the sun bursts through two lifelike rock formations , known as hoodooos , in the goblin valley state park in utah's san rafael . walking through the site after sunset , when the moonlight eerily illuminates the ' goblins ' heads ' , is a popular choice , as it 's also when wildlife , including foxes is most active . the site also boasts some of the darkest skies in the world , and park rangers offer a tour showcasing the night sky , gazing upon stars , planets and distant galaxies , learning about the stories behind the constellations . in october 2013 , a group of reckless visitors posted a video of themselves tipping one of the ' goblins ' over as a practical joke . the three males faced felony charges for ' intentionally damaging , defacing and destroying property . ' the rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . once known as the mushroom valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle . in 1964 it was designated a state park . softer rock is removed by wind and water , leaving the unique constructions , which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion . the magnificent hoodoos are a geologist 's dream created by gradual erosion of entrada sandstone over millions of years . the site also boasts some of the darkest skies in the world offering visitors the chance to gaze at stars , planets and distant galaxies . in 2013 , a group of visitors posted a video of themselves toppling one of the goblins . they faced charges for ' intentionally damaging , defacing and destroying property ' . utah has a wealth of national parks , and at under five square miles , goblin valley is tiny compared to parks such as the nearby 527 square metre canyonlands . walking through the site after sunset , when the moonlight eerily illuminates the ' goblins ' heads ' , is a popular choice for tourists .