the sun is shining , the mercury is climbing and the trees are finally in blossom . spring has finally sprung and it 's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours . whether you prefer a stroll around the netherlands ' keukenhof gardens , largely recognised as one of the world 's most beautiful springtime wonders , or to take in the sights of the smithsonian alongside washington 's cherry blossom trees , there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe as well as some beautiful bluebell-spotting opportunities in the uk . mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins . in lisse , the netherlands , the famed keukenhof gardens are a must-visit for all those looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms . keukenhof gardens , the netherlands . come celebrate the breathtaking awakening of daffodils , tulips and hyacinths in the picturesque town of lisse , just an hour by train from amsterdam . known as one of the world 's most beautiful gardens , the local keukenhof boasts seven million blooms , stunning waterways , windmills and even a petting zoo for children . stroll along the park 's 15 kilometres of walking paths and explore the large indoor exhibition pavilions named after dutch royals . also located nearby is the keukenof castle , a dutch manor built in the 17th century . open between march 20 and may 17 each year , the keukenof gardens are home to seven million flowers , all of which are hand-planted . visitors should note , however , that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited . still , despite the keukenof gardens being open only between march 20 to may 17 each year , the attraction sees more than one million visitors . this year , the 32-hectare park will pay tribute to the late van gogh with their curated , hand-planted floral designs . one of the three great gardens of japan , the kenrouken in kanazawa is known for their breathtaking cherry blossom blooms . kanazawa , japan . it 's hard to know just when the cherry blossoms will bloom in japan each year , but in kanazawa in the ishikawa region of japan , it 's traditionally during the first half of the month of april . because the winter is generally cooler in the area , compared to tokyo and kyoto , it takes a bit longer for the blooms to thaw . the nearby kenrokuen garden , designated as a national site of historical significance , is part of the kanazawa castle grounds and open the public free of charge for the two weeks surrounding the cherry blossom season . and be sure to stick around until sunset , as groundskeepers add fairy lights to the beautifully-hued trees in the evenings . if you 'd like to walk among the bluebells during their short yearly stay in the hallerbos forest , you 'll have to time your visit perfectly . hallerbos , belgium . for those looking to walk among the belgian bluebells , it 's a race against the clock . admirers flock to the hallerbos , a forest in flemish brabant , belgium , in hopes of spotting the flowers during their short stay each spring . making a sighting all the more tricky is that the flowers actually bloom at different times each year due to weather variations , although the website recommends a visit during the second half of april . the extremadura region of spain is home to the town of caceres , which is described as the ' most unspoiled medieval town ' in europe . caceres , spain . described as the ' most unspoiled medieval town ' in europe , the rolling plains of caceres is never more beautiful than when in full springtime bloom . head to the province in extremadura , which has recently been given world heritage status , to take in the local cherry blossoms and wander among the fields of lavender . and do n't miss out on a visit to the jerte valley , which is famed for its two million cherry trees . the area 's rolling plains , and in particular the jerte valley , are known for their cherry trees and fields of lavender . each year , usually around the second week in march , the jerte valley cherry trees cover the mountainside in an impressive blanket of white flowers . you 'll have to plan your visit wisely , however , as the special flowering period only lasts around 10 days . the cherry blossom fiesta is held in the valley during the second week in march , as well , and includes exhibitions , musical performances and guided tours to the los infiernos nature reserve and the cherry museum . for those hoping to head to the big apple , there 's no better time to visit new york city than during the warm springtime months . central park , new york city . if you fancy a trip to the big apple , there 's no better time than during the glorious springtime months . in the summer , manhattanites ditch the sweaty concrete jungle for reprieve in the hamptons , but from april to june , bustling central park is the place to be for locals and newcomers alike . since first opening in the 1857 , the park now sees more than 40 million visitors yearly , and while firmly entrenched on the tourist trail , there are plenty of places to explore off the beaten path . and , of course , no visit to new york is complete without a stroll through central park to take in the beautiful magnolia and tulip blossoms . take a stroll through shakespeare 's garden , chock full of magnolia and tulip blossoms , located just off central park west near the american museum of natural history . or soak up some sun in the wide open spaces of sheep 's meadow . there are plenty of places to get lost among the flowers in new york city 's 843-acre park , including the famed conservatory garden , with italian , french and spanish influences . the rolling hills of northumberland light up in the early spring months thanks to the millions of vibrant , red poppies in the fields . northumberland , england . following a winter , rainy winter , the rolling hills of northumberland begin to light up with the help of millions of vibrant , red poppies . one of the most popular places to spot the flower is at the ' poison garden ' exhibit at the alnwick gardens , the stunning outdoor complex adjacent to alnwick castle . generally , poppies reach full bloom in late spring and early summer , meaning there 's plenty of time to book your escape to the countryside . looking for a bit of southern charm ? head to savannah , georgia , and experience the area 's signature oak trees draped with spanish moss . savannah , georgia . the american south provides the backdrop of every nicholas sparks film for a reason . whether it 's the city 's signature live oak trees draped with spanish moss or the beautiful spring blooms popping up in forsyth park , visitors are never far from a lush springtime treat . in fact , savannah 's gorgeous greenery has even earned it the nickname , ' the forest city , ' thanks in large part to the many species of oak trees in the area . forsyth park in the centre is full of gorgeous greenery in the spring months , earning the town the nickname of the ' forest city ' . in the summer , the temperatures rise to a sweltering 35 degrees celsius , but in the spring , the city is truly at its best . think : temperatures in the mild 20s , american comfort food and georgia 's signature southern hospitality . plus , the charming architecture and bustling music and art scene will be sure to satisfy even the most discerning cultural palettes . take in the sights of the smithsonian and the washington monument ( pictured ) alongside pretty pink blossoms in washington , d.c . washington , d.c . for those who appreciate a bit of political commentary with their beautiful views , washington d.c. is a must-visit this spring . take in the sights of the smithsonian , the white house and the washington monument , all while experiencing the stunning cherry blossom trees lining the potomac river . and do n't miss the city 's famed national cherry blossom festival , which celebrates the 1912 gift of 3,000 cherry trees from mayor yukio ozaki of tokyo . this year , the festival runs through april 12 . texas bluebonnets cover the fields in the hill country area of the lone star state , made up of 25 different counties . hill country , texas . there 's far more to the lone star state than simply delicious barbecue - though we do recommend a visit to the salt lick restaurant in nearby driftwood - such as these impossibly beautiful springtime blooms . they say that everything is bigger in texas and the state 's bluebonnets are no exception . the texas hill country is a 25 county region in the central and southern part of the state , encompassing the capital city of austin , and is known for its limestone and granite rocks . the area 's famed bluebonnets generally start blooming in mid-march , continuing into april , and if you 're lucky , you may even spot a calf . the area 's famed bluebonnets generally start blooming in mid-march and continue into april , though there are plenty of other varieties of flowers that appear later in the season . in burnet , texas , which is known as the ' bluebonnet capital ' by the state legislature , a festival takes place each year during the second weekend of april . self-guided tours are available , though many travellers recommend simply stopping in to local cafes and shops and asking the owners where to go - no one knows the area better ! head to south central england for a glimpse of vivid daffodils , primroses , magnolias , and the area 's signature delicate snowdrops . cotswolds , england . head to south central england in the spring for sightings of adorable baby lambs and vibrant wild daffodils , primroses and magnolias . for those looking for the area 's signature snowdrops , consider a trip to the painswick rococo garden , set in a hidden cotswold valley with stunning countryside views . if you prefer bluebells , there are plenty of wooded areas blanketed with the popular flower in the region . bluebells carpet the forest floor in chedowrth wood , located in the chedowrth nature reserve in gloucestershire . head to chedworth nature reserve in gloucestershire in late april or early may to experience the vivid blues , or stop off at standish wood in the cotswold hills . both are great for those looking to see england 's famed carpets of bluebells and in standish wood , the cotswold way national trail runs through the entire estate . though the temperatures are warming up , april , in particular , is still quite rainy - this is england , after all - so prepare for your walks and excursions accordingly .