a new york detective has been suspended after being accused of robbing a store while colleagues were arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes . the manager of the deli in brooklyn said detective ian cyrus , who has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash . his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . scroll down for video . caught on camera : on viewing the cctv security cameras , the store manager said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter , and detective ian cyrus grabbing a handful of it . mr abdullah said detective ian cyrus then bends down and when he stands up , he appears to put the money in his coat pocket . five new york police department ( nypd ) detectives went to the brooklyn store on friday april 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes , according to abc7 eyewitness news . officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence . manager ali abdullah , who was not in the shop at the time , was given a receipt from the police the following day saying $ 593 had been seized , but he realised $ 2,650 in store rent money was missing . on viewing the cctv security cameras , he said detective cyrus grabbed a handful of cash from the rent money box under the counter . mr abdullah said the detective then bends down and when he stands up , he appears to put the money in his coat pocket . ' i look at my system , i see the officer took the money , ' mr abdullah told the news channel . ' it 's crazy . ' he said he called a nearby police department , who sent a supervisor to look at the video . mr abdullah claims the supervisor said : ' he 's going to lose his pension , lose his life , for $ 2,600 ? ' nypd deputy commissioner stephen davis told mailonline : ' based on the nature of the allegations in this incident , in addition to the video provided to us , the nypd has placed one detective on suspension and one supervisor on modified assignment status pending further investigation into the matter . ' detective ian cyrus 49 , assigned to brooklyn north narcotics has been suspended . sergeant fritz glemaud 44 , assigned to brooklyn north narcotics has been placed on modified assignment . ' a person who answered the phone at detective cyrus ' home would not comment when contacted by abc7 eyewitness news . detective ian cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . nypd detectives were at the store in brooklyn , new york arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes .