the moment a pregnant woman was fatally shot by two idaho police officers has been revealed in surveillance footage . jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8 , 2014 . the troubled native american woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old shane , following threats she made to kill herself , according to the guardian . while parked outside of the emergency room of bonner general hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade , and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed . in the video , jeanetta is heard in an exchange with officers as they repeatedly tell her to put the knife down but she refuses before a commotion is heard and they shoot her . jeanetta riley ( pictured left with her husband shane ) , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8 , 2014 . she was taken to hospital by her husband , shane , after he heard her fiddling with blades and talked about killing herself and stabbing people ( jeanetta pictured above with her daughters dayna , top , dolly , left , and hannah , right ) . officers michael valenzuela , 27 and skyler ziegler , 29 were cleared of any wrongdoing following the incident and the case was closed in november . in the footage , valenzuela , ziegler and a third officer , garrett johnson , 23 arrived at the scene where jeanetta was sitting in the car holding the bottle of vodka and the knife . she then walked towards them with the knife at her side , according to the guardian . in the footage , ziegler is heard shouting ' walk over here ' and ' show me your hands ' before she responds 'f*** you . no . ' she is told again to put down the knife and continues to refuse and shouts ' bring it on , no . ' jeanetta then steps off the curb and into the road towards the two officers when gun fired is heard , with three bullets striking her torso and one striking her heart . jeanetta took the knife from under the car seat and was confronted by officers who repeatedly told her to put the knife down but she refused ( above scenes from the incident ) . after she stepped off the curb and walked towards them , they fired their guns and she was killed ( above the moment she was shot ) . the events leading to the incident unfolded when the couple , who was homeless and living out of a 1996 chevrolet van parked next to a lake , had spent the day with jeanetta 's daughter , 13-year-old hannah . jeanetta and shane had arguments earlier in the day that were escalating when she began mentioning harming herself . the pair dropped hannah off at her stepfather 's house , and after drinking half a bottle of vodka while back at their camp , jeanetta spoke about killing herself and stabbing people , shane said . when he heard her fiddling with blades he decided to take her to the hospital . the native american woman , who was addicted to alcohol and meth , and drank half a bottle of vodka before she was taken to the hospital on the day she died . in the summer of 2012 , jeanetta married shane and two years later the couple gave up their newborn baby for adoption . shane said he told jeanetta at the time : ' this is n't a joke . it 's not a game . ' while parked outside of the emergency room , jeanetta took out the knife and shane ran inside and told a staff member behind the desk to call the police . following the exchange with police , jeanetta was shot and killed . valenzuela told detectives he thought she was ' absolutely gon na thrust at me ' when he pulled the trigger , while ziegler said the knife looked ' huge in her hands ' , according to the guardian . in november , the officers were cleared of wrongdoing by a local prosecutor . fourteen hours after jeanetta was shot and killed , a dog called arfee was fatally shot by police in nearby coeur d’alene , in a killing that was ruled unjustified . his owner received an $ 80,000 payout two weeks ago as well as an apology from the mayor . shane and riley 's three daughters so far have not even received an apology . the officers involved in the incident were cleared of any wrongdoing by a local prosecutor in november . jeanetta and her husband were homeless and living out of their van which was parked next to a lake . on the day of the incident , shane ran into the hospital ( above ) and alerted staff to call the police . peter reedy , an fbi-trained hostage negotiator and former sergeant , said the officers should not have gone so quickly into a tense stand-off with their guns drawn , he told the guardian . he said : ' first of all , do nothing . keep your distance , try to talk to her , do n't even take your gun out of your holster , try to calm things down and work out what you 're up against . ' reedy added : ' if they had not responded to the call they way she did , i truly believe she would be alive right now . ' there are close to 1,000 people killed by police on average each year , according to a recent u.s. government study , and reportedly at least half of those fatally shot by police in the u.s. have mental health issues , another study reported .