we are well versed in the dangers of using sunbeds , with skin cancer preying on the minds of all who expose their skin to the uv rays . but experts have warned the disease is not the only health danger associated with the pursuit of an artificial year-round tan . those compelled by a desire for bronzed skin are also at risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection - herpes . dermatologist dawn marie davies , from the mayo clinic in minnesota , warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection , herpes . genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . it is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex . once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes . there is no complete cure for the infection - rather , a sufferer will be given treatment each time they suffer a flare up . dermatologist dawn marie davies , an associate professor of dermatology at the mayo clinic in minnesota , warns the virus , and other bacteria , can survive on tanning beds , despite the heat . ' in my practice , i 've seen acquired bacterial infections , warts , and herpes infections from tanning beds , ' she told yahoo . she said staphylococcus bacteria , which can cause skin infections , faecal bacteria , the herpes virus and the wart-causing human papillomavirus are all able to withstand the heat of a sunbed to survive . bacteria that lies on a person 's skin can easily be transferred to the bed , when a person is lying down . the heat - not high enough to kill the infection - allows the bacteria to develop to become stronger and more able to survive . when a person sweats , it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses . it is then possible for the infection to transfer to another sunbed user , entering the body via a small cut or nick in the skin , often so small a person may be unaware . ' ultraviolet light can theoretically kill germs , but it 's not enough to kill germs on the tanning bed , ' professor davies warned . ' what 's interesting is that when you use the ultraviolet light over and over again - and the tanning bed lights are on for multiple hours a day - if the bacteria or virus is exposed to some antiseptic but not enough to kill it , or some light but not enough to kill it , it can grow stronger and then it becomes resistant . ' genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . it is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex . once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes . a recurrence of the virus is often triggered by being unwell , stress , drinking excess alcohol , exposure to ultraviolet light , for example , using sunbeds , and having a weakened immune system . herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . professor davies warns that the virus can remain on tanning beds , infecting other sunbed users . symptoms of genital herpes include : these symptoms may last up to 20 days , but the sores will eventually scab and heal without scarring . although the initial symptoms of genital herpes clear up , the virus remains dormant . it can be reactivated , causing recurrences , which are usually shorter and less severe .    