the majority of people taking antidepressants may not actually have depression , a new study claims . researchers discovered more than two-thirds ( 69 per cent ) of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression . antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders . but the researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either . scroll down for video . more than two thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for clinical depression . the u.s. investigators looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( ssri ) , the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant . ssris are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions because they generally have fewer side effects than most other types of antidepressant . writing in the report , published in the journal of clinical psychiatry , the researchers concluded : ‘ many individuals prescribed antidepressants may not have met the criteria for mental disorders . ‘ our data indicates that antidepressants are commonly used in the absence of clear evidence-based indications . ’ commenting on the study , dr howard forman , medical director of the addiction consultation service at montefiore medical center , said clinical depression is distinct from temporary feelings of sadness . he told medical daily : ' we all experience periods of stress , periods of sadness , and periods of self-doubt . ' these don’t make us mentally ill , they define us as human . ' in the u.s. , official guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has five or more depressive symptoms over a two week period , most of the day , nearly every day . the symptoms include a depressed mood ; a loss of interested or pleasure in activities ; weight loss , weight gain or changes in appetite ; insomnia or increased desire to sleep . in the u.s. , official guidelines say clinical depression should be diagnosed if a person has five or more depressive symptoms over a two week period , most of the day , nearly every day . the symptoms include a depressed mood ; a loss of interest or pleasure in activities ; weight loss , weight gain or changes in appetite ; insomnia or increased desire to sleep . other symptoms include restlessness or slowed behaviour ; fatigue or loss of energy ; feelings of worthlessness or excessive guilt ; difficulty making decisions or trouble concentrating , and thoughts of death or suicide . other symptoms included restlessness or slowed behaviour ; fatigue or loss of energy ; feelings of worthlessness or excessive guilt ; difficulty making decisions or trouble concentrating , and thoughts of death or suicide . prescriptions for anti-depressants have more than trebled since 1998 in the world’s richest countries , a study by the organisation for economic co-operation and development found . the research noted a particular rise in in the use of ssris like prozac and seroxat . the oecd figures showed iceland to have the highest prescribing rate , at 106 doses a day for every 1,000 inhabitants in 2011 , up from 71 a decade earlier . behind iceland is australia , then canada , denmark , sweden and portugal . the lowest levels were seen in chile and south korea . separate data from the us shows 11 per cent of americans over 12-years-old use anti-depressants . as part of the new study , doctors used data from the baltimore epidemiologic catchment area ( eca ) study wave 1 , which began in 1981 , up to wave 4 , which ended in 2005 . in total , they used data on 1,071 participants , carrying out four interviews and assessing the use of antidepressants . they found 13 per cent of people in the group reported using antidepressants . the study found 38 per cent of ssri users did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalized anxiety disorder or clinical depression ( file photo ) . it 's thought that ssris work by increasing the levels of a chemical called serotonin in the brain . serotonin is a neurotransmitter ( a messenger chemical that carries signals between nerve cells in the brain ) . it 's thought to have a good influence on mood , emotion and sleep . after carrying a message , serotonin is usually reabsorbed by the nerve cells ( known as ' reuptake ' ) . ssris work by blocking ( ' inhibiting ' ) reuptake , meaning more serotonin is available to pass further messages between nearby nerve cells . the nhs choices website while it would be too simplistic to say that depression and related mental health conditions are caused by low serotonin levels , a rise in serotonin levels can improve symptoms and make people more responsive to other types of treatment . source : nhs choices . they then assessed whether the people in this group met the criteria for a mental disorder , as laid out in the latest edition of the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders , the u.s. bible for psychiatric conditions . they found that 38 per cent of ssri users did not meet the criteria for a mental disorder , and 69 per cent did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder . the news comes after a study found women who take antidepressants during pregnancy are more likely to have a baby with autism . the u.s. study supports previous research which has shown that taking ssri antidepressants during pregnancy increases a woman’s risk of having a child with the developmental disability . and other american research revealed young adults taking high-dose antidepressants such as prozac and seroxat have double the risk of suicidal behaviour . researchers pointed to previous studies , which found antidepressant drugs are linked with an increased risk of suicidal behaviour and thoughts in children and adolescents , particularly in the early stages of treatment . 