a wartime scientist has revisited the secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years since the end of the second world war . mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943 . she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department . now , 70 years after leaving her position , the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory . mary cartwright revisited drakelow underground factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , where more than 700 people worked during the war ( right ) to produce aircraft engines . now 91 , the great grandmother tested metal for aircraft engines . revisiting the site with her son , david , mrs cartwright said it was ' strange ' to see it so quiet . she worked as the only woman in its laboratory between 1943 and 1945 . built in 1943 , the factory became known as drakelow tunnels for its vast network of underground paths spread over three-and-a-half miles . it was one of 26 ' shadow ' sites set-up to mass produce engines and parts for military aircraft and tanks that were built underground or into hillside so that production could continue if bombed . designed by rover at the behest of the air ministry , drakelow employed 700 people when mrs cartwright began working there . arriving every day at 8.30am , she used scientific formulas to analyse the ratio of metals in shavings given to her by ' the men ' . spanning more than three miles , the site became known as the drakelow tunnels for its vast network of secret passageways . the entrance to one of the tunnels which are built into hillside beneath kingsford country park , kidderminster . another of the tunnels ' entrances in kingsford country park . while built at road level it is 300ft from the top of the hill . set up by rover under the instruction of the air ministry , drakelow was one of 26 ' underground ' factories established to allow production lines to continue if the country came under fire . with more than 700 people working at the site at a time it was one of the largest underground factories during the war . mrs cartwright was sent to work there in 1943 after being called up at the age of 20 . she had wanted to join the civil service beforehand . a stretch of offices in the underground factory . their windows were high up so that staff would not be distracted by co-workers walking by . the kitchen where staff would have eaten during one of the long , underground shifts . mrs cartwright had no previous experience when she was called up , but said she ' just got on with the job ' . mrs cartwright said while the tunnels were built to protect production lines from bombing , by the time she began working at drakelow the worst of the raids had already hit the country . right , a newspaper cutting from 1941 detailing the deaths of three men killed when one of the tunnels collapsed during ' excavating operations ' . ' i 'd had no experience at the time , someone , i think my sister-in-law , just gave me a book which told me how to do it and i just got on with it , ' mrs cartwright told mailonline . ' the metal could come in and it would be one of the men who would drill it into shavings . i 'd dissolve it in acid and then put something on it that would allow me to analyse it so i could find how much nickle , chrome etc was in each part . ' the only woman in the laboratory , mrs cartwright had wanted to serve in the army before being called up . ' in a way it was luck of the draw an din a way it was n't . i wanted to go into the forces but parents in those days told you what to do and mine said : `` no , you 'll go into industry . `` ' earning £3 a week , she was also tasked with taking photographs of the metal for developing in a dark room next door . while the factory 's design was so carried out to avoid raids , the worst of the bombing across britain had already occurred by the time mrs cartwright took up work , she said . ' they started building the tunnels in 1941 , quite late in the war . around that time we were being badly bombed but never when i was there . ' the site was restored in the 1980s by the ministry of defence which installed two kw generators . tunnel 4 , one of the main passageways used during the second world war to shuttle workers to their stations . after the war ended , mrs cartwright trained as a teacher and spent years teaching p.e . in worcester . she met her late husband , cecil cartwright , after the war had ended and the pair married in 1953 . revisiting the drakelow tunnels with one of her sons , john , the great-grandmother said it was ' strange ' to see it so quiet . in 1936 , the air ministry approached the car manufacturer rover , asking them to help with wartime production . by 1939 , all motoring production had ceased and the company had begun working solely on aircraft parts and engines . but when its coventry factory was blitzed , bosses cited the need for a more secure setting to allow production to continue . shadow factories were then created . built underground , safe from the shelling of hitler 's army , workers were free to work on engines for military aircraft and tanks . a canteen that was reused during the cold war when drakelow factory became a government bunker . the drakelow site was one of the largest , spanning more than three miles . built into kingsford country park , the factory is 300ft from the top of the hill but is in fact at road level . it was used to produce aircraft engines specifically for four models of bristol aircraft ; the pegasus , hercules , centaur and mercury . when demand wavered at the end of the war some staff were kept on to continue working on tanks . production of the meteor tank engine continued until 1952 when parts became surplus to requirements . all production stopped indefinitely thee years later when the site was handed over to the ministry of works . in 1961 the government converted half of the tunnels to become a nuclear-safe bunker known as regional seat of government . by the 1980s it had been modernised again with new blast doors fitted to meet updated requirements . it was decommissioned and sold to a private company in the early 1990s and remains in their ownership . ' all my memories are of a bustling hive of activity . i did enjoy my time there , it was certainly an experience . i just got on with it . ' the drakelow tunnels or shadow factory was one of 26 of the same kind across the uk , built into the ground or landscape . during the war it was used to produce engine parts for four bristol aircraft - hercules , pegasus , centaur and mercury . for a short while afterward the war production continued but to create parts for army tanks . the site is owned by a private swiss company , though historians are eager to turn it into a permanent museum . 