youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time . the plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee . youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time , according to an email sent out to youtube partners . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15 , 2015 . according to youtube 's updated partner program terms , youtube will pay creators 55 % of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues . `` by creating a new paid offering , we 'll generate a new source of revenue that will supplement your fast growing advertising service , '' the letter said . one thing the letter to creators nor the updated terms references is the price of the subscription offering itself , nor does it disclose when the service will be offered to the public . ' the june 15 date references when the terms changes go into effect , but this does n't necessarily mean that the service will be immediately public to all youtube users at that time – it could be a staged roll out , or youtube could have simply wanted the legalese in place ahead of the broader subscription service 's launch , ' said techcrunch . youtube star : felix 's ( top right ) channel has received seven billion hits since he launched it four years ago - and youtube says people like him could make more money using the new subscription service . he was 2014 's undisputed ' king of youtube ' with 4.1 billion hits and he 's amassed a staggering 33 million subscribers , who worship the webcam ' pewdiepie ' broadcasts from . in fact , if felix kjellberg 's die-hard fans formed their own country , it would be the world 's 34th largest - and more populous than greece , hungary and his native sweden combined . despite being one of the youtube generation 's most popular and influential figures , the video blogger has chosen a quiet life by the brighton seaside with a beautiful italian girl he met online . however , sources told bloomberg the offering is expected to go live this year . the email promises youtube creators will generate additional income beyond what 's available today through advertising , and speaks of the subscription service as something that will ' excite your fans and generate a previously untapped , additional source of revenue for you . ' ' youtube will pay you 55 % of the total net revenues recognized by youtube from subscription fees that are attributable to the monthly views or watchtime of your content as a percentage of the monthly views or watchtime of all or a subset of participating content in the relevant subscription offering ( as determined by youtube ) , ' it says . ' if your content is included in and viewed by a user in multiple subscription offerings , youtube will pay you based on the subscription offering with the highest amount of net revenues recognized by youtube , as calculated by youtube . ' in october , youtube head susan wojcicki , who had been spearheading the monetization efforts , explained at the code mobile conference that the option would especially appeal to mobile viewers who are increasingly interested in avoiding advertisements . earlier this year , after a year of speculation , youtube officially launched its subscription music service . called music key , the beta version launches today - but is currently invite-only . youtube 's ( pictured ) music key beta launches today but is currently invite-only . following trials , the california-based video site said it will launch in more regions ' soon ' . the service will cost £9.99 a month in the uk , $ 9.99 in the us and €9.99 in europe , and users will be given ad-free music and offline viewing . called music key , the beta version of the service launches today - but is currently invite-only . following trials , the california-based video site said it will launch in the uk , us , ireland , italy , spain , portugal and finland ' soon ' . for a monthly fee , subscribers will be able to watch videos offline and without adverts . anyone who receives an invite code will be able to use the service for free , for six months , before paying £7.99 a month . when it officially launches , music key will cost £9.99 a month ( $ 9.99 , €9.99 ) . following trials , the california-based site launched the ad-free , offline service in the uk , us , ireland , italy , spain , portugal and finland . for a monthly fee , music key subscribers will be able to watch videos offline and without adverts . anyone who receives an invite code will be able to use the service for free , for six months , before paying £7.99 ( $ 7.99 in the us , €7.99 in europe ) a month . when it officially launches , music key will cost £9.99 a month , $ 9.99 in the us and €9.99 in europe . ' you 've asked us for ways to listen to music without ads , to keep playing music videos even if you lock the screen or start using another app , and to play music even if you 're not connected to the internet , ' said the google-owned firm . ' that 's why today we 're announcing youtube music key beta . ' thanks to your music videos , remixes , covers , and more , you 've made youtube the biggest music service on the planet . ' to turn youtube into your perfect music service , we 're launching youtube music key as a beta with our biggest music fans first , and then we 'll bring youtube music key to the whole world together . ' people can learn more about the beta at the youtube music key site . youtube has also announced its new youtube music tab , which will help find videos more easily . speculation about youtube 's spotify rival began last year . music key matches the options , and the price , offered by spotify on its own paid-for subscriptions , but with the added bonus of videos , for example . youtube also announced its new music tab , which will help find videos and full albums more easily . the desktop site , as well as the android and ios apps , have been redesigned to make favourite music videos , recommended playlists , and playlists of trending music more visible . users can now see an artist 's discography , and play a full album with both their official music videos and high-quality songs from music partners . speculation about youtube 's spotify rival began last year when ' two people familiar with the matter ' announced its arrival was imminent . it matches the options , and price , offered by spotify for its own paid-for subscriptions , but with the added bonus of videos . it is not be the first time youtube has experimented with paid-for plans . in may last year , the google-owned video giant launched a paid-for subscription service that charged users from 79p ( 99 cents ) a month to watch videos on specialist channels , such as comedy.tv and pga digital golf . individual channels charge more for a subscription if they choose to , and the majority of uk subscriptions charge £1.49 ( $ 2.50 ) a month . over 50 channels were launched as subscription-only , but not all paid-for channels can be subscribed to in the uk - namely jim henson family tv , and national geographic kids . the revenue split between youtube and the channel producers and musicians is expected to be similar to the 45-55 split that youtube currently has with advertising revenue . it is not be the first time youtube has experimented with paid-for plans . in may last year , the google-owned video giant launched a paid-for subscription service that charged users from 79p a month to watch videos on specialist channels , such as comedy.tv and pga digital golf . earlier this week , the bbc launched a permanent , on-demand video section on its iplayer service . the station now offers exclusive content including live performances , documentaries and interviews . each week , there will be a 15-minute show hosted by chris stark called icymi . the official chart bite will be weekly , and presented by youtube stars jack and dean . and a radio 1 dj will put together their top five things to watch on bbc iplayer .  