countdown co-presenter rachel riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game . host nick hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried , and failed , to stifle his giggles as a blushing ms riley spelt out the word ' erection ' . hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar’s sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when dubliner gerry tynan and anne lewin , from brighton , both offered up the double entendre . scroll down for video . countdown co-presenter rachel riley looked embarassed when the two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game ( pictured ) as host nick hewer failed to stifle his laughter . fortunately celebrity guest dr phil hammond , who was in dictionary corner with susie dent , saved the day with nine letter word ' recondite ' . it is not the first time the show 's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up - last year hairy biker dave myers offered up the seven-letter word ' todgers ' , causing much hilarity among the hosts . in february an english teacher shocked viewers when submitting the word 'm*nges ' , an expletive sometimes used to describe female genitalia . it is not the first time nick hewer ( pictured ) has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up . in 1991 , two contestants offered 'w***ers ' , and in 2010 another suggested 's**tface ' . in 2010 the presenters looked uneasy when the letters u , d , f , c , k and e all came up in a selection - but luckily the contestants resisted the temptation to go for the obvious and instead submitted the five letter words ' caged ' and ' faced ' . it 's not the first word to have left rachel riley blushing . the former strictly come dancing star found herself stifling laughter after drawing the words 'p*ss ' and 'a*se ' shortly after replacing carol vorderman in 2009 . during her 26-year stint , ms vorderman was left red-faced more than a few times . words such as fart , porn and poo were among the collection of letters which had the loose women star and her co-hosts laughing . the channel 4 afternoon show , which has been running since the station launched in 1982 , recently picked up a guinness world record when it reached its 6,000th episode . the words and number contest was launched with late presenter richard whiteley at the helm and has also been fronted by des lynam and jeff stelling . countdown is on weekdays at 2.10pm on channel 4 . hairy biker dave myers offered up the seven-letter word ' todgers ' , causing much hilarity among the hosts . when she was a presenter on the show carol vorderman was left red-faced when certain words popped up .