friends of an uzbekistani woman who died this week claim she was the world 's oldest person ever having reached the age of 135 . tuti yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 . they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement . the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 . friends of tuti yusupova , pictured , who died this week claim she was the world 's oldest person aged 135 . officials in uzbekistan support the claim , releasing ms yusupova 's passport claiming she was born in 1880 . ms yusupova 's death came in the same week as misao okawa , who died on april 1 , a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday . ms yusupova 's funeral was attended by baxadir yangibaev , chairman of the council of ministers in the autonomous republic of karakalpakstan , in north west uzbekistan . mr yangibaev said the evidence of ms yusupova 's age was conclusive and this information would be passed onto the officials responsible for the guinness book of records . he said uzbekistan has to be one of the healthiest places in the world to live because out of its population of 30 million , they have 8,700 people who are more than 100 . the 135-year-old pensioner recently appeared in a documentary ' tuti yusupova - witness of three centuries . during the documentary , she said : ' i can tell you that the secret to a long life is to do lots of work in the fields and to live an honest life . having lived through so many wars i would also tell the children of today to try and live their lives in the company of good people , and to appreciate times of peace . ' at her 117th birthday party last month ms okawa said that her life had seemed ' rather short . ' when asked the secret to long life , she said : ' i wonder about that too . ' the guinness world records announced misao okawa , was the world 's oldest person at 114 in 2013 . ms okawa , who was born in 1898 , died earlier this week having recently celebrated her 117th birthday . the new oldest person in the world , american gertrude weaver , is aged 116 and lives in arkansas . speaking in 2014 , she said the secret to long life is kindness , saying : ' treat people nice and be nice to other people ' .    