tom boyd believes jason denayer’s loan spell at celtic has been so successful that he is now ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season . such an outcome would obviously deny ronny deila’s stated aim of retaining the young belgian for another year , yet boyd also sees a clear positive . to the former celtic captain , denayer’s development can act as a perfect advert to encourage more emerging talents to take their next career step at parkhead . young defender jason denayer ( left ) has impressed on loan at celtic this season . the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for belgium in a euro 2016 qualifier against cyprus . the 19-year-old earned a first full cap for his country when he came off the bench in their 1-0 win in israel on tuesday night following a red card for vincent kompany . denayer will hope to join kompany in city’s first-team squad when he returns to his parent club this summer and boyd feels he is equipped to take that step . ‘ jason certainly looks like he could go back to man city and make an impression , ’ said boyd . ‘ for a young boy , he’s been exceptional . he looks a lot older in his play and it surprises you when you remind yourself how young he actually is . ‘ the only question is whether he will get the opportunities he wants down there . i think he will , especially now that he is featuring for belgium in a qualification game . ‘ unfortunately , celtic can’t compete with the money on offer in england . the new television deal down there has taken things to another level again . ‘i’d love jason to stay at celtic for 10 years but that’s not going to happen . he’s an ambitious boy and wants to go and challenge himself to be the best he can . from some of the games i’ve seen , i think he could slot into that city defence no problem . denayer has been tipped to partner belgium team-mate vincent kompany ( left ) on his return to city . denayer has formed a successful partnership with dutchman virgil van dijk ( left ) at parkhead . ‘ however , hopefully his success will help celtic bring more youngsters in . previously people said you move to england to get international caps . jason and fraser forster showed that’s not the case . ‘ hopefully celtic can say , “ come here and you will progress” and use those examples to attract players . ’ sportsmail revealed earlier this week that hearts captain danny wilson is one central defensive candidate under consideration by celtic as they look a potential additions for next term . ‘ good players attract attention and danny has been playing very well for hearts , ’ said boyd . ‘ he is certainly someone who was very promising as a young boy and is hopefully getting back to that level . ’ the current partnership between denayer and virgil van dijk has formed the foundation of celtic’s bid for the treble – a feat the club last achieved in 2001 when boyd was skipper . manager ronny deila should be able to attract rising youngsters to the hoops , claims tom boyd . celtic are considering a bid for hearts defender danny wilson to shore up their defence . while some will point to the absence of a competitive rangers from the top-flight , the ex-scotland international is adamant a domestic clean sweep this term would be the equal of his achievement under martin o’neill’s management . ‘ a treble this year would stand beside the other three in celtic’s history , ’ said boyd . ‘ you have to beat what is in front of you . ‘ there have only been three in celtic’s history and that tells you how hard it is to achieve it . ‘ if they do get the treble , there should be the same adulation as when my team won it in 2001 and jock stein’s team did it twice . ‘ it would be a fantastic achievement if scott brown was collecting the scottish cup to complete a treble . ‘ the league has been a challenge with aberdeen doing so well , although i think the pressure will eventually tell . ‘ you can’t take away what celtic have achieved so far and sometimes the difficult part of the treble is winning the cups . ‘ celtic have had a terrible record in the league cup over the years and that shows how hard it is . ‘i’d like to see the talking done when they have two in the bag and are preparing for the scottish cup final . ‘ronny’s approach is new . he’s spoken about the treble from the start but it does show the level of confidence he has . ’ former captain boyd insists a treble for celtic this season will equal his own three-way success from 2001 . boyd was speaking at hampden as he launched the search for nominees to be inducted into the scottish football hall of fame . the 49-year-old has a very decent claim himself , but would be delighted if figures who operated behind the scenes were recognised . ‘ professor ( stewart ) hillis , who passed away last year , and other scotland backroom guys who maybe aren’t as well-known would be very deserving of being in there . ‘ jimmy steele is another one who contributed a lot with celtic and the national team - and i think that would be a great gesture if they were inducted . ’ fans can make nominations by logging on to sfmhalloffame.co.uk . inductees will be announced at a hampden dinner on october 18 . 