they say you should never judge a book by it 's cover , and it could n't be more true of the tough looking , full-bodied tattooed english model stephen james hendry . the 24-year-old , better known as simply stephen james , is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry , and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that . he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt , has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at fashion weeks . scroll down for video . not so tough tatts : the supermodel softy says you should n't judge someone by how they look on the outside . sydney stopover : despite a whirlwind visit to sydney , hendry stops to take a stroll in sydney 's hyde park . fan frenzy : since hendry touched down , he has already experienced girls screaming and stalking his hotel . popular with the ladies : girls arrived at the meet and greet eager to snag a photo with hendry . and this week , he has landed down under to start work on a new campaign with windsor smith shoes . the news of his arrival was met with much excitement and hysteria from his australian fans , who make up a hefty chunk of his 498,000 instagram fans . some allegedly have even been following the model to his hotel . ' you just have to take it in your stride to be honest , ' he told daily mail australia . ' like today for example , i just went about doing my modelling job and it just happens to be that you have to deal with it [ the fame ] when it comes up in that moment . ' humbled heart throb : despite rubbing shoulders with madonna , model stephen james remains very humble . the ladies of australia may be in luck if thye manage to catch the busy model 's eye . ' i 'm only recently single - it 's not bad , i 'm having fun , ' he revealed . for hardy , tattoos were never about impressing people or gaining popularity amongst the tatt loving community - he says it 's always been about expression , art and staying grounded . ' they 're all about different experiences and things that have happened in my life . one of my favourite tattoos for example is of morrissey , as i listened to the smiths a lot growing up . ' single and ready to mingle : british supermodel stephen james said he is recently unattached and having fun . when quizzed about the hindu face that covers his torso , hendry admits it comes from a deeply , personal place , despite the ridiculing tongue poking out that might suggest otherwise . ' it 's about a private moment in my life when i needed more balance , ' he said . ' it features symbols from hinduism , with the tridents acting as a symbol of protection . it also reflects mandalas in my head and is a way for me to express it and keep balance . ' he likens it to a guiding spirit in his life , as a sort-of expression of his religion and a constant reminder to keep his sanity grounded . no time to waste : hendry says while fame has happened quickly he plans to just run with it and look back later . ' with fame and all the pressures of having these expectations of being the person you’re meant to be , well this is my own little thing to hide behind . ' and if the humbled heart throb , could n't make girls swoon anymore , he is a big fan of poetry and has portrait tattoos of oscar wilde and artist frida kahlo , not just because he likes them but thinks there 's more to them than a face . ' i 'd rather have a picture of their face , even though frida kahlo has one eyebrow , it 's about liking them for on the inside , not judging about what they 're like on the outside . ' fan girl mania : english supermodel stephen james whose famous for his tattoos has landed in sydney . and while he adds sydney is very cool and suited to his lifestyle , his time here will be brief as he works on a campaign with shoe label windsor smith before jetting off to adelaide - where for lucky south australians he will be doing in-store appearances . while hendry has a busy time ahead of him , he 's excited to just take it and run with it . ' right now everything in my life is happening so quick , in a year i 've become one of the top models and have one of the largest social followings for a model on instagram . but for now i just like to take it in my stride , ' he said . ' maybe when it’s all over i can be like , `` wow ! '' '