the muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a sydney train are ' hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in australia . as nsw police sources told daily mail australia a formal investigation is ' definitely ' under way into wednesday 's incident , friends of hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 painted a picture of the islamic couple as ' committed ' members of the community in brisbane . the family regularly attend the holland park mosque , community spokesman ali kadri said , and they are raising a newborn baby son , mohammad , in the country which they are grateful to call home . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ' isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . scroll down for video . abused on the train : young parents hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , have been described as ' hardworking , honest and kind ' by members of the local islamic community . not going to take it anymore : stacey eden ( pictured ) made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . ' stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... i generally believe that you and many other australian do respect all religions , ' mr bhatti posted . now , in an extraordinary act of gratitude , the brisbane couple 's mosque in holland park has offered ms eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the gold coast for a night and to see their mosque . ms eden , a blood collector for a pathology company who was born and bred in sydney 's eastern suburbs , said she was planning to consider the ' lovely ' offer after the overwhelming wave of international media attention passes . mr bhatti told daily mail australia he was shocked by the ugly incident , which occurred on the airport line train around 1:40pm on wednesday . ' she asked my wife why she was wearing a scarf when it was hot outside - when my wife answered her i thought the woman was asking to be friendly , ' mr bhatti said . ' then she started saying muslims like us are trying to conquer australia and behead everyone here . we were absolutely shocked . ' it was just very disappointing . ' mr bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman , and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home . ' she said all muslims should be kicked out of australia - i tried to calm things down by telling her we love everyone , ' mr bhatti said . he also said his wife was ' very shaken up ' after the incident , to the extent she questioned if it was worth staying in australia . hafeez bhatti , who was racially abused along with his wife on a sydney train , thanked the woman who stood up for them . police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack , which was caught on camera , to come forward . ' stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... i generally believe that you and many other australian do respect all religions , ' mr bhatti said on his facebook account . ' this sort of thing has happened before , but you try to ignore it and the ignorant people behind it ; there are lots of very good people in australian and only a few bad ones , ' he said . ' god bless stacey eden who supported us . ' mr bhatti reached out to ms eden on his facebook page after the story emerged . ' stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... i generally believe that you and many other australian do respect all religions , ' mr bhatti posted . ms eden was scheduled to meet police on friday afternoon and detectives were attempting to contact mr and mrs bhatti . on wednesday afternoon , mr bhatti vented his frustrations with the attack , when he posted : ' once again , victim of racism by an old christian lady . ' he also discussed the events and said it started after the woman touched his wife 's head like she was blessing her , before ' she started her ignorant comments ' . rant : video shows this woman launching into a fiery spray about islam , bringing up beheadings and the marriage of children while berating a muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf . ms eden , who recorded a snippet of the conversation , fired back at the woman in defence of the muslim couple ( above ) : ' have some respect ... what 's that got to do with this poor lady ? ' in her recording of the incident , ms eden is heard fuming : ' she wears it ( her hijab ) for herself , ok ! ' ' she wears it because she wants to be modest with her body , not because of people like you who are going to sit there and disrespect her . ' ms eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ' all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . ms eden was not having a bar of it . ' that is not her doing it . that is a minority of people . not a majority of people ok ? ' it does n't matter what they 're doing ... have some respect , have some respect , ' she said , as the woman continued on her tirade . ' it does n't matter . it does n't matter . what 's that got to do with this poor lady ? what 's that got to do with her ? ' ' she was saying some pretty horrible and hurtful things before i spoke up then as soon i started defending them she stopped ' . the muslim couple told stacey eden ( left , right ) that they were ' very grateful ' for her stand . ' nothing , ' the ranter replied . ' exactly ! ' ms eden fired back . ' you 're the one who started the argument ! ' the woman said . ms eden then instructed the woman to be silent . ' no , you 're the one sitting there saying things under your breath , shut your mouth , simple . ' you shut your mouth , ' the woman replied . ' no , you shut your mouth . you 've got nothing nice to say , do n't say anything , simple . ' ms eden recorded a short snippet of the incident - not the whole alleged tirade - on her phone , ending with the passenger telling her to ' breathe ' . she told daily mail australia the muslim couple and the angry woman alighted the train at sydney international airport . ms eden told daily mail australia the couple alighted the train at sydney international airport . ' i missed my stop because i wanted to stay on and make sure they were ok , ' said ms eden , who was on her way home to mascot . ' i missed my stop because i wanted to stay on and make sure they were ok , ' said ms eden , who was on her way home to mascot . ms eden said the woman was saying ' horrible and hurtful things ' . ' she told me if i was in their country i would have been stoned to death because i was wearing a dress . ' i missed my stop because i wanted to stay on and make sure they were ok , ' said ms eden , who was on her way home to mascot . ' she was saying a lot of things i just got to the point where i had heard enough . ' the muslim couple were ' very grateful ' for her stand , she said . police and sydney trains have not yet received any reports of the incident . the islamophobia register australia group issued a statement praising ms eden 's actions shortly after daily mail australia 's report . ' we are heartened by stacey 's actions - she is a reflection of ' team humanity ' and we hope that her actions inspire others to stand up against racial or religious vilification , ' it said . the group said they were disappointed by the remarks of the woman in the video . ' the sentiments expressed by the woman however sadly form part of the broader false and deeply damaging narrative whereby the criminal actions of groups like daesh [ islamic state ] are extrapolated to all 1.5+ billion muslims ' . the group 's founder , mariam veiszadeh , told daily mail australia incidents of abuse against muslim women were becoming increasingly common . ''i 'm very conscious of ensuring that i have sufficient storage space on my phone to ensure i will be able to record incidents should i either be the victim in an incident ( or a witness ) , ' she said . a hijab-wearing woman told the abc last month she was subject to a physical and verbal assault on a sydney train , with a man allegedly shoulder-charging her and hitting her with his bag and leg . mariam veiszadeh ( pictured ) , a lawyer and public advocate for the rights of muslims , says incidents such as these are increasingly common . ' i 'm very conscious of ensuring that i have sufficient storage space on my phone to ensure i will be able to record incidents should i either be the victim in an incident ( or a witness ) ' mariam has been the target of racist attacks herself . ' it was a fully crowded train but nobody said anything . people were just listening . i know they were scared , ' hina said . as for ms eden , she told daily mail australia she was already overwhelmed by positive comments she had received online , having posted the video just yesterday . ' good on you for sticking up for whats right more people should be doing the same , ' wrote punter rachel lambert . ' well i do n't know you but thank you , thank you for understanding , ' said shahiq sarkar . overwhelming response : ms eden has been bombarded with positive comments since the video appeared online . ' i hope some day when you need help and are boxed in a corner someone as bright as you is there to support you just like you did for those poor souls . ' we really need to look for the best in people and understand that its a few rotten apples who try to spoil the lot . ' all the best wishes for you . ' one comment even asked : ' ru single ? lol ' . do you know more ? daniel.piotrowski @ mailonline.com . 