europe 's oldest mcdonald 's worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues . bill dudley is still ' lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold , flintshire , north wales . ' it helps me stay young and i just keep going , ' said bill , who has worked there for the last nine years . bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrating his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week . great grandfather and second world war veteran bill celebrates his special with fellow employees at mcdonald 's in mold . he joined the team nine years ago after growing ' bored ' pottering around the house . wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald . bill 's special day on wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away . mcdonalds hailed the great-grandfather as ' a real asset ' to the team . ' i did n't expect such a nice surprise , ' bill said . ' but i suppose it 's not every day that you turn 90 . ' i still enjoy working . i come here two days-a-week , which not only gets me out of the house but i honestly love it . bill says his job ' helps me stay young and i just keep going ' . ' everyone is so happy and it 's nice to be part of a happy crowd . mcdonald 's have treated me a bit and thanks to them i will be spending a couple of nights with my wife in beaumaris . ' prior to his current role at mcdonald 's , bill , from connah 's quay , served in the royal navy during the second world war and was presented with the arctic medal by russian premier vladimir putin in 2013 . having worked as a delivery boy at a bakery before war broke out , bill went on to work at shotton steel , spent time as a crane driver and also ran his own taxi firm . the restaurant was adorned with balloons and decorations to mark his birthday yesterday . stewart williams , franchisee of mcdonald 's in mold , where bill still does six-hour shifts on wednesdays and thursdays each week said : ' bill is very well respected and a real asset to us . ' he is fantastic with all the customers who love him . some come in regularly just to see bill . ' bill is a great role model to our younger members of staff . he says they keep him young but he is a real character and an inspiration to everyone . ' we would n't want to be without him and he is welcome to work here as long as he wants . '