a married couple who each follow different religions came up with an unusual approach to raising their children - bringing up each of them in a separate faith . diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion . diane took charge of her daughter , katie , 24 ; while bob took the reins teaching steven , 21 , as they grew up in new hope , pennsylvania . unusual set-up : steven and katie greenberg , above , were raised in separate faiths - steven jewish and katie catholic . katie had a confirmation , attended weekly catholic instruction and remains a committed christian to this day . meanwhile steven was circumcised when he was eight days old , and was given religious lessons in an orthodox hebrew school , nbc 's today show reported . while katie remains christian today , steven is now agnostic . because his mother was not jewish , his father was also unable to arrange a bar mitzvah for him , and admits he was less strict keeping up his religious education than diane was with katie . diane revealed that their approach baffled many close to them . she said : ' i know people have looked at us like we were nuts . together : diane and bob greenberg , above with their children in a 2010 photograph , made the decision even though it baffles many . ' i didn’t really want to tell either one of our families for a long time what we were planning . we kept mum about it to most people but if we did tell friends , they all said we were crazy . ' nonetheless , the greenberg clan think their unorthodox arrangement has its advantages . katie said : ' i don’t know anybody else who did what my parents specifically did , but it was just never strange for me . ' ... we’d go to the jewish side of my family [ on jewish holidays ] and i definitely find comfort in jewish traditions because i grew up with them , but there’s always been a “that’s not my religion '' thing . ' she concluded : ' for me , this was just normal . it wasn’t something that ever struck me as odd . and my parents were very good about it . there was never any pressure from them . it was really just normal for us . i think it made sense for them so we went with it . '