the shocking moment cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train has been caught on camera . during the paris-roubaix race - sir bradley wiggins ' last for team sky - competitors approached a crossing over a train track . but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through , the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals - and putting their lives at risk . scroll down for video . cyclists weave and dodge the safety barriers to gain precious seconds on the race , despite the oncoming train . a tired looking sir bradley wiggins sits in the roubaix velodrome after coming 18th in his final race for sky . a cyclist nips across the track in spite of the police warning - and seconds before a train passes through . the racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise . a policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation and stop more cyclists risking their safety for the race - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing . mere seconds later a tgv rushes along the train tracks . bbc sports commentator rob hayles said the competitors had had a close shave . ' this could have ended in disaster . you could see riders nipping across but that train was n't slowing down ' , he said . around 85km into the race , the cyclists desperately try to cross the traintracks before the barriers descend . sir bradley wiggins took part in the race - renowned for its demanding route - for the last time for team sky . cyclists who did cross the rail-tracks could yet be disqualified from the race , as they are expressly banned from crossing a level crossing when the barriers are down . the one-day road race , which runs from compiègne , 50 miles outside paris , to the northern town of roubaix , was won by german cyclist john degenkolb . the race is known for its challenging 254km route , which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings . it was the last time british tour de france winner sir bradley wiggins would compete for team sky , and told their official site before the race it was a great way to finish . riding in his final race for team sky , the olympic and world time-trial champion failed to win the prestigious paris-roubaix one-day race . ' it 's probably the only race other than the tour de france where riders plug on to get to the finish . he said . ' even if i 've been dropped or crashed , i 'll ride on with a broken collarbone just to come into the velodrome as it 's my last race . no other race would be like that . ' during the race his teammate geriant thomas - who managed to avoid the level crossing incident - suffered a puncture . it was a fitting end for wiggins , who was among the first riders to join team sky for its inaugural season in 2010 . mathias hamar shared the competition rules on twitter - stating that it is ' strictly forbidden ' for cyclists to cross level crossing . offending riders should be disqualified from the competition , the rules add . ' riders plug on to get to the finish ' , sir wiggins said before the race - where cyclists risked life and limb to cross a closed level crossing and beat the pack . this was his final race with team sky . fans created a special sign for sir wiggins , who in 2012 was the first british cyclist to win the tour de france . showing appreciation : fans hold a sign thanking wiggins at the roubaix velodrome at the end of the race .