saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner . the comedian famous for her portrayal of ' girl you wish you had n't started a conversation with at a party ' started off saturday 's fete by saying that ' it feels right to have a woman follow president obama , does n't it ? ' . she continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media , including hillary clinton and nbc at the annual event dubbed the ' nerd prom ' . scroll down for video . cecily strong , ( center ) the saturday night live cast member and host of the white house correspondents dinner , skewered hillary clinton , barack obama and republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech . one of strong 's best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality , when she said obama 's graying hair ' is so white now it can talk back to the police ' . j.mendel floral halterneck mermaid gown . shop the dress at bergdorf goodman . visit site . snl star cecily strong made some pretty funny jokes at the white house correspondents dinner as she pokes fun of washington and even the president . the funny lady 's memorable speech might have stolen the show , but it was her stunning gown that had the wow factor . she donned an expensive j.mendel gown to the formal dinner . a purple floral halter neck gown with a mermaid silhouette that really accentuates cecily 's figure . her dress is available online at bergdorf goodman in orange but comes with a price tag of almost $ 6000 . steal cecily 's look for less with our selection of floral gowns that would not cost an arm or a leg . these gorgeous gowns will come in handy next time you have a formal event to attend . no more last minute gown shopping ! and with prices as low as $ 49 , you 'll still have plenty of cash left to splurge on the accessories and shoes . hoss intropia long dress at yoox ( now $ 49 ) . visit site . eliza j floral halter gown at lord & taylor . visit site . betsy & adam floral-print ombre popover gown at macy 's . visit site . adrianna papell sleeveless floral gown at dillard 's . visit site . ' i took amtrak here . it was way more luxurious than i thought . did you know they have massage seats on there ? all you have to do is sit in front of joe biden , ' she said . she continued lambasting the dc elite by poking fun at the events location , according to nbc . 'it’s an honor to be here at the washington hilton . . . is something a prostitute might say to a congressman . ' ' i bet when the president walked in tonight and saw the bell hops , he probably thought , ‘ finally , some decent security . ’ she pivoted from her joke about recent secret service lapses to speaking about a series of episodes of alleged police brutality toward african-americans . strong said that the president security force is ' the only law enforcement organization in the country that will get in trouble if a black man gets shot . ' she also said that obama 's graying hair ' is so white now it can talk back to the police ' . saying that she ' would never endorse someone i do n't play on snl ' , strong spent much of her speech riffing on the clinton family . the comedian made media outlets assembled promise not to report on hillary clinton 's appearance because it was ' not journalism ' , and poked fun at foreign donation to the clinton foundation . strong said that michelle obama ( left ) was the ' most important person in the room ' , but that her garden would be turned into an above ground pool by bill clinton . 'let’s talk about the most important person in the room , my leader : michelle obama . now michelle , you take care of that garden while you can . in 18 months , you know bill is turning that thing into an above-ground pool ' . after making media outlets promise not to report about hillary 's appearance , strong also said that us 's tense relationship with israel could be fixed if the middle eastern country ' made a generous donation to the clinton foundation ' . republicans eyeing for the presidency in 2016 also came under fire during the annual event , with senator ted cruz being called the exact opposite of obama , ' a canadian latino who will never be president ' . ' jeb bush is probably in the race . the presidential race , not the hispanic race , ' she said , referencing his checking ' hispanic ' on a voter registration form in 2009 . however , the comedian went after other figures beyond politicians , taking shots at the media executives seated in the audience . ' buzzfeed is here , but i could show you a listicle of 17 reasons why they shouldn’t be , ' she said . ' usa today is here , of course , they’re only here because they were slipped under the hotel door . that’s usa today , unless today is saturday or sunday ' . she touched on the media 's biggest scandal over the past year with a quick quip at her own network . ' and what can i say about brian williams ? ” strong asked . ' nothing , because i work for nbc , ' she said .