a prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine is spreading on social media . the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the ' vampire girl ' preys on unsuspecting passers-by . the young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror . pranked : the video sees a ' vampire girl ' prey on unsuspecting late-night walkers in odessa , ukraine . in other scenes she spotted singing a hauntingly horrifying melody , feasting on a fake carcass or chasing her ' victims ' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear . after the video went viral , an odessa television channel tracked down some of the victims seen running for the hills in the clip . alexandr gvozdikov , 21 , said : ' i almost wet myself when i saw her . i was riding an expensive bicycle , but i dropped it and ran off like a madman . ' she was so real , she was my worst nightmare . ' it was not funny at all , and it is not ok to prank people like that . ' scary success : the video showing the ' vampire prank ' has gone viral on social media . friendly face ? the young girl was painted like a demonic ' vampire ' and wore a bloody nightgown . scary : the vampire girl hides her bloody make up as a man walks up to her , appearing concerned . the man behind the prank video andrey yakubovich , told local media : ' nobody has ever done anything like this before in the ukraine , and it was our first scary prank video . ' we were very curious what the reaction from the passers-by would be . ' however , despite the video 's viral success , not all the commentators have been amused . one person pointed out that they film-makers had been lucky that nobody turned violent and punched the child . another said that somebody with a weak heart might not have survived the scare . in one scene , the girl can be seen chasing her ' victims ' through the park holding a blood stained teddy bear . not what it seem : while sitting down with her head bowed , the little girl looks lost and not slightly scary . 