new york is set to officially break ground this week on a ferris wheel that could become the tallest in the world once it is completed in early 2017 . but any reign for the new york wheel would be brief , as dubai started construction a few days ago on a ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher . the humongous attraction on staten island promises stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline , in addition to other new york city boroughs and the neighbouring state of new jersey . planners for the new york wheel said it will offer stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline and other new york boroughs . set near the st george ferry terminal the giant observation wheel will cost an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 for a 38-minute ride . located next to the hudson river the 630ft new york wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time , with one full cycle taking about 38 minutes to complete . it will include mobile bar cars , a 20-seat restaurant , a 4-d ride on the ground and an led light show every night , in addition to alternative energy sources . a shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door . ticket prices will range from an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 ( £17 to £20 ) as new york wheel llc , the company behind the ambitious project , hopes it will join the statue of liberty , empire state building and times square as one of new york’s must-visit attractions . located on the bank of the hudson river the new york wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time . the $ 500million ( £340million ) observation wheel was designed by perkins eastman and eek architects , and is being built by starneth bv , the dutch company which erected the london eye and is overseeing the dubai eye . wil armstrong , president of starneth llc , told mashable that the dubai eye is ahead , but ‘ anything could happen to delay it’ and give new york wheel the lead . dubai’s observation wheel will stand 690ft tall when it is complete , making it the world’s biggest . at 550ft , the current record holder is the high roller in las vegas , followed by the singapore flyer ( 541ft ) , china’s star of nanchang ( 525ft ) , and the london eye ( 443ft ) . the $ 500million observation wheel is being built by starneth bv , the dutch company which erected the london eye . planners hope the new york wheel will join the statue of liberty and empire state building as a top attraction in new york city . the original ferris wheel , built in chicago , was 264ft tall . new york’s giant ferris wheel will be located near the st george ferry terminal , which welcomes an estimated two million tourists every year . planners for the new york wheel believe it will attract more than three million riders every year , and claim it will create about 350 construction and 600 permanent jobs in ticket sales , maintenance and other positions . the company said it is currently in talks with the new york police department and a private security firm to prepare a security plan for the tourist attraction .