a mississippi man is lucky to be alive after a lawn mower shot a three-and-a-half inch metal wire up his nose and into his head . bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was actually a metal fence wire . dr timothy haffey , who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail , said that it miraculously dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries . bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn on april 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity ( above the ct scan showing the wire inside parker 's head ) . parker ( left ) thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to memorial hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire . ' it threw me back a little bit and it hurt real bad , ' parker told the sun herald . ' i felt my face but i did n't feel any disfiguring or anything . i saw blood , so i knew i got a bloody nose . ' after nearly 15 minutes following the incident , he and his fiancee katie heggins decided for him to go to memorial hospital for treatment . a ct scan revealed the metal wire had been shot up his left nostril and was lodged in parker 's sinus cavity beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge . ' had it gone straight up his nose at the rate it was traveling , it could have gone inside his brain , ' heggins told the sun herald . dr haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on parker 's upper lip . ' it was about a nine-centimeter long , rusty piece of metal that went all the way up to his skull base , and it pretty much dodged everything , ' dr haffey told the sun herald . ' once the scan showed that , my job was pretty easy . ' ' he should n't have any long-term effects , ' he added . ' basically , it was a sinus surgery . the problem is this was a rusty piece of metal . ' dr timothy haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery ( left the wire being removed from parker 's nose ) . dr haffey made an incision on parker 's upper lip during the surgery ( pictured right the incision ) . the rusty wire ( above the wire after it was removed during surgery ) dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries , according to dr haffey . following the surgery , parker shared on facebook that he was grateful to be alive as he retold his account of what happened the day before . ' just woke up at memorial hospital . much of yesterday is kind of a blur and lots of it i just do n't remember , ' he wrote . ' always wear protective gear for your face when cutting grass ! ! ! i thought a rock or something flew out and hit me , it felt like getting shot in the face . ' cat scan determined it to be a metallic object in my sinus cavity . ' parker ( above ) is taking antibiotics to prevent infection and said he plans to find someone else to mow his lawn . ' i 'm grateful to be alive . several doctors were completely amazed at what had happened to me and stressed how lucky i really am , ' he continued . ' the metal had somehow made its way through a tangle of really important nerves and arteries and finally rested about a millimeter from both carotid artery and my jugular vein . ' guess it just wasnt my time yet . ' the metal wire was sent to a pathology lab and parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection . he was back at work by wednesday , albeit a little bruised . he said this sunday , he plans to relax with his fiancee and seven-month-old daughter sophia — and find someone else to mow his lawn .