star wars : rogue one , starring felicity jones , which is slated for release in december 2016 . the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ' rogue one , ' fans learned at star wars celebration on sunday . gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ' star wars ' saga . ' for more than 1,000 generations , the jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic . before the dark times . before the empire , ' says alec guinness as obi wan kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977 's star wars : a new hope . while the ominous words so familiar to millions fans are delivered the camera tracks to show a ghostly death star hovering in the clouds . at the screening , audience members were heard to gasp when guinness spoke and then whoop when the death star came into view . set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the ' star wars ' saga , the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans and ' bring a new hope , ' referring to the subtitle of the original ' star wars . ' at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one # rogueone . preview : fans at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california were able to view a preview of the first star wars spin-of entitled rogue one . more to come : the star wars website released this twitter describing the storyline for the film , which is described as an anthology movie adding to the star wars universe . december 2016 : the film is set after episode iii and before episode iv , added director gareth edwards added that his film wo n't have clear-cut villains and heroes . felicity jones , who recently garnered an oscar nomination for her role in ' the theory of everything ' is the only confirmed cast member for the film , which will shoot in london this summer for a december 2016 release . jones will play a rebel soldier , the director said . lucasfilm president kathleen kennedy appears on the cantina set at star wars celebration : the ultimate fan experience held in anaheim last week . edwards said that her character will not just be a stoic soldier , but a complex , fully rounded human . ' we wanted to see fear , warmth , all of those aspects that everybody has , ' he said , excited that jones embodies ' the complete package . ' in the world of ' rogue one , ' edwards said the ' absence of jedi is omnipresent . ' the characters in the film realize that the ' gods are not coming to save us , ' he said . ' it comes down to a group of people who do n't have magical powers who band together to bring hope to the galaxy . ' ' cinderella ' scribe chis weitz wrote the screenplay based on an idea from visual effects supervisor john knoll . josh trank , who is set to direct the next , still untitled ' star wars ' anthology film , did not attend the event although he was originally scheduled to appear . the idea for the film came from award-winning visual effects artist john knoll , who pitched the idea internally before bringing it to kathleen kennedy and lucasfilm 's kiri hart . hart , vice president of development for lucasfilm , said that the anthology films will vary in ' scale and genre . ' she added that they are describing them as ' anthology films ' that expand the star wars universe without necessarily using the main characters . ' we wanted freedom to do some films that would be able to stand on their own and tell unique stories , ' she said . ' they can still feel like `star wars ' and be `star wars . ' talented : the upcoming standalone movie will be directed by gareth edwards of ' godzilla ' fame . coming soon : rogue one starts shooting this summer , and will be released in december of 2016 .