manchester city 's grip on the barclays premier league title was loosened further after a controversial glenn murray goal put crystal palace on the way to a 2-1 victory . murray fired palace ahead in the first half , despite both he and scott dann appearing to be offside , and jason puncheon crashed in a superb second to deal what looks to be a fatal blow to city 's already slim hopes of retaining their crown . the fading champions pulled one back through yaya toure but are now nine points adrift of leaders chelsea , having slipped to fourth place . crystal palace striker glenn murray ( left ) celebrates after opening the scoring against manchester city . crystal palace ( 4-1-4-1 ) julian speroni 7 . made two good saves of david silva efforts in the first half and marshalled his defence well . joel ward 6 . has not been out of team all season , made his 100th appearance last night and was reliable as always . scott dann 6.5 . phil neville thinks he’s up there with the best centre backs in the division . certainly underrated on the evidence of this game , he made a few vital interceptions and played part in the goal . manchester city appealed for offside but murray 's first-half goal stood on monday night . damien delaney 6 . picked up a booking for cutting down aguero but otherwise solid . martin kelly 6 . a lovely low ball into the penalty area in the second minute to almost set up a palace goal if zaha could have converted . joe ledley 6.5 . put his body on the line to resist a city onslaught in the first half . james mcarthur 8 . a superb , full hearted performance by the midfielder who made several vital clearances . joe hart appeals to the officials as murray celebrates after putting palace ahead . wilfried zaha 6.5 . should have put palace ahead in the second minute but sliced shot high and wide of the target . yannick bolasie 6 . might not be renowned for his defending but made an excellent first half tackle on yaya toure when the midfielder looked ominous . jason puncheon 7.5 . his curling free kick to double palace’s lead was superb , worked tirelessly and made an important first half tackle on toure . glenn murray 8.5 . against the run of play does not do justice to his 35th minute tap in but it was his fifth in as many games and he was a constant threat in the air , too . very lucky to get away with a blatant handball . subs . sanogo 83 , souare 84 and gayle 88 . manager . alan pardew 8 . is making newcastle’s decision to get rid of him seem even more ridiculous with every passing game . set up his side to defend deep and try do some damage on the counter attack . 19 points from 10 games . manchester city midfielder yaya toure ( right ) hammers home the equaliser . manchester city ( 4-4-2 ) joe hart 6 . was tested just once in the opening half . bacary sagna 6.5 . right back 300th premier league appearance . vincent kompany 6 . seemed distracted by feelings of injustice after the palace goal which he deemed to be offside . city striker sergio aguero could not find a way through a steadfast palace defence . martin demichelis 6 . rightly booked for a hefty challenge on glenn murray . gael clichy 5.5 . he and sagna struggled to deal with the pace of bolasie and zaha and offered little in attack . jesus navas 5 . another game where too many of his passes routinely went astray and replaced by nasri before the toure goal . will have to reassess his pre-match comment that city were still title contenders . fernandinho 6 . made a senseless and unnecessary challenge on glenn murray to give away the free kick which led to the second goal . city midfielder fernandinho failed to sparkle at selhurst park . yaya toure 7 . was quiet in the opening half and twice prompted wolf whistles with his shots high into the stands at selhurst park but his goal was an absolute scorcher . david silva 7.5 . city’s best man , hungry for the ball and characteristically intelligent passing . forced a couple of saves from speroni in the first half . edin dzeko 5 . a quiet game for the striker who seemed furious at his manager at being replaced by lampard after 66 minutes but surely he could have no complaints ? the pressure is mounting on manchester city manager manuel pellegrini . sergio aguero 6 . expert at finding space in a crowded penalty box and hit the post in the first half , just could not find a way through a steadfast palace defence . subs . lampard 66 - 5.5 , nasri 77 and milner 88 . manager . manuel pellegrini 5 . manchester’s premier home removal firms might look to clear some space in their diary around the end of may because surely his time at the etihad is limited . referee . michael oliver 5.5 . a mixed game for the youngest referee in the barclay’s premier league . he does not lack cojones , backing up his linesman who was probably right to rule scott dann and glenn murray onside for the goal and dealt well with the excessive protestations of city players . but he missed an obvious glenn murray handball in the second half . samir nasri gives a thumbs up despite manchester city 's 2-1 defeat at palace . 