unruly : rick yoes , 57 ( pictured ) , spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $ 1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn . a 57-year-old man in texas was jailed this weekend after nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn came back to haunt him . but grand prairie resident rick yoes claims the city did n't do enough to warn him about the citations , which officials claim were sent out in the mail . yoes , an electrician at tarrant county college , was shocked when he received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $ 1,700 and that there was a warrant out for his arrest . issues yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long , overhanging tree limbs , a dilapidated wood fence , an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard , and a dirty swimming pool . ' i can’t really afford to pay a lawyer to fight it , ' yoes told cbs dallas/fort worth . ' i couldn’t really afford to pay them $ 1,700 in fines that he said i owed him . i didn’t know what else to do i just turned myself in . ' yoes turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine to secure his release . daughter angel yoes told the fresno people 's media that when her father received the warning , he took off all his vacation days at work and found a replacement so that he could serve 17 days in prison rather than pay the fine . father and daughter say they 've had issues with code enforcement in the past , but have tried to keep the yard up to standard when the previously received warnings . however , yoes claims he did n't know about the six violations he was confronted with recently . scroll down for video . let it grow : the city of grand prairie says they tried several times to reach out to yoes over the years , but that the man refused to keep his lawn up to code . above , yoes ' home in grand prairie . too long : above , another view of yoes ' lawn from bing . among the issues with yoes ' lawn were overhanging branches long enough to hit a passing truck . repeat offender : above , a picture of yoes ' lawn on one of the dozens of visits code enforces have taken to his property since 1996 . upset : yoes says the city did n't do enough to warn him of the mounting fines for his lawn . pictured on the left in a photo posted to his facebook . following yoes ' stint behind bars , city officials released a list of yoes ' violations on his coffeyville trail home and insisted that they had given him plenty of warning to get his yard up to code and avoid fines . ' unfortunately , since 2014 , he has not responded to our repeated requests to jointly solve the problems , which has forced us to ultimately cite him for the violations , ' the city said in a statement . ' our municipal courts are always amenable to work with citizens on a suitable plan for unpaid citations , but this citizen chose not to take advantage of that opportunity , either . ' officer mark beseda of the grand prairie police department added : ' i can assure you our city would never simply place a citizen in jail for failing to mow their grass . ' in an interview with wfaa , yoes claims he never got any letters from the city for the citations . ' i assume they probably mailed me something ; never landed in my hands , ' yoes said . ' if they sent me certified mail , i do n't pick certified mail up . ' but in another interview with cbs , yoes tells a different story , saying he received the letters but never opened them because he thought they had to do with another legal matter . he says he 's upset with the system the city uses to send out citations . ' when you get a traffic ticket the officer brings you the ticket , ' yoes said . ' so there’s no question so that you know that this is what happened . that never happened here . ' 