amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the ' one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . brook , who defeated jo jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month , immediately challenged khan in a post-fight interview but the bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30 , with his opponent yet to be confirmed . khan has reiterated his intention to take on brook within the next 12 months , although he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him . amir khan ( left ) , pictured during his last fight against devon alexander , has blasted kell brook 's motives . brook ( right ) shakes hands with british superbike champion shane byrne at donington park on tuesday . in an interview with ifl tv , khan said : ' he 's only faced one decent opponent in his whole career , so he has no room to talk . it seems to me that he 's just calling me out for that one big payday . ' if he keeps going on like this , that one big payday fight for him will never happen because at the end of the day , he 's just trying to win fans over by mentioning my name when he knows that i ca n't fight then because of ramadan . ' and he 's putting down my opponents , who are still better opponents than his opponents , like jo jo dan , who should be called no no dan , to be honest with you , because end of day , he 's not done anything in his career . ' khan had announced a fight with chris algieri next month but he has now backtracked on that , claiming that there are ' some more options on the table ' . khan has now denied that he will face chris algieri next month , claiming there are ' some more options ' . chris algieri lost every round to manny pacquiao when he took on the filipino star last november . brook is desperate to fight khan but his fellow brit rejected the chance to face him at wembley in june . a £5million clash with brook at wembley on june 13 was also an option but khan rejected the offer as he will not fight during ramadan because of his islamic faith . he added : ' like i said , this algieri fight , if it happens , it 's making me a lot of money ; money that kell brook 's not seen . that 's why he 's probably dying . amir 's making millions when he 's not even seen his first million . ' there 's classes in boxing . there 's fighters in boxing who are the a-class fighters , the likes of manny pacquiao and mayweather , who talk about and mention and say they know who amir khan is . ' when it comes to kell brook , who knows kell brook in america ? which fighter , apart from shawn porter , knows kell brook ? mayweather and manny pacquiao do n't know who kell brook is , so i do n't know what he 's going on about trying to say he 's a big name . ' kell brook 's going on like he 's the next guy to fight mayweather when he 's not even a big ticket seller . he might be big in his own backyard in sheffield , but other than sheffield , no-one knows him . brook is hoping to fight khan within the next 12 months as he looks to extend his unbeaten streak . khan claims that brook is not even a big name in the uk and is not able to face the world 's biggest names . ' the way he 's tried to come across to the us public is like he 's a super-big name in the uk . he 's not a big name in the uk . ' and khan insists that he is not avoiding brook , even though the fight will be of greater benefit to the sheffield-born star . ' look , do i need the fight against kell brook ? , ' said khan . ' i make a lot of money regardless if i fight kell brook . ' i will make a lot of money in this sport and i 've made a lot of money in this sport of boxing . kell brook needs me to make that big money . ' without me , he 'll never make that big money unless he goes out and fights the top guys like pacquiao , mayweather , and marquez , but i ca n't see him fighting those guys because he 's always scared to get beat by them and lose his title . ' 