a british-born street artist is taking a bold stand against american culture in his most recent piece currently on display across los angeles . this week , artist plastic jesus put up seven ' no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose . plastic jesus told the hollywood reporter that he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down melrose avenue a few weeks ago . london-born street artist plastic jesus erected several ' no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week - including one right outside the kardashian sister 's clothing store dash . plastic jesus says he got the idea while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a kardashian shopping on the street . the kardashian family pictured above attending easter celebrations at a church in calabasas , california on april 5 . he says traffic came to a complete halt when one of the kardashian sisters walked out of a storefront and paparazzi swarmed to grab a picture . plastic jesus remembers thinking ' how has this become a news event ? ' ' the kardashian family has become ingrained in our culture , ' he said . ' we 've allowed mainstream media to become so profit-driven , we are sacrificing genuine news stories to satiate our vapid celebrity obsessions . ' ' i guarantee that same number of paparazzi was far greater than any number of photographers chasing real news . ' after the incident on melrose , plastic jesus thought up an idea to draw attention to the obsession with reality tv stars . ' the kardashian family has become ingrained in our culture . we 've allowed mainstream media to become so profit-driven , we are sacrificing genuine news stories to satiate our vapid celebrity obsessions , ' plastic jesus said . plastic jesus says the stunt was not meant to target the kardashians specifically but the reality tv star obsession in general . plastic jesus has been compared to street artist banksy for his graffiti in l.a . he received attention recently for spraying signs that read ' stop making stupid people famous ' around the town and for a touching tribute to robin williams following the actor 's death . anonymous : above , a picture of the street artist posted to his instagram page . however , plastic jesus says the signs are n't meant to single out the kardashian family specifically , but rather the whole world of reality television . ' these signs are intended to be a practical joke and cause amusement . i hope the kardashians will see the funny side of it . i do n't have a problem with them , ' he told the new york daily news . plastic jesus has been compared to street artist banksy for his graffiti in l.a . he received attention recently for spraying signs that read ' stop making stupid people famous ' around the town and for a touching tribute to robin williams following the actor 's death . he was also behind an installation on hollywood boulevard , showing an oscar statue snorting cocaine . for his next project , plastic jesus is considering tackling the topic of california 's crippling drought . 