she recently revealed her then boyfriend jerry o'connell ' flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago . and photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned . the television personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004 . scroll down for video . former flame : giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june of 2004 . the other woman : also in attendance at the event was actress rebecca romijn . giuliana looked perfectly content to pose with the actor , but jerry 's attention seemed to be elsewhere as he appeared to be rather distracted . the blonde beauty was flying solo to the event as she had announced her separation with actor john stamos just two months prior . however she appeared to be still sporting the ring on her wedding finger as she showed off her model frame in a black ensemble . her divorce with the full house star was made official march 2005 . juicy : in her new book the 40-year-old television presenter revealed that jerry was ' talking up rebecca as a prelude to feeling up rebecca ' , as he appeared to be a bit distracted while the couple posed for pictures . in an excerpt of her upcoming memoir titled going off script obtained by page six , giuliana dishes the details of jerry and rebecca 's rather scandalous meeting . ' little did i know he was in the vip area , talking up rebecca . as a prelude to feeling up rebecca , ' she wrote . following his encounter with the x-men actress at the party , jerry became unreachable , and giuliana decided to talk to him face-to-face at his residence . newly single : rebecca was all alone at the event as she had just announced her separation to actor john stamos just two months prior , but appeared to still be wearing the wedding ring . beautiful in black : it was no wonder that jerry was enchanted with the x-men actress at the event as she showed off her model figure in a dark ensemble . there , the actor flippantly dumped her : ' nope . sorry , homegirl ... things change , but you take care , ok ? ' jerry and rebecca went on to marry in 2007 and have two children together . this all happened after a prior incident of the jerry maguire star 's infidelity as she detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry , who she first met in san diego . their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when giuliana discovered jerry had been cheating on her with geri halliwell , aka ginger spice . still together : jerry married rebecca in 2007 ; here the couple are pictured in february in los angeles . the e ! star wrote of the affair : ' i was being two-timed for one of the lesser spices ? ' jerry 's apology did not exactly impress the tv star . ' '' yeah , i know . i’m so sorry . i do n't know what happened . '' he had as much emotion as the customer-service representative who tells you your bags missed the flight , ' she penned . he sure was busy : jerry also had a fling with geri halliwell from the spice girls ; here she is pictured far left with her band mates victoria beckham , emma bunton , mel b and mel c . giuliana ended up giving jerry another shot , which was followed by the events at the maxim party with the former sports illustrated cover girl . while giuliana 's love life is now going strong with husband bill rancic , the actress has now found herself putting out another fire . just a month earlier the now 40-year-old star stirred up controversy when she commented on fashion police that zendaya smelled of ' patchouli oil ' or ' weed ' when she arrived to the oscars with dreadlocks . love at last : giuliana has been married to the apprentice winner bill rancic since 2007 - here the couple are pictured in october in los angeles . on monday , giuliana - who looked fantastic with a bubble gum pink lace top that was paired with a high-waisted white peplum skirt - appeared on the talked to thetoday show to talk about the incident . ' i made a reference to the hippie culture . i talked about patchouli oil , which is a hippie perfume . and in the editing process , some of the gestures i made , some of the things i said were taken out for time , ' the beauty said . ' i made peace signs , i said `` bohemian '' twice - those were taken out for time . ' dishing the details : she looked fantastic while leaving the trump international hotel in new york city on monday , just a day before release of her new tell-all going off script , which details romance with jerry .  pink lady : the tv personality was hard to miss with her bubble gum pink top and white peplum skirt . burberry long heritage trench coat . click to buy it now ! visit site . they say your clothes can tell a thousand stories and that certainly seems to be the case with giuliana latest ensemble . the e ! presenter looked defiantly optimistic in this colourful look , rocking a fuchsia dress with a fluted hem with white louboutins . giuliana finished off the look effortlessly with a burberry trench slung over her shoulders . after the zendaya controversy she 's been embroiled in recently , this outfit seemed to shrug off the negativity in style . we love this trench in particular - a classic burberry number , this chic cover-up will never go out of style and is synonymous with timeless fashion . slung over your shoulders like giuliana or wrapped up and belted , this outerwear will truly stand the test of time ! click right to snap it up now , or head to our edit below for similar picks . from karen millen to vero moda we 've got all budgets covered . vila classic trench coat at asos . visit site . vero moda vmfame trench coat at nelly.com . visit site . michael michael kors trench coat at zappos . visit site . dorothy perkins crepe trench coatv ( now reduced to $ 44 ) . visit site . saying her piece : the e ! star aired her side of the fashion police controversy in an interview with today . ' so when the joke aired , some people were offended by it . i find racism reprehensible . i do n't tolerate it at all . nor have i ever . ' ' i thought that the joke was not edited in a proper way . and that 's just something i have to live with . ' giuliana 's new tell-all , going off script , will be available for purchase on april 7 . busy day : later on monday , giuliana continued promoting her upcoming book as she made an appearance at the linkedin studios in new york city on monday . costume change : she donned a much more business chic look as she wore a sheer navy and white blouse , black ankle trousers and matching leather heels . coming soon : giuliana 's new tell-all , going off script , will be available for purchase on april 7 .