nestled in eastern long island is a sleepy little town called yaphank where the streets have cozy names like oak and park , names that hide a dark past : they once bore signs like hitler and goebbels streets . yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich . in fact , it was largely founded as a nazi camp , one of several scattered across the u.s. , where the children in the german american bund ( aka american nazis ) could fish , swim , hunt and learn about things like eugenics . scroll down for video . nazi camp : yaphank , long island was once home to a camp for nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics . camp siegfried was founded by the american nazi group , the german american bund . the group set up pro-nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations , teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors . today , yaphank is still a town on long island . missing now , though , are the homes with swastikas built into the brick work and hedges , pro-hitler parades and , of course , the nazi camp . that camp was founded in 1935 by friends of new germany , writes dangerousminds.net . that group went on to become the german american bund . the bund in yaphank , as it did in similar communities in pennsylvania , wisconsin and new jersey , organized military demonstrations where they waved both the american and nazi flags . in an article published in the long island history journal , stony brook university historian ryan shaffer describes a typical day at camp siegfried thusly : ' locals from yaphank , jamesport , aquebogue , and riverhead visited the camp to drink beer , join in the festive atmosphere walking or driving down hitler street to salute american and nazi flags . ' shaffer writes that ' support for nazi germany in the united states was a unique blend of german and american ideology rather than just a foreign import . ' however , members had to be aryan and were united in their belief that those with german blood would lead america into a ' new era . ' adolf hitler street : yaphank once had streets named adolf hitler , goebbels and goering as well as berliner and hamberger . most of the names have since been changed , but the county still retains the original maps . swastika hedge : gone now , too , are the swastikas that once adorned the lawns and buildings of the camp and town . ' locals from yaphank , jamesport , aquebogue , and riverhead visited the camp to drink beer , join in the festive atmosphere walking or driving down hitler street to salute american and nazi flags , ' notes stony brook university historian ryan shaffer . in the years leading to america joining the allies , the fbi and new york police started to keep an eye on the bund in yaphank . photos that only recently became available were mainly taken by new york police and can be viewed here . the fbi once noted that yaphank contained 150 to 300 children who ' used to wear a uniform like that of the hitler youth in germany . ' things fell apart for the bund in 1941 after the u.s. declared war on germany and open support of hitler became criminal . the bund 's leader fritz julius kuhn was imprisoned for tax evasion and embezzling and the group faded into obscurity . in yaphank , camp siegfried was shut down and taken over by the german-american settlement league , which still runs it today , according to untappedcities.com . the park is apparently for private use only . a german american settlement league sign reads ' private community -- members and guests only . ' the street names like hitler , goebbels and goering have gone . adolf hitler street is now park street , goering is now oak and goebbels is northside avenue . nazi salute : in the run-up to 1941 , the fbi and nypd kept close tabs on the bun . the fbi once noted the yaphank had 150 to 300 children who ' used to wear a uniform like that of the hitler youth in germany ' .  