the reserve deputy who shot a suspect dead after firing his gun instead of his taser was investigated in 2009 over his questionable training and erratic behavior in the field . robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris , who was killed during a botched sting on april 2 . since the incident there have been allegations bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior , he told them he could do whatever he wanted . scroll down for video . heading to court : robert bates , left , is seen walking to court on tuesday morning with his attorney corbin brewster , right , before he entered his not-guilty plea in the death of eric harris earlier this month . ' mistake ' : the 73-year-old reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on april 2 . in 2009 , the tulsa sheriff 's office concluded after an internal investigation that bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy , cbs news reports . the investigation found that other deputies raised concerns about bates ' behavior in the field , almost from the start of his tenure . he was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops . the inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy . dan smolen , the attorney for eric harris , claimed that if the investigation 's findings had been acted on in 2009 harris might still be alive . he told cbs news : ' i think there are so many people who look on at so much corruption it 's more than just a couple of people . ' charged : bates ( left in his mug shot ) shot harris ( pictured right ) and faces four years in prison if convicted . a spokesman for the tulsa sheriff acknowledged that some type of internal review was conducted , but that there was no further action taken . sheriff stanley glanz said this week he believes that bates received his required training . bates , a tulsa county volunteer , shot harris , 44 , after the man was confronted during an undercover gun-sale operation and ran past him . video of the incident shows bates chasing after harris . in an attempt to subdue him , bates went to grab his taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . in the disturbing clip , which was released by the sheriff 's office , bates can be heard shouting ' taser ! taser ! ' when the gunshot goes off , he says : ' i shot him ! i 'm sorry . ' the fatally-wounded father can be heard saying : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man ' before adding : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ! ' earlier this week the harris family expressed their anger after learning that retired insurance executive bates , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , would be allowed to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas . a statement released by the family read : ' whether intended or not , mr. bates ' vacationing in the bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and eric 's life , ' they said . shooting : this photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in tulsa earlier this month . harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . terrified : the fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies ( pictured ) , says : ' oh my god , he shot me ! he shot me ! he shot me , man . ' he then adds : ' oh , my god . i 'm losing my breath ' . ' at a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , mr. bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege . ' it is not clear when he is leaving for the holiday but bates will next appear in court on july 2 . he has previously visited the bahamas with the sheriff , stanley glanz , and another reserve deputy and paid for part of glanz 's trip . in separate news conferences on monday , the county sheriff and lawyers for harris ' family disagreed on whether the reserve officer should have been allowed to conduct police work . sheriff stanley glanz said bates , his long-time insurance agent and former campaign manager , had been properly trained and passed annual firearms certifications required by the state . dan smolen , the lawyer for harris ' family , said the tulsa county sheriff 's office violated a number of its internal policies by letting bates carry his personal handgun after training with another weapon . smolen also said the department failed to keep a permanent record of bates ' training , in violation of local policies . records bates released during the weekend showed that the volunteer officer was trained on a .45 , not the weapon used in harris ' death . bates , who sold his insurance business for $ 6 million in 1999 , was trained to be a tulsa police department patrolman in 1964 but left in 1965 . he was out of law enforcement for 35 years , returning for volunteer work in florida in 2000 before joining the tulsa county force in 2008 and making a number of donations to the agency . he also was glanz 's campaign manager during the 2012 election . anger : harris ' son aidan fraley ( pictured right with his uncle andre harris a week after his father 's death ) , has said the police officers who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . confusion : an image shows a taser and a handgun similar to the weapons bates was carrying . he mistakenly thought he was holding a taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot eric harris . during an appearance on the today show last week , he apologized to harris ' family . ' first and foremost let me apologize to the family of eric harris , ' he said . ' i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that i regret ... i still ca n't believe it happened . ' he also insisted that , despite keeping his gun and taser on different parts of his uniform , it was easy to confuse the two . ' this has happened a number of times around the country , i have read about it in the past , ' bates said . ' i thought to myself after reading several cases , ' i do n't understand how this can happen ' . you must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' harris ' son responded by saying that the volunteer deputy was too old to be on the police force . ' he should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' aidan fraley said , nbc reported . during an appearance on the today show last week , bates apologized to harris ' family .