these are the unbelievable scenes captured on a police car dashcam when a man drove at 80 miles per hour in a bid to escape arrest . yassir ali , 29 , of no-fixed-abode , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham at 3.45pm on february 22 after officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen . the camera footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat . scroll down for video . the bmw drives recklessly through birmingham , crossing over to the wrong side of the road against traffic . the police car struggles to keep up with the bmw after it flies through several red lights . the passenger stands in front of the police squad car while ali speeds off . the man attempts to block the squad car while ali tries to escape at break-neck speeds . after a few seconds , the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the bmw 1 series . the 29-year-old then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of the road , narrowly missing oncoming traffic . the dramatic chase happened as school children left their classrooms on their way home . yassir ali , pictured , was jailed for 14 monts for dangerous driving following the high-speed car chase through birmingham in february . ali flew through several junctions , ignoring red lights and pulling onto the wrong side of the road in a desperate attempt to avoid capture . the police squad car tries to keep up with ali , but on several occasions was forced to slow down because of the danger posed to other road users . the dashcam footage shows that roads were very wet at the time of the chase and it was raining fairly heavily . eventually the police were able to arrest ali after he lost control of the car as he tried to swerve around a line of traffic and got stuck between a bollard and the front of a shop . ali was jailed at birmingham crown court for 14 months for dangerous driving . pc neal drew , from the central motorway policing group , said : ' ali 's actions that day were completely unacceptable and by driving the way he did he put innocent members of the public at risk . ' we take this kind of dangerous driving extremely seriously and that has been reflected in the lengthy sentence handed down by the courts . ' at some stages during the chase , the bmw touched 80 miles an hour despite the rain and other traffic . ali lost control of the car and got it stuck on a bollard outside a shop , right , where he was arrested . ali 's friend stood in front of the police car to prevent it from chasing after the suspicious sliver bmw . police pull over the bmw 1 series in birmingham on february 22 on suspicion of it being stolen .