the parents of a six-year-old girl who were traveling home from a screening of fast and furious 7 were killed when a drunk driver allegedly sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car . tiffany sical , 21 , and her long-term boyfriend bryan rodriguez-solis , 23 , were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , on sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend . but they were killed when 24-year-old joel norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car , leaving their daughter , jaylene rodriguez , an orphan . now , norman , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting , and two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting , police said . scroll down for video . victims : tiffany sical ( left ) , 21 , and her boyfriend , bryan rodriguez-solis ( right ) , 23 , were killed in the early hours of sunday when a drunk driver sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car , police said . wreckage : the couple were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , when joel norman allegedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car ( pictured after the crash ) . film : sical and rodriguez-solis had been watching furious 7 , the latest installment in the fast and the furious franchise . above , a scene from the film , starring paul walker ( second right ) , who died in a car crash in 2013 . the horror car crash comes nearly a year and a half after the fast and the furious star paul walker was killed aged 40 when the porshe he was traveling in crashed in california in 2013 . the actor , who was a passenger in the car , plays a central role in the franchise 's final installment , furious 7 . his work in the film was completed using digital technology and a series of stand-ins . in the seconds leading up to sunday 's incident , norman drove his nissan maxima on to the east off-ramp near the providence place mall at around 1.35am , officials told the providence journal . he then traveled a staggering 1.2 miles west , before crashing head-on into sical and rodriguez-solis 's honda , which was in the left lane , it is alleged . the impact completely wrecked the vehicle . emergency crews rushed to the scene and sical was pronounced dead . rodriguez-solis , who lived with sical and jaylene in central falls , was taken to hospital , where he was also declared dead . the couple , who were high school sweethearts , had been on a date night watching furious 7 in warwick . they were both wearing seat belts at the time of the crash , according to turnto10.com . tragic : sical is pictured smiling with the couple 's six-year-old daughter , jaylene , who has been left orphaned . arrest : now , norman ( left ) , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting , and two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting . right , the victims . also damaged : in the seconds leading up to sunday 's incident , norman drove his nissan maxima on to the east off-ramp near the providence place mall at around 1.35am . above , the suspect 's nissan following the crash . after troopers noticed that norman , whose car sustained serious damage , was acting intoxicated at the scene , they asked him to take a breathalyzer test , the news site reported . however , he refused . this prompted rhode island state police to obtain a warrant to draw his blood , which was later sent off for evaluation . the test results are pending and norman remains in custody on $ 100,000 bail . on monday , rodriguez-solis ' father , arnulfo rodriguez , speaking through a family member , told the providence journal that he nor his relatives knew how to tell little jaylene that her parents are dead . meanwhile , sical 's best friend , maria carrillo , described the couple as ' high school sweethearts ' who had met at the metropolitan regional career and technical center and were generous and positive . family : emergency crews rushed to the scene and sical ( pictured in a facebook photo with her daughter , jaylene ) was pronounced dead . rodriguez-solis was taken to hospital , where he was also declared dead . scene : the couple were both wearing seat belts at the time of the crash on route 6 ( pictured ) , rhode island . sical , a sales associate at bob 's discount furniture in attleboro , and her boyfriend , a manager at spike 's junkyard dogs in cranston , had apparently spoken about getting married this summer . the couple 's loved ones have now set up a gofundme page to raise money for jaylene 's future . at the weekend , furious 7 raced to the top of the domestic box office , picking up a massive $ 143.6 million on its opening two days - and establishing a new high-water mark for the month of april . the film , which blew past the $ 95 million debut of captain america : the winter soldier , now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise . it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history . norman , from webster , is scheduled to appear at providence district court on june 12 . celebrity death : the horror car crash comes nearly a year and a half after the fast and the furious star paul walker ( seen in furious 7 ) died aged 40 when the porshe he was traveling in crashed in california in 2013 . demolished : the acclaimed actor , who was a passenger in the car ( pictured after the crash ) , plays a central role in furious 7 . his work in the film was completed using digital technology and a series of stand-ins . 