looking at jourdan dunn , no one would ever think that the 5ft 11in supermodel has ever had confidence issues . the london-born beauty is the new face of maybelline new york , she was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star , and also the first black model to walk for prada in a decade . but the 24-year-old has now revealed that as a teenager her life was made a misery by cruel bullies who taunted her for her striking looks to the extent that she felt physically ill . scroll down for video . jourdan dunn has revealed in an interview that she was severely bullied at school , which led to her suffering from incredibly low self-esteem . in an interview with the times , jourdan said she was often picked on from primary school until secondary school when the situation was so bad she had to be home-schooled . ' i did n't want to leave the house , ' she remembered . she added : ' i did n't want to look in the mirror . i would feel physically sick . i hated being me . ' i hated going to school . i already did n't like the way i looked and now people were making me feel bad . ' as a result , the teenager began skipping school , which led to her being home-schooled for a while . the supermodel was famously scouted at the sunglasses counter of primark in hammersmith , at just 15 . the 24-year-old supermodel has defied her bullies ' expectations by becoming a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway - walking for the likes of balmain , fashion for relief and topshop unique ( pictured left to right ) . the model used to feel ' physically sick ' looking in the mirror when she was being bullied . now she walks for the likes of victoria 's secret ( pictured in 2013 's show ) . in the interview , dunn revealed that even after she was scouted , she still had to deal with being hurtfully rejected - now because of the colour of her skin . she has since criticised the fashion industry for the scarcity of black models . she became the first black model to secure a solo british vogue cover star this year since naomi campbell 's last cover on the fashion bible in 2002 - 13 years ago . she explained : ' it 's hard for black girls . ' a lot do give up , because if you do n't have an agency who is going to push you , you are just there doing nothing and having to deal with all the rejection . ' despite dealing with prejudice - which extended to being backstage at a show , where make-up artists and hairdressers could not cater to her skin tone - she persevered . jourdan dunn was the first black model to walk for prada at milan fashion week in a decade ( pictured for spring/summer 2011 ) . dunn has openly criticised the fashion industry for its lack of black models and widespread racism . jourdan dunn 's cut out black dress . parade those pins ! one word : wow . here jourdan dunn is showing us how a black dress can be a real show stopping piece as arrives at the elle style awards in this achingly simple , yet totally effective number . with cut out side accents , a plunge neck and a super short mini skirt cut , this dress is anything but boring . it 's sexy , but brilliantly dramatic too thanks to that floor-sweeping train . the right dress will always inspire visceral feelings so if you want enjoy a rush of power at your next special soiree why not shop jourdan 's look below ? versatility is vital when working the lbd and tehse stunning styles are all contemporary takes on the classic . wear yours with a killer heel and a plum lip for a vampy , after-dark finish . solace london backless maxi dress at asos . visit site . aq/aq cut out maxi dress . visit site . chicnova sexy backless slim fit land reaching dress . visit site . missguided lace insert split side maxi dress . visit site . ' i feel like , i owe it to other little black girls and other ethnic-looking girls to carry this on . you know what ? it is hard but i had to , like , get over it , ' she said . the interview with the times 's saturday magazine , she revealed that it 's been anything but a straight road . she was 18 when she got pregnant , with her son , riley , now five . shortly after he was born , riley 's father was sent to prison for cocaine possession , and jourdan was left to raise riley on her own , with the help of her mother , dee . while she was pregnant , the model also learned that her son had sickle cell disease - characterised by anaemia and severe pain . ' i owe it to other little black girls ' - dunn revealed in the interview that she perseveres to set a good example for other 'ethnic-looking girls ' . to raise awareness about the disease , she became an ambassador for the sickle cell disease association of america last year . speaking out about juggling a modelling career and being a full-time mum and carer , jourdan is determined . she said : ' becoming a mum , realising that you are responsible for this human being for the rest of your life is daunting . ' you have to get your s*** together . on top of that , having a sickle cell child has been a lot to deal with ... it 's made me grateful for everything that is around me . ' the 24-year-old ambassador for the sickle cell disease association of america is also a single mother of 5-year-old riley , who suffers from sickle cell disease .