scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago . but while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared , they are still far from knowing how it appeared . now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ' instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago . scroll down for video . scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago , but they are still far from knowing how it appeared . now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ' instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago . rna , which stands for ribonucleic acid , is a molecule made up of one or more nucleotides . it is one of three major biological molecules that are essential for all known forms of life , along with dna and proteins . the main job of rna is to transfer the genetic code to create proteins from the nucleus to the ribosome . this prevents the dna from having to leave the nucleus , and protects it from damage . it also acts as an on-and-off switch for some genes . the researchers believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive life . the study , by the university of milan and university of colorado boulder , is based on a discovery in the 1980s that rna can chemically alter its own structure . rna is similar to dna , and carries out a number of jobs in our cells , including acting as an on-and-off switch for some genes . scientists believe that when life was in its early stages , rna played a leading role in creating complex organisms before dna and proteins were developed . many origin-of-life researchers say that rna chains are too specialised to have been created as a product of random chemical reactions . the new study , however , claims to provide an alternative theory by arguing primordial dna-like fragments evolved in this way instead . the researchers found the self-assembly of dna fragments just a few nanometres in length have the ability to drive the formation of chemical bonds . these connect together short dna chains to form long ones , without the need for a separate biological process . the image shows a droplet of condensed nano-dna and within it smaller drops of its liquid crystal phase which show up in polarised light on the left . the liquid crystal droplets act as 'micro-reactors ' where short dna can join together into long polymer chains to evolve into more complex life . ' our observations are suggestive of what may have happened on the early earth when the first dna-like molecular fragments appeared , ' said cu-boulder physics professor noel clark , a study co-author . the study suggests that the way in which dna emerged in the early earth lies in its structural properties and its ability to self-organise . in the pre-rna world , the spontaneous self-assembly of fragments of nucleic acids – the building block of life - may have acted as a template for their chemical self-assembly . ' the new findings show that in the presence of appropriate chemical conditions , the spontaneous self-assembly of small dna fragments into stacks of short duplexes greatly favours their binding into longer polymers , thereby providing a pre-rna route to the rna world , ' added professor clark .