sharmeena : the teenager flew in secret to syria . the jihadi bride who persuaded three friends to follow her to syria was brought up in a strict muslim household which turned to islamic state apologists cage when she disappeared , it emerged yesterday . sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar . he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy in tower hamlets . he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria . controversially , he has turned for advice to cage , the hardline human rights group whose leaders have said is executioner jihadi john is a ‘ beautiful young man’ . in an exclusive interview this week , mr miah , 38 , sat at the kitchen table of his terraced house , a few minutes’ walk from the academy in east london . it is where sharmeena lived with him , her mother shahnaz – until her death from cancer aged 33 last year – and her grandmother , jahanara , 66 . close to tears , he disclosed how his niece used £1,000 to go to syria , money given by relatives after her mother’s death as a traditional gift in bangladeshi families to show respect for the deceased . ‘ at first her nan – my mother –kept the money safe . then sharmeena asked to open her own bank account and she gave the cash to her , ’ said mr miah . ‘ she also pressed to keep her passport in her bedroom and we allowed that too . if her mother had not died , she would never have had money to go . ’ mr miah was born in bangladesh and came to this country as a boy with his parents . he studied islam before becoming a takeaway restaurant owner and now works nights at a supermarket . ‘ i have known sharmeena since she was born , ’ he said . ‘ she grew up in my house with her mother shahnaz , my sister . ’ shamima begum 's family at scotland yard 's headquarters , london , pictured with abase hussen , father of amira abase . lured to jihad : kadiza sultana , 16 , left , shamima begum , 15 , centre , and amira abase , 15 , right , at gatwick . he explained that sharmeena’s father , mohammad uddin , had not often lived at the house because his work took him away so often . mr uddin , 39 , a waiter , has remarried and lives with his new wife in a block of flats in bethnal green . mr miah has been interviewed by police about his missing niece and the disappearance of her three classmates : shamima begum , 15 , kadiza sultana , 16 , and amira abase , 15 , earlier this year . it is thought that sharmeena was the ringleader , inspiring the other three to follow her to syria . it has emerged that a fifth girl from the academy , who can not be named for legal reasons , also plotted to become a jihadi bride . she boarded a plane for syria from heathrow on the same saturday which sharmeena flew from gatwick . this girl’s parents alerted police , the jet was stopped on the runway and she was removed . it has also emerged that amira’s father hussen abase is an islamic militant who marched at the front of a rally led by hate preacher anjem choudary and attended by michael adebowale , one of the killers of soldier lee rigby . like mr miah , mr abase is receiving advice from cage . but her uncle denies his devotion to islam influenced sharmeena . he has already been asked by police if she was radicalised at home . ‘ the loss of her mum turned my niece’s life upside down despite our islamic belief that earthly life means nothing , ’ he said . ‘ it is the hereafter that we prepare for . she turned to religion after her death . ’ he feels let down by police and the school , alleging that neither care about sharmeena ‘ because she is a muslim girl’ . mr miah added : ‘ you tell the police everything you know but they seem to do nothing to get sharmeena back . i am really scared of what they might do to me if i am blamed for her going to syria . ’ he is also worried for sharmeena if she does return to the uk . ‘ i believe she will be prosecuted . i don’t think she will ever be allowed to return to our home . the police will want information from her about the islamic state and life will never be normal for her again . ’ reliving the morning his niece disappeared , mr miah told how the teenager said her prayers at 5am as usual . ‘ the early prayers are what we do every day in our muslim religion , ’ he explained solemnly . sharmeena then came downstairs and told her grandmother that she had extra classes at school . ‘ she left at about nine in western clothes , leaving her asian ones . we do not know whether she took a taxi , bus or train to the airport . or if she was picked up by a car . i came back from the night shift at ten but i was not alarmed . ’ flight to terror : clutching their luggage , the three teenage friends prepare to board a flight to istanbul . but by midday , the family was worried . they rang sharmeena’s mobile but had no answer . at 5pm , it was offering to take messages in turkish . ‘ we realised she was abroad and i rang the local police , who said she was a missing girl who would come home , ’ said mr miah . he found a uk number on sharmeena’s phone records which she had rung constantly , including the morning she disappeared . when he called it , a woman’s voice said : ‘ who is sharmeena ? i don’t know a sharmeena’ and put the phone down . mr miah now suspects the woman was an is recruiter based in london . ‘ in my faith , we believe in an eye for an eye , a life for a life , and i would like to kill the person who persuaded her to go away , ’ he said . ‘ i also feel let down by the authorities , who allowed sharmeena out to syria and then three of her friends , all from the same school . ’ when sharmeena went missing , he alerted her father and told him he must go to the academy and warn teachers what might happen to other girls . mr uddin did but said staff did not listen to him . mr miah went a day later and saw a senior teacher . ‘ i said parents should be warned their daughters might go to syria . i offered to speak to them myself but i have not been invited . ’ frustrated , mr miah turned to officials at cage , who told him sharmeena went to syria ‘ to get married’ or ‘ for radicalisation’ by is . he feels it is the only organisation listening to him or which might help get her back . however , some of his family blame him for her disappearance , added mr miah . ‘ we knew nothing about her plan . i am in shock . her grandmother is so upset . ‘ we think only of sharmeena and worry if she has enough food to eat in syria . we feel hopeless . ’ a labour councillor’s son seized attempting to cross into war-torn syria with four children had been targeted by the government’s anti-extremism prevent strategy , sources said last night . as counter-terrorism police last night searched the home of shakil ahmed – recently pictured with ed miliband – and turkish authorities prepared to deport the group of nine , questions were asked over whether signs of 21-year-old waheed’s apparent radicalisation had been missed . the politics student’s father , 45 , was in hiding yesterday as officers combed the family home in rochdale , examining a car parked outside and removing several items . the adults in turkey were named as waheed’s maternal aunt , zareeda bi , 47 , her sons mahboob yasin , 22 , and habib yasin , 24 , along with habib’s wife , samia bi , 22 . on radar : counter-terrorism police searched the home of shakil ahmed , pictured here with ed miliband , as it is revealed his son waheed ahmed ( right ) was targeted by the government 's anti-extremism prevent strategy . sources claimed waheed had been monitored by the government’s prevent strategy , which aims to stop extremists resorting to acts of terrorism but has been slammed as a ‘toxic’ brand which further alienates disaffected young muslims . friends said they had not noticed a change in waheed’s behaviour . raided : police searched councillor shakil ahmed 's home after his son was seized trying to cross to war-torn syria . bassat yousaf , 21 , who has known waheed since they were at primary school , said : ‘he’s really a quiet guy . seeing him on the news came as a shock for me . he didn’t seem that kind of person . ‘ we used to talk about palestine and syria and he sometimes collected charity money . i used to see him collecting a lot of charity money for people whose homes have been blown up . ’ the nine were seized as they tried to cross into syria on wednesday , but waheed’s father said he had believed his son was on ‘ a work placement in birmingham’ . the home office declined to comment on reports of waheed’s involvement with its prevent strategy , which last year resulted in 77 reports from worried families to anti-terror police . police refused to say if the adults would be arrested on their return to the uk .