two comedians and a coronation street actress came out in support of labour at a party rally . ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of ed miliband 's mansion tax plans , at the event also attended by eddie izzard , joey essex and sally lindsay . the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit ' little grannies ' - had made her money ' showering in a bikini ' and should be ' proud to make a contribution ' . elton , who distanced himself from the party under tony blair , told supporters he was ' back with labour ' . he said : ' it 's no secret that i am now one of that wealthy minority . me and myleene klass . scroll down for video . comedian ben elton , left , took a swipe at myleene klass , right , during a rally for labour supporters . the only way is essex star joey essex posed for a selfie with a fan during rally in warrington . ' i made my money cracking knob gags , she made her money showering in a bikini . ' we should both be proud to make our contribution . ' elton lashed out at the glitzy black and white fundraising ball staged annually by the conservatives to raise funds . ' apparently we are the ones that sneer . really ? have you seen the black and white ball ? ' just a little bit of sneering going on i think . ' long-time labour supporter eddie izzard said the party would offer a ' fair chance for everyone ' . actress sally lindsay told the crowd ' it makes me sick ' that people are having to turn to foodbanks because they can not afford to eat . the former coronation street star backed labour 's plans to ban exploitative zero-hours contracts and called for a ' decent minimum ' wage . coronation street actress sally lindsay joined justine miliband and eddie izzard at the campaign event . joey essex was among the crowd at the rally where ed miliband announced a £5 billion future homes fund . ' that 's why i 'm voting labour , that 's why i support ed . ' martin freeman , one of britain 's most bankable hollywood stars , was the first celebrity face to back labour 's 2015 general election campaign . joey essex , who posed for selfies with excited fans , was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a tv special . at the rally in warrington , ed miliband told supporters a labour government would ' get britain building again ' . announcing a £5 billion future homes fund , he said labour would build 125,000 new homes . in a speech , he said : ' there 's nothing more british than the dream of home ownership . starting out in a place of your own . but for so many young people today that dream is fading . ' he went on : ' our plan is the first real plan for housebuilding in a generation . ' we will build at least 200,000 homes a year by the end of the parliament . ' we wo n't let those large developers just hoard land . ' waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes . ' we 'll say : either you use the land or you lose the land . ' we will build a new generation of towns , garden cities and suburbs creating over half a million new homes . ed miliband , speaking at the rally , said a labour government would ' get britain building again ' . ' we will make housing the top priority for additional capital investment . ' mr miliband added : ' the banks will benefit from the taxpayer support we will provide to help people save for their first home . ' in return , we will expect the banks to invest in homes for the next generation . unlocking £5 billion for 125,000 homes . ' a labour government will get britain building again . ' 