a serious knee injury may have cruelly ended bojan krkic 's season in january but it has n't stopped the stoke striker keeping up-to-date with the premier league . scheduled to return to action in july , the former ac milan and roma forward has been keeping a close eye on england 's top-flight as he recovers in barcelona . here , bojan tells sportsmail which players make his team of the season . bojan krkic , pictured celebrating a goal against rochdale , has picked his premier league team of the season . the stoke striker poses in his garden at his home in the barcelona province of el papiol . bojan shows off the memorabilia he has collected during his career with barcelona , ac milan , ajax and roma . bojan gives a thumbs up to the camera as he uses an anti-gravity treadmill which was developed by nasa . sportsmail spent two days with bojan in barcelona as he recovers from the serious knee injury which ended his debut season with stoke . goalkeeper : david de gea . i nearly picked fraser forster . i have him on fantasy manager and he 's won me a load of points ! i was so sorry to hear about his injury . david de gea is a great friend — i have known him since the early youth groups with spain . he is enjoying one of the best seasons i have seen from a keeper . david de gea makes a save from swansea 's ki sung-yueng during one of many excellent performances . right back : nathaniel clyne . fast , direct and athletic . i like watching him go forward and he wo n't let you down defensively . he has been a major part of southampton 's excellent season . southampton 's nathaniel clyne ( left ) is now in the england squad after a fine season with saints . centre back : john terry . it has n't been a great season for centre backs but terry is still a really tough opponent . when we played against chelsea just before christmas , i was impressed by the way jose mourinho organised his defence . he put nemanja matic and john mikel obi on me . it limited the space and made things difficult , plus they had that really strong defence behind . mourinho is very intelligent in this way . chelsea skipper john terry has helped his side to the top of the premier league table . centre back : ryan shawcross . he is a very strong defender and is a seriously tough opponent in training . he has a strong character . he has a great personality and is a real leader in the dressing room . he can play at a very high level . ryan shawcross , pictured scoring against manchester united , has been a rock in stoke 's defence . left back : branislav ivanovic . my dad is from serbia and still keeps a close eye on their players . we both admire ivanovic who has a habit of scoring big goals in big games . i know he plays mainly on the right but i want him in the team . chelsea defender branislav ivanovic has chipped in with some vital goals for jose mourinho 's side . right midfield : alexis sanchez . unfortunately i never got the chance to play with alexis at barcelona . he has had a really impressive first season and will only get better . he possesses star quality . alexis sanchez has settled into life in the premier league with ease after joining arsenal last summer . centre midfield : steven nzonzi . a player i rate really highly . a brilliant midfielder in the modern game . physically strong and tactically and technically sharp . he can control a midfield and conduct our performances . i love playing with him . stoke midfielder steven nzonzi has impressed bojan with his strong performances in central midfield . centre midfield : santi cazorla . in arsenal 's 2-0 win against manchester city , his was a wonderful performance . his movement is good , he can battle , and his passing is as good as anybody 's . spanish players here have a really strong relationship with supporters . you see juan mata and ander herrera at manchester united , david silva at city — the fans love them — and the stoke fans have been so warm towards me . it is because we have the character of fighters and feel a responsibility to please supporters . santi cazorla , pictured scoring against newcastle , has been an important cog in arsenal 's midfield . left midfield : eden hazard . he is getting better and better . his dribbling is amazing and he is adding more goals to his game . a really special player . chelsea forward eden hazard gets away from burnley 's matt taylor during his side 's win at turf moor . centre forward : sergio aguero . the best out and out forward around . he 's explosive , skilful , a great dribbler and has a powerful shot . bojan believes manchester city striker sergio aguero is ' the best out and out forward around ' . centre forward : harry kane . diego costa imposes his character on every game . his goalscoring record is great and chelsea have improved with him . however , i did n't know too much about harry kane before this season but he has been amazing . he scores every week ! it is great to see an english player doing so well and it has been one of the season 's great stories . tottenham striker harry kane celebrates scoring his 22nd goal of the season against arsenal in february . 