ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for manchester united 's home clash with aston villa ... manchester united vs aston villa ( old trafford ) . team news . manchester united . striker robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match against aston villa with an ankle injury . left-back luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem , but centre-back chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness . robin van persie scores against leicester city earlier in the season but he is ruled out of the aston villa game . defender jonny evans sits out the fourth match of his six-game ban for spitting at newcastle striker papiss cisse . provisional squad : de gea , lindegaard , valdes , shaw , blackett , rojo , smalling , jones , mcnair , rafael , pereira , young , blind , fellaini , herrera , valencia , di maria , januzaj , mata , falcao , rooney , wilson . aston villa . skipper ron vlaar could return for aston villa after finally shaking off a calf injury for the trip to manchester united . the defender has been out since february and he will be joined in the squad by joe cole after a hamstring issue while jores okore ( knee ) is also fit . ron vlaar trains ahead of his expected return to the aston villa squad at manchester united . kieran richardson and philippe senderos ( both calf ) are in training but could still miss out while there are doubts surrounding aly cissokho ( groin ) and nathan baker ( knee ) and united loanee tom cleverley is ineligible . provisional squad : guzan , given , hutton , lowton , okore , vlaar , clark , cissokho , kinsella , delph , sinclair , gil , westwood , sanchez , grealish , cole , n'zogbia , agbonlahor , benteke , weimann . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : manchester united 3/10 . draw 4/1 . aston villa 9/1 . referee : roger east . managers : louis van gaal ( manchester united ) , tim sherwood ( aston villa ) . head-to-head league record : manchester united wins 82 , draws 38 , aston villa wins 43 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . manchester united have 31 premier league wins against aston villa , the joint-most of any team against any opponent in the history of the competition ( along with man utd v everton ) . aston villa have won just one of the last 38 premier league games against manchester united ( l27 d10 w1 ) . wayne rooney has scored 12 goals against aston villa , his joint-highest tally against any opponent in premier league history along with newcastle united . aston villa are the only side in the premier league this season yet to see a substitute score or assist a single one of their goals . radamel falcao scored manchester united 's equaliser in their 1-1 draw at aston villa in december . rooney has scored eight goals in his last six premier league games at old trafford against the villans , netting four braces . villa have seen six players sent off in the premier league this season ; two more than they had in any previous premier league campaign . rooney has scored 95 goals at old trafford , only alan shearer with 97 at st james park ( two for blackburn ) and thierry henry with 114 at highbury have scored more goals on one single ground in premier league history . the red devils have won 12 of their last 14 premier league matches at old trafford ( d1 l1 ) . on just eight occasions this season have a side used two or more players that are under 20 in a premier league game – seven of these have been by manchester united ( arsenal the other ) . aston villa have scored just two goals in the final half an hour in the premier league this season – man utd have scored more in the 90th minute or later ( 3 ) .