a young bride planned a fairytale wedding and married her fiancé just six days after finding out his cancer is terminal . laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , jack jordan , 23 , had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013 . the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news . scroll down for video . laura and jack on their wedding day yesterday , april 16 , at the torbay hospital chapel . laura with jack in hospital , where she sat by his side for more than a year . friends , family , and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair 's dream wedding , and laura and jack got married in torbay hospital chapel just six days after the heartbreaking news - and ed sheeran even sent them a personal video . in it he said : ' hope you have an amazing wedding . and drink a lot , dance a lot and have a lot of sex . you should be doing that . awkward laughter . and , yes , have a wonderful time - see you soon . ' the couple first met at school as teenagers but it was n't until 2012 when jack worked in laura 's local corner shop that their relationship blossomed . jack underwent gruelling rounds of chemotherapy after being diagnosed two years ago , but it failed to stop cancer from spreading into his bone marrow . he is hoping to spend his final weeks at home surrounded by close family , his wife and her two-year-old daughter from a previous relationship , lilly . laura added : ' as soon as jack told me that doctors could not offer him any further treatment i turned to him and said ' we need to get married . ' he proposed to me in january but we thought we had our whole lives to plan our wedding day . ' when he was given just weeks to live we had no time to wait , i 'm so happy that i can call jack my husband now , we are soul mates and it seemed like the perfect thing to do . in 2013 , jack knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time - a blood test confirmed he had acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . at the time laura was due to give birth to lilly and needed to focus on her , but the pair kept in touch . ' i surprised jack by wearing a traditional white wedding dress after i told him i was wearing a smart suit . ' he could n't stop smiling when he saw me walking down the aisle , i felt like a princess . ' our wedding day was amazing , we will never forget , it was the happiest day of our lives . ' laura was distraught when jack broke the news that his treatment was n't working and he had just weeks to live . she added : ' jack has undergone so much chemotherapy in the past two years but despite being briefly in remission this year , his leukaemia returned . ' when he told me it was terminal last friday i thought i would at least have a year with jack before he died but when he told me he had just weeks left i was in complete shock . ' we had made so many plans for the future and jack just kept saying `` i 'm so sorry '' as he knew he could no longer be here to fulfil them with me . when lilly was six-months-old laura drove two hours to see jack at bristol hospital . after nine months of being inseparable the pair decided to start a relationship in february 2014 . they often had date nights where they would order dominoes and watch films . leukaemia affects a person 's white blood cells . white blood cells are the important infection-fighting part of the immune system , made in your bone marrow . patients with leukaemia produce an abnormal number of immature white blood cells which ' clog up ' their bone marrow . this stops bone marrow making other blood cells , which are vital for a balanced immune system and healthy blood . acute leukaemia comes on suddenly , progesses quickly and needs to be treated urgently . chronic leukaemia develops more slowly , over months or years . common treatments for leukaemia include chemotherapy , radiotherapy or a bone marrow transplant . it is predicted that 48 per cent of men and 44 per cent of women will survive the disease for ten years or more . ' i 'm completely heartbroken but i find my strength in him , i need to make sure his last few weeks are the best ones of his life . ' there is nothing more he wanted than to become my husband so i 'm really happy that i was able to fulfil that wish for him . ' laura wore a floor length white wedding dress that was fitted by her mother , jenny cant , 47 , who works in bridal store , jane 's . the registrar was provided for free by the torbay hospital chapel and lilly was their flower girl . laura added : ' the day was perfect , jack was determined to walk on his wedding day despite being completely exhausted due to cancer treatment . ' he had some oxygen before the ceremony began so he was able to smile for some treasured pictures without feeling as though he looked unwell . ' we both love one another so much that it was lovely to see him looking so happy despite knowing he has just weeks to live . ' laura first met jack when they were at school but it was n't until years later while laura was pregnant that their relationship blossomed . she said : ' i was always popping down to my local corner shop for one craving or another but when i noticed jack worked there i started going daily . ' i knew the minimum spend on a debit card was five-pounds so i purposely never took cash so i could take longer choosing things in the shop that would equal over that amount . ' me and jack would always have a little chat and he worked every day he could but one day when i walked in i noticed a charity bucket on the till for him , it read ' help poorly jack . ' laura surprised jack by wearing a traditional white wedding dress after telling him she would wear a suit . there is nothing more jack wanted than to become laura 's husband , so she 's delighted to have been able to fulfil that wish for him . ' i was devastated when i realised he had blood cancer , he had kept it to himself as he did n't want me to worry . ' jack knew there was something wrong when he started to feel tired and achy all the time - a blood test confirmed he had acute lymphoblastic leukaemia . laura said : ' at the time i was due to give birth to lilly and i needed to focus on my daughter but we kept in touch in facebook but i missed seeing him terribly . ' when lilly was just six-months-old i drove two hours to see him at bristol hospital . ' he was so happy that i remembered him and he was completely overwhelmed to see us both . ' laura has been at jack 's side ever since and after nine-months of being inseparable the pair decided to start a relationship in february 2014 . laura says they feel like the happiest couple in the world to have got married , but wish they had longer . when laura found out about jack 's condition she was due to give birth to lilly so needed to focus on her . laura was over the moon when he proposed two months ago while he was in hospital . she said : ' jack has spent the majority of our relationship in hospital as he needs constant transfusions and chemo to stay alive but i have always made the best of our time together . ' we often had date nights where we would order dominoes and watch films . ' laura was over the moon when he proposed two months ago while he was in hospital - it was a dream come true . laura said : ' we had wanted to wait until jack got better before we got married but that was no longer an option , it was now or never and i ca n't imagine my life without being jack 's wife . ' i 'm so happy we will be spending our final few weeks as a family , there 's nothing more important than ensuring he feels comfortable and content in his final few weeks . ' we feel like the happiest couple in the world to have got married but we just wish we had longer together . ' jack added : ' marrying laura is something i have wanted to do for a long time , i 'm so happy and proud to call her my wife . ' i love laura and lilly more than anything and i hope to create as many memories as possible in my final weeks . ' we want to say a big thank you to everyone who made our wedding day possible . after the ceremony , jack and laura were stunned to discover that their music idol ed sheeran had sent them a personalised video greeting from new zealand . in it , he said : ' hey jack and laura , it 's ed here . i am sorry i ca n't be there . i am in new zealand at the moment - just doing a tour . ed sheeran sent the couple a cheeky personalised video greeting from new zealand . ' hope you have an amazing wedding . and drink a lot , dance a lot and have a lot of sex . you should be doing that . awkward laughter . and , yes , have a wonderful time - see you soon . ' laura said : ' we were told after the signing of the registers that ed sheeran had sent a video . ' apparently if he had more notice he would have been there for us . he was on holiday in new zealand and still took time out to do it . ' i was in total shock . the whole chapel gasped in unison as soon as it was announced . ' we are both huge fans . his awkwardness is hilarious to us , but he 's our age and proof to never give up . ' we were devastated because i bought jack tickets for our anniversary in february to go and see him at wembley in july and now we obviously ca n't go . ' the tickets will eventually arrive and jack wo n't be here . ' the video was arranged through jack 's social worker suzie holmes from clic sargent .