she was among the first britons to join the terrorists of islamic state and regularly takes to twitter to issue violent threats , including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a westerner . but despite all that , khadijah dare 's heartbroken mother victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life . mrs dare , from lewisham in south london , also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout christian as a child but turned to islam while at college . scroll down for video . plea : the mother of jihadi bride khadijah dare ( pictured ) has issued a plea for her to return home . ' she loved church , ' said mrs dare in an interview due to be screened tonight as part of a bbc documentary . ' she had a bible , she read the bible . she would sit there and pray and pray and pray . ' dare , who was born in nigeria but emigrated to the uk as a child , was originally christened grace but , says her mother , the 22-year-old changed it after she began attending services at the lewisham islamic centre - a mosque also linked to the lee rigby killers . ' when she became muslim , i would get these phone calls saying , `` can i speak to khadijah ? '' i said to her , what 's that about ? she says , `` oh , that 's my name '' . it was only the mosque people who called her khadijah . i do n't call her that . ' now living in syria , dare , who married a swedish is terrorist calling himself abu bakr almost as soon as she arrived , has reportedly been widowed . threats : dare , who is in syria , is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a westerner . radicalised : aqsa mahmood , who calls herself umm layth , also appears on bbc2 's britain 's jihadi brides . exposed : mahmood 's identity was exposed following a mailonline investigation . nevertheless , she continues to spread is propaganda online and has been accused of encouraging other young women to travel to the middle east , much like fellow british jihadi bride umm layth . umm layth , who was unmasked as a glaswegian teenager named aqsa mahmood last year following a mailonline investigation , has even offered advice to would-be jihadis on what clothes to bring and what they can expect from life with is . but her family 's lawyer , who appears on bbc documentary britain 's jihadi brides alongside mrs dare and renu begum , sister of one of the three missing bethnal green schoolgirls , says the reality is very different . ' there 's nothing loving about them and there 's nothing religious about them because they are ripping the heart out of our communities , ' says aamer anwar . ' they are like paedophiles . they are groomers . they are getting their claws into people and ripping them away from the families who love and care about them . ' mahmood , who , say her family , was once a ' kind , caring individual ' and a ' loving young woman ' , is now helping to radicalise would-be jihadi brides herself , as well is issuing threats and encouraging muslims to take up arms . ' follow the examples of your brothers from woolwich , texas and boston , ' read a tweet posted last summer . ' if you can not make it to the battlefield , then bring the battlefield to yourself . ' another blog post claimed that within two generations , the world would be under the heel of an ' islamic empire ' . ' know this cameron and obama , your countries will be destroyed and your kuffar [ non believers ] beneath our feet , ' wrote the 20-year-old . ' if not you , then your children or your grandchildren . this islamic empire will be known and feared worldwide and we shall follow none other than the law of the one and only allah . gone : one of the older female recruits is kent benefits claimant sally jones , 45 . recruiter : now using the name sakinah hussain , she was caught trying to recruit jihadi brides last autumn . widowed : zahra halane ( pictured ) and her sister salma have both been widowed since joining is . ' this is a war against islam and it shall be known that you 're with them or with us . so pick a side . ' dare and mahmood are among the 22 british women known to be in syria but police believe there could be another 40 whose disappearances have not been reported . those who are there include zahra and salma halane , the manchester teenagers who have become known as ' the terror twins ' and 45-year-old sally jones , a benefits claimant from kent who now goes under the name of sakinah hussain . ' what they fail to understand is that they 've been brainwashed by someone 's ideology which is not the same as islam , ' says former radicaliser yasmin mulbocus . ' these women need to wake up . they need to discover the real sisterhood of islam . they need to start questioning . they are brainwashed so bad , they 've lost their own soul . ' anwar agrees . ' the best way to defeat radicalisation is to find the ex-radicals and find out what changed them . ' you 're [ would-be jihadi brides ] told that you are going to the gates of paradise but when you get to syria you will find out what hell is really all about . because it 's there . it 's happening now . ' as for dare , she says she will never return home , despite her mother 's pleas . ' i want you back , that 's what i said [ to her ] , ' says mrs dare . ' i want you back in my life . she is the only child that i have and the devil took her away from my life . ' 