dawn milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle . a new jersey woman is lucky to be alive after being rescued from her overturned vehicle just as it started to catch fire . dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area . when officers mark ehrenberg and ricky ferriola arrived on scene , smoke was already coming out of the woman 's white 2006 toyota solara convertible , which had been turned upside down . the vehicle 's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver , it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash . with smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free . it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage . about 30 seconds later the flames are visible , and one of the officers can be heard trying to revive the woman , who is now safely on the other side of the road . dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area . just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames . the woman pulled from the wreck had to be hooked up to a defibrillator at the scene and cpr was administered , reports wpix . she has been identified as dawn milosky , 45 , of beachwood , n.j . milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated , having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle , reckless driving and for failure to stay in the right lane . she was airlifted to morristown medical center , but police say she is now doing okay . the woman they pulled from the wreck has been identified as dawn milosky , 45 , of beachwood , new jersey . just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman from the wreckage the vehicle became engulfed in flames . 