too often cats can be overlooked in favour of their cuter canine counterparts . but a new book , artists and their cats , is putting felines back on the map . philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . scroll down for video . philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . in this image , spanish surrealist painter salvador dali poses with his cat babou , a colombian wild cat . children 's book illustrator , wanda hazel gág , lovingly looks at her cat in one of the intimate portraits . featuring the likes of henri matisse , salvador dali , georgia o'keefe and many others , the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists . the images see the artists in rarely-seen settings , with many of them reclining in their homes , or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets . journalist and artist nastasi curated over 50 intimate portraits of well-known artists and their beloved animals . photographer florence henri ( pictured left ) and french artist claude cahun ( pictured right in 1927 ) pose with their cats in black and white shots . american modernist artist , georgia o'keefe poses with her squinting cat , which appears to be of a siamese breed . one image shows salvador dali , who was known for surrealist work , sporting an intricately-patterned waistcoat . with a shocked expression on his face , he poses with his striking cat , babou , a breed of colombian ocelot ( a species of wild cat ) . another image shows modernist artist , georgia o'keefe , smiling with her cat propped on her shoulder , which appears to be of siamese breed . one intimate shot shows famous french impressionist painter , henri matisse casually sat up in bed with his covers pulled up to his knees . on the bed , is a black cat staring at him , and next to it , a miniature kitten swamped by the covers . world-renowned artist henri matisse in 1950 - famous for his impressionist artwork - is pictured laid in bed with a black cat as well as a tiny kitten , swamped in the covers . american composer and artist john cage is seen having a tender moment with his black cat in a rarely-seen image . edward gorey , who was famous for his illustrated books , is pictured sitting with his cat on a sofa . more than 50 pairs of great artists and their furry felines are highlighted in nastasi 's compilation book . perched on sofa arms , stretching on tables and lovingly nuzzling their owners , the cats strangely seem to share characteristics with their owners . each image is accompanied by a small excerpt about the relationship between cat and artist . the description of the book reads : ' in this clever compilation , art aficionados will discover a softer side of their favorite artists , and cat lovers will enjoy a whole new way to celebrate their favorite furry friends . ' one image shows french film director and professor agnes varda sitting in an outdoor area with her cat on the table next to her . book illustrator , arthur rackham ( pictured left ) , and painter philip burne-jones ( pictured right ) are also featured in the series of intimate photos .