for u.s. moms , the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close , a government study shows . experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy . the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . dangerous pregnancy : the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . second baby : for u.s. moms , the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close , a government study shows . ' that is actually pretty high and very problematic , ' said heike thiel de bocanegra , a reproductive health researcher at the university of california , san francisco . she was not involved in the new study . the report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the district of columbia , representing about 83 percent of the nation 's births that year . it was the first such report by the cdc so researchers do n't know if pregnancy spacing has changed over time . the study found that the median time to next pregnancy was 2 years , 5 months . about half fell in the 18 months to 5 year range . about 20 percent had babies more than 5 years apart . white women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years , 2 months on average . black and hispanic women typically waited 2½ years or longer . the older the mom was , the longer the spacing between a birth and her next pregnancy . data : the report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the district of columbia , representing about 83 percent of the nation 's births that year . of course , miscarriages , illnesses or other factors can affect a couple 's plans . lhamo ellin of new york had her daughter about 12 years after her son . ' i tried . it did n't happen , ' said ellin . she works as a nanny in a brooklyn neighborhood that is a magnet for young families , where she said siblings seemed to be about three to five years apart . new yorker reis goldberg and his wife had twin boys and then a daughter 3½ years later . ' as soon as we got the twins under control , we were ready to have another one , ' he said . goldberg , who is only about a year younger than his brother , agreed with the experts . ' second kid suffers . a lot runtier . he was like double my size when i was younger , ' he said . racing for a child : white women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years , 2 months on average wheras black and hispanic women typically waited 2½ years or longer . 