millions of fake condoms sold by a gang across china have been seized by police after they were found to contain toxic metals . police in shanghai revealed today that they had seized three million knock-off condoms - thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million on the black market - after they broke up a large operation covering eight provinces . officers said the lubricating oil used on the condoms at one production line in henan province was so disgusting that it made them feel sick , according to the people 's daily online . dodgy work : fake condoms were made in a makeshift workshop in shanghai . big haul : a total of three million condoms , thought to be worth £1.3 million , were seized by police . heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury , lead and arsenic . however , officials did not reveal the exact metal traces found during the tests . the fakes were packaged as popular brands such as durex and cost just 1p to make - 30 times less than the market value . cheap raw materials - consisting of plastic strips and elastic bands - were used to make the condoms in makeshift workshops . but the gang still sold the condoms at the regular price of £4.20 for a pack of 12 via their own online shop , contacting potential customers via social media . the counterfeit condoms were also sold at motels across the country . squalid : the condoms were made by women in a run-down residential property in the yangpu district . health hazard : tests found that the counterfeit condoms contained toxic metals and were not safe to use . one woman in the yangpu district of shanghai had been running a workshop in a run-down residential property , employing local workers to make and package the condoms . the woman , who had already been arrested in 2013 for selling fake viagra , was arrested along with eight others . zhang wenliang , a police officer from shanghai 's yangpu district public security bureau , said : ' at a workshop in henan province , we found a small production line which produced bad-quality condoms . the lubricating oil made us vomit . ' we sent the seized condoms to the quality authorities and tests showed they contained heavy metals . they are very dangerous to humans . ' police said the gang had nine production lines and warehouses across the country . the fake condoms were sold in henan , anhui , zhejiang , hubei , guangdong , jiangsu and shaanxi provinces . not the real deal : the fakes were packaged as popular brands like durex in the sophisticated operation .