pet cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across asia - to feed the booming appetite for their meat in vietnam . restaurants serving domestic cats – sold as a delicacy known as ' baby tiger ' – are springing up across northern vietnam , despite laws against eating the animals . and at one restaurant – an hour 's drive from the capital hanoi – the owner told mailonline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up . scroll down for video . caught , skinned and boned : a wheelbarrow load of cats arrives at popular restaurant near hanoi , vietnam . although eating cat meat is illegal , police officers and lawyers are among vietnam 's biggest customers . animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade – and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive , the bones removed and eaten . the meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring china and laos . a cat knapper is paid anything between £37 to £52 by a restaurateur per animal , depending on its size . in january a lorry with three tonnes of cats crammed into bamboo cages stacked one on top of another was seized by police on its way to hanoi from china . some of the animals perished in searing heat during the journey – and the rest were crushed to death after they were rescued amid fears they might spread disease . the truck driver was fined just £250 ( 7.5 million dong ) for smuggling them . and a mailonline probe has found pet cats destined for the dinner table are being held in horrific conditions as they await slaughter . in va town , bac ninh province , an hour 's drive from hanoi , is the popular quy beo restaurant where ' baby tiger ' is served daily . the restaurant 's most popular dishes are cat meat hot pot , on sale for around £40 pounds and feeds seven – a huge sum in rural vietnam . cat meat noodles are £3 pounds a bowl . ready for dinner plate : caged cats caught and smuggled across the border to vietnam will be killed for their meat , which is an expensive ' delicacy ' in asia . key ingredient : ' baby tiger ' is prepared in the kitchen at the quy beo restaurant - to will be served up with noodles and sold for £3 a bowl . demand : ' everybody wants to eat cat now – it is more delicious and exotic than other kinds of meat , ' the owner boasted . cat meat was banned in vietnam in 1997 . lucrative : dog meat traders tells how she 's also selling cats and business is booming . the owner – who would n't be named – led our investigators over the road to his home opposite the restaurant and showed where he keeps hundreds of terrified cats , hissing and pounding their paws against the bars of tiny cages piled on top of each other . the animals are then taken out and slaughtered just feet from their cages . they are allowed to bleed and dropped into boiling water , then skinned in a machine before being boned and taken across the road by wheelbarrow to serve up in the restaurant . their bones are swept up into a pile in the forecourt of the owner 's home after the cats are killed and later used to make broth . ' everybody wants to eat cat now – it is more delicious and exotic than other kinds of meat , ' the owner told us . ' i 've killed 31 cats today already . we 've never been busier . some people are superstitious and eat it to bring them strength and good fortune . ' lawyers , policemen and company directors eat it at the start of the lunar month . factory workers eat it at the beginning of the month . rich people eat it all month long . ' as he spoke , staff from a nearby samsung mobile phone factory poured into the restaurant and began ordering dishes after a company bus taking them straight from work pulled up outside . ' it 's the best meat there is , ' one factory official told us , his face flushed red with rice wine . ' cats are particular about what they eat so the meat is cleaner and better for you inside . ' in a smaller restaurant nearby , owner nguyen the tai said the popularity of cat meat had boomed since he opened his restaurant seven years ago . he told mailonline : ' it 's getting more popular because people have more money . on a good night , we kill five or six cats for our customers . ' the best cats are aged two and a half years old and weigh 2.5 kg . we buy live cats for £3.50 a kilo and sell the meat for about £7 a kilo . ' ngo cong thi opened a cat restaurant with his wife a mile from the centre of hanoi eight months ago and said he had been busy from the first night . ' people come from all over to eat here , ' he said . ' one evening , we even had three australian customers in . they tried the cat hot pot and they said it was delicious . brazen : despite being banned cat meat is freely advertised at the quy beo restaurant in va town - an hour 's drive from the capital hanoi . banned : police officers and lawyers are some of the restaurant 's biggest customers . ' more and more people are eating cat , especially policemen , people high up in the army and the directors of big companies . cat hot pot and stir fried cat are our most popular dishes . ' ngo kept a cage full of cats ready to eat on a baking hot riverbank slope opposite his restaurant , covered with pieces of carpet and bedding to keep the sun off them . many of the cats served up in hanoi were smuggled from laos or china through thai binh province where they are traded and then taken by lorry to hanoi , he said . ' they can move up to 100 tonnes of cats a month from thai binh to hanoi , ' he said . ' it 's very big business . ' former prime minister phan van khai banned cat restaurants in 1997 when a plague of rats was threatening crops across the country . but the ban has been ignored since the plague was brought under control - allowing cat restaurants to flourish without any legal penalties . le duc chinh , vietnam coordinator of the asia canine protection alliance ( acpa ) which campaigns against the eating of both cats and dogs , said : ' sadly , the people who should be enforcing the law are eating in cat restaurants . ' people will stop eating cat meat when they stop eating dog meat . the suffering these intelligent animals go through is the same . ' the problem is people in vietnam have money and they want to try something new . and the army officers and police officers eating it set a bad example . they are educated people and they should stop . ' cats are being illegally smuggled in terrible conditions across borders and from one country to another to supply this industry . and because cats are small , many more of them have to suffer and die to meet demand . ' 