one of argentina 's top referees is under investigation and faces a possible ban after overturning a red card and penalty decision based on a television replay . referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area and showed the arsenal man his second booking of the game . however , the decision was overturned after linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece . one of argentina 's top referees faces a ban after overturning a decision based on a television replay . arsenal 's daniel valencia is dismissed by german delfino after appearing to handle the ball in the area . linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed delfino . delfino overturned the decision - to the annoyance of velez who lost out on a penalty and a man advantage . despite the correct decision being awarded by the referee - replays showed striker mariano pavone was the handball offender and the frontman was subsequently booked - velez were left fuming after the penalty was overturned and valencia was allowed to return to the field . video technology is not allowed in argentine football and , after a melee ensued on the pitch involving players and coaching staff , velez manager miguel angel russo said : ' delfino has every right to change his decision . but by his own decision , not off the television . ' the fifa rules are very clear , they do n't accept technology ... if cameras are to exist then let them be used for everyone . ' velez captain fabian cubero gave an on-pitch interview during the game and said : ' you ca n't change it . what are the rules ? ' arsenal 's valencia was allowed to return to the field while velez striker mariano pavone was shown a yellow . velez players and coaching staff protest at referee delfino after his decision to overturn the decision . velez manager miguel angel russo said : ' delfino has every right to change his decision . but by his own decision , not off the television ' . velez captain fabian cubero gave an on-pitch interview and said : ' you ca n't change it . what are the rules ? ' meanwhile , referee delfino accepted the decision was sloppy and admitted : ' the procedure was horrible . it ca n't happen like this . ' you 've got to be strong . i changed the decision because of my colleague , we are a team . ' if it was handball by pavone then i 'm happy that there was justice ... but it was sloppy and i 'm responsible . ' after his initial reprieve , arsenal 's valencia picked up another booking and was dismissed deep into injury time as velez went on to claim a 2-1 victory .