builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia . the area is famous for its stunning rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts , which have been carved from volcanic ash rock . the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles ( 7km ) of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . scroll down for video . builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia . the city lies beneath the nevşehir fortress ( pictured ) . three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen , leading to vast , winding tunnels . the subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of earth . it lies beneath the nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by turkey 's housing development administration ( toki ) . the multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces , kitchens , wineries , chapels , staircases , according to a report in national geographic . the find is similar to the discovery of another underground city , derinkuyu , which was made in 1963 when a man took down the wall in his basement . a view of the underground city newly discovered in turkey 's central anatolian province of nevsehir , which is famous for fairy chimney rock formations . the city was built from volcanic ash rock . the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles ( 7km ) of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . scientists have yet to discover all its secret passages . cappadocia , or ' kapadokya ' in turkish , translates as ' land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations . millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ' fairy chimneys . ' the volcanic rock , or ' tuff , ' was soft and highly malleable , and proved ideal building material . the idea for underground cities came during the byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the persians , arabs and seljuq turks . the latest find is similar to the discovery of another underground city , derinkuyu , which was made in 1963 when a man took down the wall in his basement . derinkuyu was once home to 20,000 residents living together underground , in a city eleven levels deep with 600 entrances . derinkuyu was once home to 20,000 residents living together underground , in a city eleven levels deep with 600 entrances . it had areas for sleeping , stables , wells , kitchens , ventilation shafts , tombs , communal rooms , bathrooms . like derinkuyu , the latest underground city was built to protect residents from invaders , but remains largely unexplored . but this city is far larger , with early estimates suggesting it could be around a third bigger than derinkuyu . geophysicists from nevşehir university recently conducted a systematic study of a 1.5 mile ( 4 km ) area using geophysical resistivity and seismic tomography . the studies suggest the underground corridors may go as deep as 371ft ( 113 metres ) , but the exact size remains unknown . cappadocia , or ' kapadokya ' in turkish , translates as ' land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations . millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ' fairy chimneys . ' geophysicists from nevşehir university recently conducted a systematic study of a 1.5 mile ( 4 km ) area using geophysical resistivity and seismic tomography . the studies suggest the underground corridors may go as deep as 371ft ( 113 metres ) , but the exact size remains unknown . the subterranean city dates back to around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of earth . pictured are walkways in the derinkuyu underground city , which is in the same region , but smaller than the latest discovery . millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ' fairy chimneys . ' pictured is an entrance to the city . the volcanic rock , or ' tuff , ' was soft and highly malleable , and proved ideal building material . the idea for underground cities came during the byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the persians , arabs and seljuq turks . ' this new discovery will be added as a new pearl , a new diamond , a new gold ' to cappadocia 's riches , hasan ünver , mayor of nevşehir , told national geographic . he says he wants to build ' the world 's largest antique park , ' with boutique hotels and art galleries aboveground , and walking trails and a museum below . ' we even plan to reopen the underground churches , ' he says . ' all of this makes us very excited . ' the idea for underground cities came during the byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the persians , arabs and seljuq turks . pictured on the left is one of its corridors and on the right the excavation site . like derinkuyu , the latest underground city was built to protect residents from invaders , but remains largely unexplored . but this city is far larger , with early estimates suggesting it could be around a third bigger than derinkuyu . cappadocia , or ' kapadokya ' in turkish , translates as ' land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations .