liverpool boss brendan rodgers has revealed how rejection as a young player has inspired him to give the likes of raheem sterling and jordon ibe their break in the first team . rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england at the age of 16 and training with the reading youth team . the reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot despite being promised one has helped him to handle liverpool 's young players . brendan rodgers takes positives from his experience of not making it as a professional footballer . 20-year-old star raheem sterling ( left ) has flourished under the guidance of rodgers . speaking of his experience , rodgers told barclays : ' i felt as a young player i did n't get the chance . i was a talented youth player in northern ireland . ' i came to england , to reading when i was 16 . i was captain of the youth team and was then in the first team squad . ' the manager at the time asked me to play in the reserve game on the monday to get some game time then look to make my first team debut on the wednesday against fulham . the reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a playing career has helped him in the long run . rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england aged 16 . ' when wednesday came , i was expected to play and it ended up that i did n't play . that hit me probably harder than it should have done . ' i felt that from that moment that i was probably never going to get the chance . ' the 42-year-old believes those experiences as a youngster have helped him to nurture the talents of the likes of sterling , who has already made 120 appearances for liverpool at the tender age of 20 . rodgers ( centre ) described himself as a ' talented youth player ' , but he failed to make the grade . rodgers ( middle row , second up ) was on the books at reading where he was captain of the youth team . sterling made his liverpool debut in august , 2012 as liverpool were beaten 2-1 by norwich city . rodgers added : ' but those negative experiences , i was able to turn them into a positive in my life and in my work . ' i could help young players and prepare them . if i told young players they were going to play , they would play . ' there comes a time when you have to let them go . sometimes you never know until they 're in the arena . they just want that opportunity . ' jordan ibe looks to have a bright future at liverpool as rodgers looks to give youth a chance .