shot dead : carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was killed by shotgun blasts from a nevada corrections officer trying to break up a fight he was in . nevada prison guards allegedly staged a 'gladiator-like ' man-on-man fight between handcuffed inmates in the corridors of a maximum-security prison , then broke it up by opening fire with a shotgun . carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs on november 12 of last year . after the two were left to duke it out , a lawsuit filed in state court claims , a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row . the blasts killed perez and left arevalo with wounds to his face , according to the suit , which is seeking damages for a slew of allegations , including wrongful death and excessive force . an attorney for the perez family said the guards knew that if they let the two prisoners - who were supposed to be kept apart - encounter one another in the halls a fight would be inevitable . cal potter said : ' officers know they will see a fight if they release ad seg [ administrative segregation ] inmates that are supposed to be in walk-alone status . ' perez , a two-time felon , was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four , while arevalo was serving six years for burglary . arevalo survived the shots , despite wounds to his face . his attorney plans to file a suit soon . the suit , filed in clark county district court , said : ' defendants ... refused to intervene . on the contrary ( they ) created a gladiator-like scenario and allowed the inmates to fight . ' the lawsuit names two corrections officers and the trainee shooter by last name only . it also names as plaintiffs the state of nevada , prisons chief greg cox and the warden , assistant warden and a lieutenant at high desert state prison . the suit alleges wrongful death ; excessive force ; deliberate indifference to perez 's medical needs ; negligent training and supervision ; and intentional infliction of emotional distress . it seeks unspecified damages , of at least $ 30,000 . ' gladiator fights ' : pictured is high desert state prison in indian springs , nevada , where the shooting took place . clark county 's coroner ruled perez 's death a homicide , with a march 3 finding that he died of gunshot wounds to the head , neck , chest and arms . potter represents perez 's brother , victor perez , and mother , myra perez , both of reno , and two children , ages 3 and 2 . the lawyer said perez 's family was given conflicting statements during initial meetings with prison administrators after his death , and were n't told perez had been shot . he said : ' they were devastated three days later when they went to the mortuary and learned that carlos had ... multiple gunshot wounds to his face and upper body ' . deputy prisons chief brian connett has defended the state department of corrections as a responsible steward of the safety and security of guards and inmates . he said in a march 27 interview the shooting came in response to two inmates fighting at the 3,500-strong prison . he said the three corrections officers who were involved would remain on paid leave pending action by the attorney general . a statement from the prison 's public information office said an investigation of the incident was in the hands of the state attorney general 's office . ' the nevada department of corrections does not comment on pending or ongoing litigation , ' it said . attorney general adam laxalt 's spokeswoman , patty cafferata , said the attorney general was reviewing the report , received march 25 . nevada governor brian sandoval has said local , county and state authorities investigated the shooting , and that laxalt will determine an appropriate course of action . his office refused further comment .