thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in southern china 's guangdong province after the lake became polluted . more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang . workers had rushed to clear the lake , using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out , creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore . thousands of fish , weighing 100 tonnes , have been found dead at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province . a mountain of rotting fish : a team of people have been working to clear the dead fish from the water by piling them up on the nearby shore . others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake which had become contaminated with ammonia , reported the people 's daily online . it may save the few remaining live fish but mr zhang , who founded the business in 1996 , admitted he was not optimistic . the shock death of thousands of fish means he could be facing financial ruin . staff at a commercial fish farm based at the lake found the water had been polluted with an excessive quantity of ammonia leading to the death of the fish . mr zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which which had been using the chemical as fertiliser . while some employees worked hard to remove the thousands of dead animals from the lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province . the farmer stands to lose over 1 million rmb ( £110,000 ) in potential sales , and claimed he would need at least a decade to recover . ' it 's the first time that my fish farming has had such a problem since i started in 1996 . i 'll need another ten years to make up for this loss , ' said mr zhang . ' it has taken me years to build the fish numbers up and my one source of income has vanished almost overnight . ' mr zhang claims the source of the ammonia may have been fertilizer being used at a nearby farm . other workers spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and address the chemical imbalance and try to save the few live fish that remained . the lake had been turned into a commercial fish farm in 1996 by owner zhang feng who says the devastating loss will cost him over 1 million rmb ( £110,000 ) two workers in protective waterproof trousers and jackets , help heave out another box of lost profits from the lake onto the shore . bags upon bags of salt are emptied into a bucket ready to be poured into the water in an attempt to restore the chemical imbalance . the dead fish were discovered floating in the polluted lake on friday morning by the devastated farmer who claims he is facing financial ruin . 