two goals inside the last four minutes saw the yorkshire derby clash between sheffield wednesday and huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw . wednesday substitute sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time . the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday . sergiu bus celebrates putting sheffield wednesday ahead against huddersfield . sheff wed : westwood , vermijl , lees , zayatte , mattock , isgrove , mcgugan , lee ( may 63 ' ) , hutchinson , lavery ( maguire 74 ' ) , nuhiu ( bus 63 ' ) subs not used : buxton , maghoma , dielna , kirkland . goals : bus 86 ' . huddersfield : smithies , smith , hudson , lynch , scannell , coady , edgar , butterfield , james , vaughan , wells ( miller 63 ' ) subs not used : wallace , lolley , carroll , gobern , allinson , majewski . booked : coady , lynch , hudson . goals : miller 89 ' . referee : mark haywood . attendance : 20,851 . huddersfield 's marnick vermijl sent in an early low cross which evaded everyone , and wednesday striker caolan lavery fired in a fierce angled shot which went over . the hosts had another chance when lewis mcgugan tried a shot from the edge of the area that went wide . huddersfield responded with joel lynch firing in a shot on the turn which forced a near-post save from keiren westwood . just a few minutes before the break , the visitors carved out another good opening when , following a scramble , david edgar got in a shot which was cleared off the line by vermijl . six minutes after the restart , wednesday 's atdhe nuhiu looked certain to score . he received the ball from kieran lee , rounded keeper alex smithies and rolled the ball towards the unguarded net , only to see lynch race back to clear off the line . wednesday were down to 10 men for a spell when joe mattock went off injured . after receiving some lengthy treatment , the defender returned to the field with his head bandaged . lavery put a shot off-target after losing his balance and then went down inside the area with reece james in close attention , but referee mark haywood was unimpressed . wednesday head coach stuart gray made a double substitution just after the hour mark with strike duo stevie may and bus replacing lee and nuhiu . huddersfield manager chris powell also made an attacking change shortly after , sending on ishmael miller in place of nahki wells . sheffield wednesday 's kieran lee ( right ) slips a tackle by huddesfield town 's david edgar . miller was soon involved , making a promising run into the area before having a shot , which was blocked , when he could have passed to a team-mate . wednesday substitute bus also had a chance to make a quick impact when he had time inside the area , but his low shot lacked the necessary power to test smithies who gathered easily . miller made another good run into the area and made an unsuccessful appeal for a penalty when he went down under a challenge . wednesday substitute chris maguire 's free-kick was on target but failed to cause a problem for smithies . bus scored to put the hosts in front , following up to turn the ball home from close range after his initial effort was kept out . but with just a minute to go in normal time , miller scored the equaliser after finding himself in space inside the area .     