for many women they are a lifestyle essential prone to a fair amount of wear and tear over time . but now well-heeled handbag lovers are paying as much as £200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea . the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . scroll down for video . handbag lovers are paying as much as £200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea . pictured : an hermes bag ( left ) and a mulberry ( right ) . the handbag clinic has opened in chelsea ( pictured ) to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars sophie hermann and stephanie pratt . it was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair . and amazingly , a trip to the handbag hospital is becoming more and more fashionable , even though the most treatment costs as much as £200 . the company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at the clinic on kings road in chelsea london . they include briefcases and bags belonging to male clients . grubby bags can be spruced-up through one of four available packages which offer everything from a thorough clean , to a fresh coat of colour or a layer of stain-preventing cream . customers can even take out ‘ stain cover’ cover for one handbag for £4.95 or 15 handbags for £19.95 per month . one customer has £100,000 worth of bags on the service . famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas ( right ( and made in chelsea star stephanie pratt ( left ) . customers can visit the new store chelsea , in london , or simply post their bag to clinic . prices are bespoke , depending on how stained or damaged a bag is , with costs for minor repairs starting at £24.95 and the average restoration costing £135 . the company was set up after ben staerck , the director of leather repair company furniture clinic , noticed a surge in demand for specialist bag restoration . mr staerck said : ‘ my father and i launched furniture clinic in 2004 to restore and repair heirloom and vintage pieces of leather furniture . ‘ we soon found our customers were asking us if we could repair their high-end designer handbags because they couldn’t find a specialist handbag workshop they trusted to restore their high-value accessories . as the volume of bags requiring care continued to increase , we decided to form a company devoted exclusively to handbag repair . ‘ demand has soared for work on all types of bags from the likes of chanel , jimmy choo , hermes and mulberry , particularly since the opening of our flagship kings road clinic . ‘ clients from across the world bring their bags with them for repair when they are visiting london , particularly from the us and the middle east . ’ the four available packages include a cleansing scrub where bags are fully cleaned inside and out , and a replenishment package to repair remove stains . more expensive services on offer include total rejuvenation , which also includes a complete coat of colour , and an age-defying service which coats bags with a protective cream to prevent future staining . the first clinic in newcastle , and last month a second high street outlet opened on chelsea’s fashionable kings road , in london . it is believed that women amass a haul of 111 handbags over the course of a lifetime . and the average well-used bag is thought to harbour enough filth to pose a risk to human health . some startling research even found traces of e.coli , a poisonous bacteria , lurking at the bottom of some handbags . and another study even found that some are contaminated with more bacteria than the average toilet .