a suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found near a police station in massachusetts - as more remains have been discovered inside an apartment building . the person , who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday , was taken into custody after the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge on saturday morning , according to authorities . they have not been charged with homicide . instead , they are ' under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' . it comes as additional human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex on 6th street , across the road from where the bag was discovered on the pedestrian-only walkway . scroll down for video . scene : a suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found on loughery way in cambridge , massachusetts , just a block away from a police station . above , police at the scene . evidence : more than a dozen investigators were pictured examining the area where the bag was discovered on saturday morning . some officials were seen removing boxes and bags of evidence from the area ( above ) . speaking at an evening press conference , middlesex district attorney marian ryan said all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has also not been identified by officials . the victim 's death is being treated as a homicide , she added , according to cbs . the duffel bag containing human remains was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company biogen inc , one block away from the police station , on saturday morning , police said . it was described as a large item , similar to a hockey bag , by witnesses . the building was quickly cordoned off , and more than a dozen investigators were seen examining the site throughout the day . some officials were pictured removing boxes and bags of evidence from the area . a spokesman for biogen referred all inquiries to police . the surrounding neighborhood includes kendall square near the massachusetts institute of technology and harvard square . second discovery : it comes as more human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex ( pictured ) on 6th street , across the road from where the bag was discovered just hours earlier . officials and press at the site : speaking at an evening press conference , middlesex district attorney marian ryan said all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , who has also not been identified . after video surveillance led police to the apartment complex where more remains were found , cambridge police commissioner robert haas reassured the building 's residents of their welfare . ' we want to reassure the individuals living in the apartment that they are safe , ' he said during the press conference , adding : ' we do n't think there 's a threat to the community at this point in time . ' residents who left the building were allowed to re-enter only after showing proof they lived there . officers , who were expected to remain there all evening , then escorted them to their apartments . the suspect will be arraigned on monday at cambridge district court . an investigation is ongoing . cordoned off : the duffel bag containing human remains was seen outside a building used by biotechnology company biogen inc , one block away from the police station , on saturday morning , officials said .