english essential : this laminated document announces the new isis nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses . militants fighting for the islamic state terror group in syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak english - something the nhs still has n't introduced . revealing plans to open a school of nursing in isis ' de facto capital raqqa , the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers . among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists , and must speak fluent english . the latter rule is something that even the nhs has yet fully put in place , with nurses who trained in european countries still able to treat patients without any formal language checks thanks to bureaucratic rules barring the nursing and midwifery council testing eu candidates . details of the first nursing school to be opened in isis-held territory were revealed by on twitter by raqqa is being slaughtered silently - an activist group based in the syrian city that uses a network of brave informers to document the daily atrocities carried out by the islamic extremists . ribss shared a photograph of a laminated document written in arabic giving details of the new medical school and listing the entry requirements for would-be nurses . it states that all candidates be aged between 18 and 25 , pass an entry exam , impress during an interview , graduated from secondary school with science qualifications , be willing to travel to any isis-held area , and willing work for isis institutions for at least two years after graduating . the document also states the importance of english - saying candidates will not be accepted without knowing how to speak and understand the language . this is in stark contrast with britain where english language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced , despite legislation being passed last month making them a legal requirement . jihadis : isis has english language rules for all nurses . the nhs does not have the same level of checks . although the law has changed , the nursing and midwifery council must engage in a lengthy consultation process , draft new legislation and seek council approval before it can test the english language skills of nurses who trained within the eu . students graduating from isis ' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating . however the announcement in raqqa promised that graduate nurses who achieved top grades and showed the most promise at the school will be considered for places as isis ' medical school , where they can train for better paid jobs such as doctors and surgeons . isis ' english language rules have been put in place long before the nhs has been able to bring in similar checks . militants : students graduating from isis ' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating . isis has launched english-language radio news bulletins on its iraqi broadcast service - complete with information on the latest suicide bombings and ' martyrdom operations ' . the extremist group 's first english bulletin aired on tuesday on its al-bayan radio network , which already boasts updates in both arabic and russian . the nine-and-a-half minute broadcast , which begins and ends with traditional sounding arabic music , is hosted by a man with an american accent , who takes the listener through the main events of the day . it also boasts of isis fighters ' roasting the flesh ' of their opponents , car bombs killing people and destroying an ' idol ' and so-called ' martyrdom operations ' . it ends thanking the listener for ' tuning in ' . last year the law was changed to make it legal for all foreign nurses , midwives and dentists from outside the european union to be forced to take an ielts language exam if it was felt their english made them unsafe in a medical environment . since then 429 doctors from outside the eu have been refused a licence to practise medicine in the uk because their english language skills are not up to scratch . similar rules were passed last month extending those rules to prospective medical who trained inside the eu , a rule quickly adopted by doctors and dentists . the rule is still not being by the nursing and midwifery council , however , as the regulator requires a lengthy public consultation process before it can amend its rules . even then the law will only apply to candidates who medical authorities judge could be a danger due to poor english language skills . in such an instance the nurse would first be required to prove sufficient english language experience - such as from a gcse-style qualification - or they will be forced to take the british council 's ielts qualification , to access whether they have reached a suitable level for their job .