british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin . russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge nato war games exercise off the coast of scotland , it emerged yesterday . british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin . they are attending exercise joint warrior , designed to send a signal to the president in the face of continuing aggression . britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise , which was hailed by the government as one of the largest land , air , and sea training exercises run in europe . defence secretary michael fallon said the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ‘powerful’ nato was . but last night it emerged that despite tensions with mr putin , britain was still obliged to allow military inspectors into the country . the visit began on monday at lossiemouth and involves experts from the russian national nuclear threat reduction centre , international officials said . russian state media said the team from the centre , part of the counry’s defence ministry , would conduct ‘ a series of checks’ at the exercise . britain has not inspected russian since 2010 , however russia is still obliged to accept inspections twice a year from other countries . under the terms of the vienna document 2011 agreement , nations are permitted to conduct a limited number of inspections on the territories of other signatory states . the uk regularly conducts similar inspections on other nations’ territories . sergey ryzhkov , head of the centre , said : ‘ during the event , the inspectors will visit ranges and plan to hold command briefings on the conducted military activities . ’ it is the first time russian inspectors have attended nato manoeuvres since relations between moscow and the alliance plummeted after the annexation of crimea . nato has withdrawn all cooperation from russia in protest at its aggression in ukraine and stepped up exercises to try to reassure eastern allies who feel threatened by the kremlin . defence secretary michael fallon ( pictured ) said the exercise , involving 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces would show the world how ‘powerful’ nato was . david cameron reiterated mr fallon’s comments last month that the exercise would ‘ send a clear message to those who threaten us’ that the uk and alliance could protect themselves . members are still bound by several arms control and cooperation treaties though . the russian team will be escorted at all times and will only be given unclassified information , the mod in london said . defence sources said it was ‘routine’ and russian officers had last made similar official visits last year . an mod spokesman said : ‘ this routine inspection , which forms part of our obligations under the vienna document 2011 , will have no impact on joint warrior . the inspection party will not have access to any sensitive information and will be accompanied throughout . '