a woman who fractured her neighbour 's skull with a hammer during a street fight as part of an eight-year feud has been jailed . lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street , a court heard . the two families had been ' neighbours at war ' since the colemans moved in next door to the williams family on st catherine’s road , chingford , in 2007 . lisa williams ( pictured leaving court , left ) hit taxi driver david coleman ( right ) three times with the hammer during a street fight . on the morning of the attack , the court heard that william 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the coleman 's front bay windows . when the victim went to confront him , they got into a fight . james benson , prosecuting , said : ‘ mr coleman is not a small man but fairly well built , jonathan williams is bigger built still and is in fact a younger man than mr coleman , ’ he said . ‘ between the two of them punches were thrown by both parties , this was before lisa williams had anything to do with the incident . ‘ ultimately the parties say mr williams gained the upper hand in the fight as the bigger and younger man , and both me went to the ground . ’ at that point the bigger man allegedly straddled mr coleman as williams emerged from their house holding a claw hammer , she then struck him three times to the head . she was only stopped when a third neighbour bernard mason , pulled the hammer out of her hands , and his wife pamela was forced to sit on the her until the police arrived . williams admitted striking mr coleman with a hammer , but claimed she believed he was about to kill her brother and she acted out of panic . warring neighbours : the two families were described as ‘ neighbours at war’ after the colemans ( left ) moved in next door to the williams ' home ( right ) . before fetching the hammer she called 999 from house she shared with her brother and mother , who can be heard screaming ‘ leave him alone , leave him alone’ in the background . williams was convicted of unlawfully wounding mr coleman after a trial at snaresbrook crown court in february . mr benson described the two families as ‘ neighbours at war’ . the victim told the court that the williams family had an irrational hatred of him . he claimed they would throw dog faeces over their garden fence and let their pet bark all hours of the day . mr coleman also believed they would be deliberately noisy and bang on the walls in the morning so he could n't sleep after a night shift . however , recorder richard sutton told the family ‘ it takes two to tango’ . in a victim impact statement , mr coleman said he still suffers headaches and anxiety as a result of the attack , and often has to take days off work as a result . isobel mccarroll , for williams , said : ‘ on the day in questions they were doing home improvements , her brother was out the front and she was doing some gardening , the hammer was in the hallway . ‘ she came across an incident that was in full swing , she was nothing to do with the initial fighting - she came across something that must have been a terrifying scene and she rang 999 first . ’ williams , 49 , was jailed for 30 months today at snaresbrook crown court in london ( pictured ) after she was found guilty of maliciously wounding mr coleman . ‘ she then went and tried to split the parties up , she went back in and she didn’t know if she was going to call 999 again and when she was in she saw the hammer - it might go a considerable way to mitigating the actions that followed . ‘ it was three blows in quick succession and thankfully it was stopped by mr mason . ’ she said williams , who has no previous convictions , has been living apart from her family for two years since the incident and the family are now selling their home on st catherine’s road . jailing williams for two years and six months , the judge said : ‘ you find yourself in a very , very sad situation as you no doubt appreciate , and it has come about because of the situation that has evolved between you and your neighbours . ‘ this in my view was an incident waiting to happen and it was going to be serious and both sides were quite prepared for confrontation as and when it arose . ‘that’s the problem if it becomes violent , you never quite know where it is going to end - i understand that you thought the only way to respond to what was taking place was to arm yourself and it’s that action that the law finds unallowable and therefore criminal . ‘ i accept that there was a substantial amount of provocation’ . williams was also barred from contacting the coleman family indefinitely and ordered to pay a £120 surcharge .