the queen’s staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ‘ ridiculously low’ wages . wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties , including giving guided tours to visitors , for no extra money . union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the ‘country’s richest family’ . wardens at windsor castle ( pictured here collecting flowers laid by well-wishers following the death of the queen mother ) have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay . their main role includes meeting and greeting visitors , conducting security searches , telling people about the history of the castle , and handing out free audio guides . but the public and commercial services union ( pcs ) said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free , such as leading paid-for tours , carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages to overseas visitors . now , staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ‘ years of pay restraint’ . the pcs said 76 wardens out of 180 at the castle will now refuse to host tours of the great kitchen and the tower and will instead ‘ work to rule – meaning they rigidly stick to their contractual obligations . the public and commercial services union said the queen and royal family ( pictured at the castle ) should not ' abuse the ( workers ' ) goodwill by not properly rewarding them ' . wardens are also considering causing ‘disruption’ and ‘ long queues’ by conducting more thorough security searches than usual and ‘ observing every single check they are supposed to do’ – slowing down visitors’ entry to the castle . the wardens work for the royal collection trust , a charity which presides over one of the world’s largest and most important works of art , jewels and artefacts . it is held in trust by the sovereign on behalf of the nation , so they are technically employees of the royal household . a spokesman for the pcs said : ‘ the dispute here is not with the queen and the royal family but the managers who run the castle on their behalf . ‘ the wardens who work at windsor castle are very loyal and want to work for the royal family . ‘ we believe our requests are modest and reasonable and , by not resolving this dispute , the royal collection is dragging the queen’s name into this . that is not what staff want . ’ staff claim they receive poor salaries and perform extra duties such as guiding visitors around windsor castle for no additional money . the union has proposed that wardens receive an extra £150 a year for speaking a foreign language to visitors and an allowance for every day they conduct tours . they claimed that at nearby hampton court palace , owned by a separate charity , wardens received an extra £10 to £15 a day for leading guided tours and that windsor castle staff should also receive ‘ fair recompense’ . the union said they narrowly accepted a poor pay offer last year on the understanding that additional allowances for tours and other skills would be considered this year . but following failed negotiations , non-strike industrial action could now start from the end of april . a royal collection trust spokesman said : ‘ following the union ballot , we have been informed that some pcs-affiliated wardens at windsor castle will no longer participate in various activities undertaken during their working day , including using their language and first-aid skills , and conducting tours of specific areas of the castle during august and september . a spokesman for the royal collection trust , which employee the wardens at one of the official residences of the queen said they were ' disappointed ' with the result of the ballot . ‘ these activities have never been compulsory . it has always been the choice of the individual as to whether they take part . ‘ while the outcome of the ballot is disappointing , it will have no effect on services to visitors to the castle . ’ the royal collection said that only nine wardens were required to conduct tours every day out of an average of 85 wardens in work , and that the industrial action should have ‘ no impact’ on visitors . asked about the threat of slower security searches , a spokeswoman said : ‘ security searches at windsor castle are rigorous and we would expect staff to carry out their usual duties . ’ staff’s wages were raised to the new ‘ living wage’ , which is above the national minimum wage , earlier this month . this increased wardens’ pay from £7.70 an hour ( £14,400 a year ) to £7.85 an hour ( £14,700 ) . but the pcs complained that the living wage officially rose last november and that this wage hike should therefore be back-dated – a condition the royal collection has now agreed to . 