in a beautiful new campaign for vans and & other stories , the woman dubbed the ' world 's oldest supermodel ' has put her younger counterparts to shame . looking radiant , daphne selfe , 86 , shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace . daphne said of the collection , in which she appears with 22-year-old flo dron : ' the & other stories’ collection that is featured in this story is truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist , all in lovely colours . ' 86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 . the images show the new footwear which sees stories make a twist on the classic vans slip on . the shoes are then worn with pieces from the brands ss2015 collection . daphne 's career originally began in 1949 and she once told the express : ' modelling was respectable then so my parents were very happy for me to do it and it was fabulous . ' i still think the fifties was the best time to be a model because the clothes were so lovely . of course we were much more innocent . ' there was no television , only the radio and we 'd never heard of drugs . ' at the time of the interview in 2011 daphne , from baldock , hertfordshire , was still commanding £1,000 per day for her work . daphne looks cool and relaxed as she models the & other stories collection alongside the customised shoes . ' that rate is quite rare but it 's very nice when it comes and helps the pension , ' she said . the model also comes from a time when it was ok to not be super skinny : ' i 'm a big-boned person and back in 1950 i was 10st 7lb , although nobody told me to lose weight . ' i did n't do anything to make myself thin but once i had three children i lost weight and now i 'm 8st . ' my waist is 28 '' so i can sometimes get into a size eight on a shoot but i wear a 10 for comfort . i think it 's ridiculous and very sad that some of the models now have become so skeletal . ' flo and daphne sit side by side as they model almost matching outfits for the two brands . daphne wears a day time look with lace up vans ( left ) changing into a red dress for another picture ( right ) . the model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox . she once said : 'i’ve never had anything done to my face . ' not that poison [ botox ] , not a facelift . i think it’s a waste of money . anyway , i couldn’t afford it ! ’ she previously revealed to the mailonline that she posed nude back in the day for artists such as barbara hepworth . the outfits chosen for the campaign look great no matter what age the model is . she revealed that she keeps her grey hair , which is brushed down around her shoulders in the new campaign , long because it is cheaper . she said : ' my hair is long now because it’s cheaper , i don’t have to do anything , but put it in a topknot or a french pleat . ' it avoids that old lady permed look , lengthens the neck and lifts the face . i’ve got so many friends who don’t touch the make-up pot . you should keep looking nice , it makes you feel so much better . ’ in modelling shots taken from the earlier part of her career daphne shows off her effortless grace . daphne is known for her timeless beauty and has previously admitted to never having had any surgery . daphne took part in the dare to wear campaign in 2014 for the trafford center in manchester . over the last few years daphne has landed a number of campaigns with well known brands . in 2013 she was chosen to work for tk maxx and last year she fronted the dare to wear campaign for the trafford center in manchester . daphne says that she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle : ' my parents gave me good genes and health , and i have always eaten sensibly . ' i was brought up through the war so the phrase `` make do and mend '' has never done me any harm . i always try to make the best of everything , to stay positive and to have a healthy lifestyle . ' flo looked stunning in a red dress with a matching bag and slip on vans shoes .