ian murray reckons a supposedly easier run-in can swing second place hibs ' way ahead of rangers in the last month of the championship season . his dumbarton side have faced both of his former teams in the league this term and will do so once again in the final weeks of the campaign . but while stuart mccall 's men have the momentum at present - beating hibs and cowdenbeath while alan stubbs ' men also lost to raith - murray would n't be surprised to see the balance of power swing back towards easter road before long . dumbarton boss ian murray believes that rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . rangers - currently level on points but having played a game less - still have two matches to play against title winners hearts , including sunday 's match at ibrox , while the leith side take on their city rivals just once more . hibs : april 4 queen of the south ( h ) ; april 8 dumbarton ( a ) ; april 12 hearts ( h ) ; april 22 livingston ( a ) ; april 25 alloa ( h ) ; may 2 falkirk ( a ) . rangers : april 5 hearts ( h ) ; april 9 queen of the south ( a ) ; april 12 raith ( h ) ; april 15 livingston ( a ) ; april 18 dumbarton ( a ) ; april 25 falkirk ( h ) ; may 2 hearts ( a ) . ' rangers got a good result against cowdenbeath last saturday to keep themselves in contention and i think it 's going to be close but i still believe hibs have the easier run-in , ' said murray . ' they do have tough games as well including one against hearts and if they 're serious about finishing second , they need to beat the likes of ourselves and queen of the south at easter road this saturday . ' the derby will take care of itself . i think it 's going to be really tight and i ca n't see either side going through the rest of the season undefeated . both will drop points . ' but the fact rangers play hearts twice and one of those games is on the final day of the season does n't help them . with hearts getting the trophy at tynecastle after that match , it does n't do them any favours as that 's a game rangers might need to win . ' hibs were favourites to finish second for a while after they beat rangers 4-0 at easter road then 2-0 at ibrox and because of the lack of form rangers were showing . both wins were comfortable and suggested hibs had overtaken rangers . although they 've been pegged back since , i still think hibs are slightly ahead . ' rangers ' attacking midfielder haris vuckic , on loan from newcastle , scores against cowdenbeath at irbox . the team finishing second face a potential four games to get back into the top flight , while the third team have a potential six . murray 's dumbarton team are virtually assured of a place in next year 's second tier thanks to a 14-point lead over second-bottom cowdenbeath and could become mathematically safe this weekend after they play jimmy nicholl 's strugglers on saturday . but the 34-year-old is adamant his side will still have plenty to play for as they look to have a say in who goes up and down . murray added : ' we 'll play cowdenbeath and alloa which is obviously huge for them at the bottom of the table . ' we still have to go to queens and we 've got rangers and hibs at home so we 've got games that are meaningful for others . ' there 's no pressure on us at all now so we can go out and play with a bit more freedom and be a bit more relaxed than normal . ' but it wo n't be a case of us not turning up . we want to get as big a gap as we can between ourselves and the relegation places . ' 