from underground bunkers and tactical bicycles to heavily armored vehicles , they were taught new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster - and also met some tv stars . hundreds of survivalists and so-called ' preppers ' , of all ages and levels of ' experience ' , descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon . during the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . they were also greeted by actors from the amc hit show ' the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off . scroll down for video . motoped : hundreds of survivalists and so-called ' preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the first ever preppercon . above , ken stone demonstrates the motoped survival bike . suitable for zombie hunting ? the motoped is described as a vehicle that can ' go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . it has a 500-mile ( 805km ) range , a 200 mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack . tactical weapons : niel burnett , of covers & camo , clutches a gun as he demonstrates ' prepper and tactical seat covers ' during preppercon , which also featured actors from the amc hit show ' the walking dead ' . dress-up : attendees learned new ways to store food , were led around underground bunkers , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . above , an image tweeted by preppercon organizers . scott stallings , one of preppercon 's founders , said the event was inspired by comiccon 's success , adding that he had amped up the entertainment with the hope of attracting younger attendees . he said that utah made sense for america 's first expo because of the mormon culture 's emphasis on food storage and self-reliance . among the expo 's main events was a zombie costume contest . ' in the prepping industry , we look at zombies as a metaphor , ' said mr stallings , who lives in murray . ' anyone that 's coming to take away your stuff , your safety , inflict harm on your family . ' vendors who filled the south towne expo center on friday and saturday showed off an array of gear to help people survive a zombie apocalypse , a natural disaster or life in the wilderness . this gear included knives of all shapes and sizes , hi-tech gadgets , food storage units , first aid supplies and armored trucks . there were also live demonstrations and the survival cooking contest . motoped employee ken stone showed off the motoped survival bike , described by the company as a ' tactical blank canvas ' with a 500-mile range , 200mpg efficiency and a heavy-duty universal rack . hideout : scott stallings , one of preppercon 's founders , said he had amped up the entertainment with the hope of attracting younger attendees . above , mike peters , with ultimate bunker , is pictured lying on a bunk in a 100 per cent steel underground bunker on the first day of the event at utah 's south towne expo center . bunker : mr stallings said that utah made sense for the first expo because of the mormon culture 's emphasis on food storage and self-reliance . above , mr peters stands in front of the impressive underground bunker . armored : robert and dori wickert look at a prototype combat vehicle during the preppercon expo on friday . demonstration : sam warren climbs into the vehicle as hundreds of survivalists and ' preppers ' eagerly watch . contest : preppercon organizers took to twitter to encourage attendees to dress up in their best zombie gear . the motoped survival bike is described as something in between a 'hard-core downhill mountain bike and a fully-fledged motorcycle ' . it can be pedaled or motored without stopping to make a change , and can ' go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . unit weight : 132 pounds . range : 500 miles ( 805 km ) . efficiency : 200 mpg ( 1.2 l/100km ) top speed : 24mph . engine displacement : 49cc / 125cc . max horsepower : 49cc - 2.41 hp @ 7500 rpm / 125cc - 7.78 @ 7500 rpm . front suspension : adjustable dnm usd-8 forks ( 8 '' travel ) . rear suspension : adjustable dnm burner - rcp2 shock . seat height : 35 '' ( adjustable ) . cost : $ 2,499 . source : motoped . the $ 2,500 bike can be pedaled or motored without stopping to make a change , and can ' go where stand alone bicycles or motorcycles ca n't ' . but with a top speed of 24mph , could it outrun zombies ? the company certainly appears to think so . ' this bike was built for the creative survivalist . apply your favorite gear and escape with your life , ' an online description of the vehicle reads . following preppercon , miller , 15 , told kutv that she thought the expo had been ' really cool ' and that salt lake city was a ' gorgeous ' region . ' i enjoy meeting the fans and getting their perspective on the show , ' she added . the north carolina teenager was joined at the event on saturday by her co-star , theo crane . celebrity survival expert mykel hawke , a retired u.s. army special forces officer who is best known for his role on the reality tv series ' man , woman , wild ' , also made an appearance . on its website , preppercon describes a ' prepper ' as ' a person who believes a major disaster or emergency is likely to occur in the future and makes active preparations for it . ' prepared : beryl paffrath , left , handles a akdal 1919 , ar-15 style , 12 gauge shotgun , while matthew kitterman , of mtk arms , looks on during the expo . the two-day event was apparently inspired by comiccon 's success . apocalypse : preppercon tweeted this screenshot from its event commercial , made by centerstar marketing . actress : ' the walking dead ' star addy miller took pictures with fans and acted as a judge in an emergency preparedness food cook-off . above , the actress told kutv that she thought the expo was ' really cool ' . enthusiastic : miller , 15 , took to twitter last week to promote her appearance at preppercon in salt lake city . they do so by ' stockpiling food , ammunition , and other supplies ' , it says . in relation to its two-day expo , it adds : ' we combine the best of entertainment , emergency preparedness , gun shows , off-grid living and survival into one incredible experience . ' preppercon 's motto is ' prepare . protect . survive . thrive . ' a single day pass for the event was $ 14.00 , while a two-day pass was priced at $ 25.00 .