a girl who believed she had a bad hangover was found to have 13 blood clots in her lungs . holly barber , from manchester , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains – but chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before . but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly . she was treated with medication but , incredibly , a year later was dealt another blow – when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung . holly barber , 25 , was horrified to be told she had 13 blood clots in her lungs as she believed she was suffering was just a bad hangover . she is pictured before ( left ) and after her diagnosis ( right ) . ms barber began coughing up blood and was having difficulty breathing , so rushed to hospital . it was there doctors diagnosed pulmonary embolisms - blood clots that were blocking the arteries in her lungs . she was horrified to be told the blockage was so big she was probably days from death . she now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots , but the shock of the ordeal has led her to completely changed her lifestyle . she has given up drinking and taken up exercise in an effort to lead the healthiest life possible , and wants to encourage other to do the same . ms barber , who has set up her own diet business , said : ' i was so scared when i started coughing up blood , i had no idea what was happening to me but i knew it was n't a hangover . ' i used to love partying with friends but after suffering from 13 blood clots , i knew i needed to change my ways . ' a terrifying experience like this gives you a brand new outlook and makes you appreciate things so much more , i 'm lucky to be alive . ' i did like a drink but you have to look at the bigger picture . ' a pulmonary embolism is a blockage in the pulmonary artery , which is the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . as in miss barber 's case , it can be life threatening , as it can prevent blood from reaching the lungs . a pulmonary embolism is a blockage in the pulmonary artery , which is the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . this blockage – usually a blood clot – is potentially life threatening , as it can prevent blood from reaching the lungs . the symptoms of a pulmonary embolism can sometimes be difficult to recognise because they can vary between individuals . but the main symptoms include : chest pain – a sharp , stabbing pain that may be worse when you breathe in . shortness of breath – this can come on suddenly or develop gradually . coughing – this is usually dry , but may include coughing up blood or mucus that contains blood . feeling faint , dizzy or passing out . a person should visit their gp as soon as possible if you have a combination of these symptoms . if symptoms are particularly severe , dial 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance . source : nhs choices . the symptoms , feeling dizzy , chest pain , coughing and being short of breath can sometimes be difficult to recognise because they can vary between individuals . ms barber first discovered she was battling with pulmonary embolisms in 2012 , when she was 22-years-old . she was feeling weak and ill , but had been heavily drinking and partying a few days before , so she presumed it was just a bad hangover . then she started coughing up blood , struggling to catch her breath and suffering from chest and neck pains so her mother carol mack , 54 , and stepfather bob tomkins , 57 , decided to rush her to hospital . a scan revealed she had 13 blood clots in her lungs , though it was found they had not spread from her legs , where clots normally form . despite many tests , nothing could explain what had caused her pulmonary embolisms . the only possible risk factor was the contraceptive pill , which she stopped taking straightaway . she was put on heparin injections – which thin the blood - to prevent any blood clots from reoccurring , as well as other drugs to reduce the pain . ms barber said : ' i had to inject myself every month and i was on pain relief for some months after suffering from my blood clots . ' i was constantly anxious for a year and i suffered from panic attacks and anxiety . ' because of this anxiety , when she got a similar pain again in may 2013 - almost exactly a year later - she just thought that she was being paranoid and chose to ignore it . luckily , she eventually forced herself to go back to hospital and a ct scan revealed she had a melon-sized blockage in her right lung . the blood clot has entered the artery of her right lung after passing through the heart , and had blocked the artery , cutting off blood supply so a large part of the lung tissue around it had died . ms barber said : ' it was the size of a melon and almost covered my heart , if i had left it any longer i would have died . a year later , ms barber was rushed to hospital again , and doctors found a melon-sized blockage in her lungs . she is pictured here with partner steven , who she lives with in manchester . before her illness ( left and right ) , ms barber was a ' party girl ' and loved to drink . she has now given up drinking in favour of a healthy lifestyle . ' i did like a drink but you have to look at the bigger picture ' , she said . she will now have to take the warfarin , which stops her blood from clotting , for the rest of her life . the shock of being diagnosed twice has meant she has decided to turn her life around . some doctors advised she should n't exercise because the pulmonary embolisms meant her lungs ' ability to pump oxygen around the body was reduced . but she has found safe ways to exercise and plans to run the great manchester run in may to show other sufferers that it is possible . she said : ' i 'm so thankful to be alive , i have set up my own healthy lifestyle business called healthy fit + which helps others make the right lifestyle choices . ' i have never felt better and i hope my story shows others who have suffered from pulmonary embolisms that they can achieve their fitness goals . ' ms barber has been with her boyfriend steven , who works for a solar panel company , for nearly four years and they now have their own flat in manchester together . but ms barber is uncertain whether her reduced lung capacity will mean she will be able to have children . she said : ' i really want children in the future because i am a maternal person but it would be a high risk pregnancy . ms barber has now set up her own diet business , hoping to encourage others to take up healthy habits . ' i would have to be in a good condition , hence my healthy lifestyle now . ' dr noel snell , director of research at the british lung foundation , said : ' a pulmonary embolism - better known as a blood clot in the lungs - causes a blockage in a pulmonary artery , the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . ' some blood clots can be life-threatening , for example a large clot in the main artery . ' sometimes people will get multiple small recurrent blood clots and will notice that they become increasingly breathless and experience chest pains - these can be quite difficult to spot and are often diagnosed late . ' to help ms barber raise funds for her greater manchester run visit her just giving page .