depression : nurse victorino chua wrote a long note in which he said he had ' a devil in me ' , manchester crown court has heard . a nurse accused of murdering three patients in a hospital poisoning spree warned there was ‘ a devil’ in him , a jury heard yesterday . victorino chua penned what he called a ‘ bitter nurse confession’ in which he spelled out ‘ how an angel can turn to an evil person’ . in 13 pages of rambling , broken handwritten english , the filipino nurse said he might ‘explode’ at any time , adding : ‘ if i will be pushed , they gon na be sorry . ’ chua is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012 . his lawyers say the document – found in his home following his arrest – is not a criminal confession but an ‘ outlet for his anger and frustration’ written at the suggestion of a counsellor 12 months before the first alleged poisoning . but questioned by detectives after his arrest for changing patients’ prescriptions on the wards , the 49-year-old said : ‘ sometimes i snap’ . dependant on painkillers , sleeping tablets and antidepressants , chua also wrote that he sometimes felt like killing himself , but feared he would ‘ go straight to hell no questions asked’ . as the prosecution in his trial at manchester crown court drew to a close yesterday after nearly three months , the jury were read the entire document which was found in a kitchen drawer of his home in stockport after he was arrested in january 2012 . chua sat impassively in the dock as jurors were told how over more than a dozen pages of sometimes hard-to-follow broken english written in scrawling capital letters , he recounts the story of his life , beginning : ‘ my name is victorino domingo chua . ’ document : extracts from the 13-page note show that chua wrote about ' a devil in me ' , going ' straight to hell ' and being ' an evil person ' making a ' bitter nurse confession ' . in the document , the father of two said he was writing ‘ in case something happen to me ( so ) my family can continue my case or can tell somebody to look at it and work out how and ( sic ) angel turn to an evil person’ . he added : ‘ the bitter nurse confession . got lots to tell but i just take it to my grave . my family will make history here in england . ’ the jury has been told the ‘case’ refers to a complaint he had lodged against his local gp surgery after it mistakenly posted his confidential medical records to a different address . in a later addition to the document dated december 2010 , chua described how he could control the number of painkillers he took for back and knee pain when he was at home – but at work he ‘can’t help it to take more than the limit’ . he added : ‘i’m just telling them i’m fine and alright just to shut there ( sic ) mouth . ‘ still inside of me i can feel the anger that any time it will explode ... just still hanging on ... can still control it but if i will be pushed they gon na be sorry . ’ earlier he wrote how he was avoiding going drinking with friends , adding : ‘ they thought i’m a nice person but there ( is ) a devil in me . ’ deaths on the ward : ( left to right ) patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 and derek weaver , 83 . allegations : chua is accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport , pictured . the jury was also read sections of chua’s police interviews during which he was asked about working on two wards where he is alleged to have murdered patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 , and 83-year-old derek weaver . he replies : ‘ sometimes i snap . ’ asked what he meant , chua said he would tell colleagues to ‘ leave me alone’ because if they distracted his work on the busy admissions unit he would be ‘ back to square one again’ . chua said he normally did a 44-hour week with up to 12 hours’ overtime , doing the overnight shift so he could help his wife with their children during the day . in the document , chua described his upbringing in the philippines and how his life changed when his wealthy businessman father split from his mother . once ‘ the envy’ of relatives and neighbours , he and his siblings struggled to get by after the marriage breakdown . he described befriending wealthy students by buying them drugs or dealing for them , while earning extra money by doing odd jobs like washing cars . he lived with his grandmother , who he said pushed him into nursing even though ‘ i don’t like it’ . he had a difficult relationship with his father , he said , and when he saw him suffer a fatal heart attack in 1986 ‘ i didn’t feel anything’ . chua described himself at that time as ‘ a naughty boy , doing bad things’ , taking medical gear from the manila hospital where he worked and selling them to people who couldn’t afford treatment . ‘i’m evil , at the same time angel , ’ he wrote . eventually he lost his job and supported his new wife and their young daughter by buying and selling cars before applying to work in britain in 2002 . he started working at care homes in warrington and stockport , suffering a prolapsed disc hoisting a patient in 2003 which left him dependant on painkillers , a problem made worse when he later injured his knee falling in snow . after he started work at stepping hill hospital in 2009 – which he said he ‘loved’ – chua described his state of mind as ‘can’t sleep , paranoid and mental’ and said he would stay in his room all day . he hated noise and shopping trips , adding : ‘ i see small things as a big problem . ’ he wrote that he went to visit relatives in japan and considered not returning , but decided to stay in england . chua added that he sometimes wanted to ‘ end my life’ but needed to be with his family , adding that ‘ if i go , i go straight to hell no question ask ( ed ) ’ . chua denies murder as well as 24 counts of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm with intent , eight of attempting to administer poison , one of causing grievous bodily harm with intent and one of administering poison . the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .