chelsea and tottenham hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to under 21 league leaders manchester united after playing out a goalless draw at wheatsheaf park . spurs went into the game at staines town sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with the red devils , while the defending champions were only three points behind the north london outfit . both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points , with spurs looking more likely to break the deadlock in the second half following a first period dominated by chelsea . ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term . chelsea ( 4-3-3 ) : beeney , dabo , aina , clarke-salter , dasilva , colkett , houghton , loftus-cheek ( boga 37 ) , brown , solanke ( abraham 82 ) , mitchell ( musonda 67 ) . subs not used : collins , palmer . tottenham ( 4-3-3 ) : mcgee , yedlin , mcqueen , amos , lesniak , carter-vickers , mcevoy , winks , akindayini , ceballos ( walker-peters 69 ) , miller . subs not used : loft , ross , miles . mitchell beeney fumbled a low 20-yard attempt from cristian ceballos , but the chelsea stopper was fortunate to see the ball roll through his legs and back off the post before gathering . chelsea could have scored a dramatic winner in injury time but luke mcgee made a superb double stop to deny an izzy brown header , before quickly recovering to stop tammy abraham from close range on the follow up . the result saw spurs climb to third behind united and liverpool while the blues remain eighth . despite the lack of goals , spurs under 21 boss ugo ehiogu will be encouraged by his side 's display with usa international deandre yedlin impressing at right-back , especially in the second half with a lively attacking display . the blues started talented prospect ruben loftus-cheek , but the midfielder was forced off injured after just 37 minutes with a knock . deandre yedlin is already a senior international for the united states and impressed at right-back for spurs . 