most couples will admit to assisting each other with the odd bit of behind-closed-doors grooming , but it usually goes as far as squeezing a hard-to-reach pimple . but sharon and mike tierney have taken their mutual upkeep to a whole new level , believing that ' the couple that waxes together , stays together . ' the sydney-based duo set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs . sharon , 45 , trims her 40-year-old husband 's eyebrows , wax his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair . scroll down for video . high maintenance : sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming . you wax my back , i 'll wax yours : sharon trims her husband 's eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hairs , while he returns the favours with waxing , spray tans and eyelash tints . for his part , mike has been well trained in the art of waxing , and waxes her underarms , legs , upper lip and chin , and can even perform a brazilian wax . the british ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give sharon a spray tan . sharon admits while some women are horrified about their man seeing their lady parts in all their hairy glory , she says there 's no limitations to their marriage . 'he’s seen everything , there’s nothing i would n't not let him see , ' she told daily mail australia . being a well-groomed gentleman can be a dangerous undertaking though . regime : while most couples may admit to assisting each other with squeezing the odd hard-to-reach pimple , but sharon and mike take it to a whole new level . close cut : one hair incident involved sharon attempting to give her husband a ' number one ' , and ended up cutting his scrotum . ' he says it’s for neatness , ' sharon said of her husband 's preference for a ' number one ' in the pubic region , ' but i think it’s to gain that precious “ optical inch” . ' one evening during their usual pluck , wax and clipping session , things got a little bit hairy . ' i thought we should stretch the optical illusion to its limits , so i removed the clipper guard to get the closest possible trim . we were coasting along brilliantly until we hit the scrotum and its soft , sagging , sensitive skin , ' she said . the worst happened , and a poor , screaming mike was left with a bleeding cut in the most sensitive of body parts . ' i was just trying to make his penis look bigger , ' said sharon . ' not that it’s not big , but that’s what men want isn’t it ? ” ' the trimmed twosome began their mutual grooming regime together 13 years ago . the couple met in london at a pop idol party when sharon was on a holiday to the uk . their fling turned into a relationship , with sharon moving to london . during her time their , she struggled to find a decent waxing therapist . upon returning to australia , sharon spent six months training in beauty therapy to open her own salon , and turned to her husband to play guinea pig . guinea pig : mike was enlisted when sharon was training to become a professional waxer and needed someone to practise on . mike was enlisted to step in when she was training up her junior therapists . ' one of the girls said her boyfriend could do it but they broke up two days before and we needed a model and i told mike we were desperate - and he agreed , sharon told daily mail australia . ' god love him , there he was butt naked in front of my blonde , 20 year old staff , he would do anything to support me . ' in business : after struggling to find a decent wax while living in london , sharon trained and opened her own salon upon returning to australia . ' he 's a good sport and just goes along with it - which is nice because he 's english and very conservative - it shows he will do anything for me . ' ' i get mike to use a bit of both types of wax . usually strip wax on your labia is too sensitive , so i use it around the edges and use a hot wax on intimate areas , such as veet naturals warm wax . ' while the sliced scrotum was n't severe enough to land mike in the hospital , an ill-timed bout of appendicitis did spell embarrassment for the englishman . ' it was only an hour after getting waxed he was rushed to hospital with emergency appendicitis , ' said sharon . ' a young female doctor said , `` i 'm really sorry we have to check your testicles , '' and he was so embarrassed . from london to oz : the couple met in the uk when australian sharon was there on holiday 13 years ago . metro man : from clipping and trimming to waxing and tinting , men are more open to beauty maintenance than ever . ' she asked what i did for a living and i said - `` you’re about to find out ! '' she was in fits of laughter when i told her and poor mike had all these doctors checking out his freshly waxed scrotum . ' ' but in the end because all the hospital staff knew , everyone ended up taking brochures and we got a heap of new clients , so it turned it into a positive thing . not to mention he quite enjoyed all the nurses saying `` oh you’re the one with the brazilian . '' ' as for their ventures ' down under ' together , sharon has now written a tell-all book to give women guidance on what 's normal down there and a expose on their hilarious adventures together , aptly titled ' the vagina buffet . ' ' i think when you put your hand on someone’s vagina it’s like they get verbal diarrhoea , they want to get comfortable with you and tell you everything , it’s unbelievable how much i 've learned about people and the vagina . '