if you have ever wanted to roll down a drawbridge to let your guests come through the battlement towers to your castle ... .now you have your chance ! a 12th century castle that was once used as a fortress by napoleon has gone on the market for a gigantic £4,887,164 ( $ 7,510,569 ) . castello baronale , situated just 31 miles ( 50km ) from rome , towers 3,280ft over sea level , and includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre . king of your castle ! castello baronale has been tastefully restored to combine modern living whilst maintaining remnants of the property 's illustrious past . grand entrance ! the original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers ( left ) , with a venetian library inside to impress guests ( right ) . those who love books will be enticed by the incredible library decorated in the venetian style and historians will be enthralled by a further room dedicated to a collection of military armour and weaponry . elisa biglia , head of international office co-ordinator at great estate group , said : ' the impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view . ' the entire structure is in an excellent state of repair . all fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards . ' after dinner entertainment : relax watching a movie in your own home cinema , that can be used for theatrical productions . luxury setting ! a relaxing spa room is set within the castle 's walls , for a peaceful retreat after a hard day 's work . dip with a view ! sunbathe on a lounger , or take a swim in the castle 's sizeable pool , which boasts picturesque views of the italian countryside . as well as looking foreboding , the castle boasts a colourful history as well . built in the 12th century , the castle was born by pope urban viii 's nephew , cardinal barberini , in 1541 . the fort remained in the family for 400 years , until it was sacked by napoleon when he plundered the castle 's gold and used it as a fortress for the french revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 . it was handed back to the barberini family when napoleon was defeated , and remained in their family until 1993 when the property was sold and redeveloped . not for the faint hearted , the castle shows remnants of military quarters with ammunition storage areas , firing positions , ancient prison cells and even an area previously used for carrying out executions . the castle has stone towers , and even a wooden drawbridge , to fulfil all your childhood fantasies of living in a fort . the 12th century castle has been tastefully kept and preserved over the years , since when it used to belong to the barberini family . knight of the round table ? an impressive table sits among bookcases in the stunning castle that was once taken by napoleon . work out in the gym area , or relax in the luxurious spa section of the castle , situated just 50km from rome . in 1541 the nephew of pope urban viii , cardinal barberini , bought the property that was then kept in the family for over 400 years . the castle was sacked by napoleon bonaparte when he plundered all of the estate 's gold and used the castle as a fortress for french revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 . the castle incorporates nine en-suite bedrooms , along with a further 2 rooms in an adjacent apartment , a large ballroom , various reception rooms , theatre room , library , gymnasium and fitness area . elisa biglia , head of international office co-ordinator at great estate group , said : ' the impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view . ' the entire structure is in an excellent state of repair . all fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards ' . castello baronale , situated just 50km from rome , towers 3,280ft over sea level and can be yours for a whopping £4,887,164 . 