it may have been bugs bunny 's favourite treat but an animal charity has warned that too many carrots are making the nation 's pet rabbits fat . the pdsa has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high , with experts predicting that more than half will be classed as overweight within five years . around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . too many treats , the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation 's bunnies into giants , the charity added . scroll down for video . grace the giant overweight rabbit has joined the pdsa's annual pet fit club competition for overweight animals . carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat , not as regular feed . nicola martin , pdsa head of pet health and welfare , said : ' sadly , many of our 1.3 million pet rabbit population in the uk are ' unhappy bunnies ' , as many of their welfare needs are being neglected . ' the good news however is that pet obesity is entirely preventable . experts have warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years with carots named as the worst culprits for bunny obesity . now in its tenth year , the pet fit club puts pets on a six-month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one being crowned a super slimmer . ' so we 're advising owners that , while feeding their pet a treat may be rewarding in the short term , as a way of showing affection , the long term impact is serious . they could be killing them with kindness . ' pdsa research revealed that four-out-of-five veterinary professionals had seen an increase in pet obesity cases in the last two years . the problem of fat pets has become some widespread that the runs an annual pet fit club competition to put them through their paces . porky pets are placed on a six-month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets , leading to one being crowned a super slimmer . a veterinary nurse holds bulldog daisy from middlesbrough , who weighs 28kg - she is one of 17 of the uk 's podgiest pets , who are competing in an annual competition known as pet fit club . andy cage from petaid hospital says that obesity is one of the biggest animal welfare problems . last year 's candidates included daisy the obese bulldog from middlesbrough , who at 4st 6lb , was double the weight she should have been . fellow rabbit poppy was a third heavier than she should be at more than 7lb – mainly due to a taste for popcorn . owner donna manson said that her rabbits are not dissimilar to us , piling on the pounds over winter , the peak time for comfort eating . zorro , a three-year-old ginger tom from dundee , became so fat he could no longer groom himself and would often wake owner linda petrie in the middle of the night for his favourite snack : cheese and onion crisps . donna said that she had no idea that some of the treats she was giving to her bunnies were so fattening . a happy bunny : poppy the rabbit was one of last year 's competitors in the pdsa pet fit club who has slimmed down now ( right ) forweighed 7lbs ( left ) when she entered . ginger tom zorro has become so overweight he is unable to groom himself . ' i 've tried to cut down on the carrots and apples , as i 've recently learned that they are both high in sugar and not the healthy snacks i thought they were , ' she added . other candidates included a cat that can open the fridge and a jack russell with a taste for doner kebabs . pdsa pet fit club was launched in 2005 and has already helped 57 dogs , 24 cats and 3 rabbits lose a total of 295kg ( 46 stone 6lb ) . this weight loss is the equivalent of nearly 300 bags of sugar , more than 4,400 sausages , 740 tins of dog food or over 1,000 blocks of lard . senior veterinary surgeon , andy cage , from dundee petaid hospital , said that having over weight animals is not just a nuisance , it is also an issue of cruelty . ' obesity is one of the biggest welfare issues affecting pets in the uk today . sadly , it also means millions of pets are at risk from potentially life-threatening health problems related to obesity . ' but the good news is that obesity is entirely reversible . '