patients who are too fat could be denied routine operations to save money , a survey of health bosses has revealed . more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments . several have admitted they may impose ' eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight . more than a third of health trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money , according to a new study . the criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their body mass index , which measures obesity . when senior managers at 67 clinical commissioning groups – local health trusts – were asked , 39 per cent said they were planning to ' limit access ' to routine treatment for financial reasons . procedures affected include varicose vein treatment , hip and knee replacement , and breast reduction surgery . others said smokers might be denied some treatments , most commonly ivf . senior doctors criticised the plans and accused health managers of denying patients vital treatment simply because they were considered to be ' undeserving ' . dr david paynton , of the royal college of gps , said : ' decisions about whether our patients are eligible for surgery or treatment need to be made on a case-by-case basis and by whether surgery will benefit a patient 's long-term physical and mental health . ' it should not be the role of ccgs to impose blanket bans on patients ' access to surgery , nor to decide who is and who is not deserving of potentially life-saving treatments based on their lifestyle choices . obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment , hip and knee replacement , pictured , and breast reduction surgery , while smokers could be banned from having ivf on the nhs . ' of course , some procedures can not be performed on patients who are above a certain weight . ' in these cases , a clinical decision needs to be made about whether surgery would be beneficial if the patient lost weight – but this is a separate issue . ' katherine murphy , chief executive of the patients association , said : ' each case must be individually assessed and each decision must be ethical and in the best interests of the patient . ' it is easy to target vulnerable patients and we must be very careful not to unfairly discriminate against people who are n't always able to speak out . ' a conservative party spokesman said : ' if health bodies stop patients from having treatments on the basis of cost alone , then we will take action against them . ' there are 211 ccgs in england so the survey by the health service journal covered just under a third . last year , a ccg in devon threatened to ban all non-urgent treatments for anyone severely obese with a bmi above 35 . this is equivalent to a 5ft 6in woman of 16st or a 6ft man being 18st 13lb . after an outcry , the policy was dropped . a survey by gp magazine last month found that 80 per cent of ccgs ration at least one procedure to patients who are very obese . doctors have blamed excess sugar and carbohydrates for the surge in obesity – not the lack of exercise . they said poor diet was now recognised as being responsible for more disease than physical inactivity , alcohol and smoking combined . yet , said the experts led by cardiologist dr aseem malhotra , the public wrongly believed that obesity was due to a sedentary lifestyle . the doctors claimed that obesity has rocketed in the past 30 years , despite little change in physical activity levels . ‘ this places the blame for our expanding waistlines directly on the type and amount of calories consumed , ’ said dr malhotra . ‘ let us bust the myth of physical inactivity and obesity . you can not outrun a bad diet . ’ in the british journal of sports medicine , the doctors added that the ‘ false perception’ on the cause of obesity stems from corporate marketing ‘ chillingly similar’ to that used by the tobacco industry . they cited coca-cola associating its products with sport ‘ suggesting it is ok to consume their drinks as long as you exercise’ . dr malhotra , who works at frimley park hospital , surrey , is an adviser to the campaign group action on sugar . around two-thirds of britons are overweight or obese . the government’s obesity adviser professor susan jebb said the doctors failed to note that the best way to lose weight was combining a better diet with physical activity . ‘ rather than trade one off against the other – sugar vs fat , diet vs activity , individual vs population – we need to take action across the full range , ’ she added . tackling obesity without addressing physical activity was ‘ tying one hand behind our backs’ said the professor . ‘ it makes good sense to seek to change both diet and activity behaviours . ’