noelle reno , socialite , reality tv star and former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london’s marylebone on to the railings below . in a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ‘suicide’ , pre-empting any coroner’s verdict . socialite noelle reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west london home last year , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his horrific death . the tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings ( pictured ) . the inquest was adjourned in december and no date has yet been set to re-open it . ‘ four days before we were to depart from waterloo to brussels somebody very close to me , named scot young , unexpectedly committed suicide , ’ reno writes in a blog post entitled ‘ coping with grief’ , explaining she had been due to travel to belgium with girlfriends . ‘ scot and i had recently broken up after five and a half years of being together , for most of which we were engaged . ’ reno , who was a regular on reality tv show ladies of london , was spotted out in metallic shorts at a knightsbridge soiree last month , her first public outing since the tragedy . reno , 31 , called the police after she and young had a blazing row and he later fell from the window . he had been involved in one of the uk’s most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife michelle after claiming to have lost all of his money in a mysterious russian property deal , and there was speculation he might have been murdered . his was the latest in a series of ‘apparent’ suicides of a group of businessmen that some believe are linked to the russian mafia . ms reno said in a blog post that her former partner ' unexpectedly committed suicide ' , despite an inquest into the cause of his death not yet being concluded . pictured : the property from which he fell last year . mr young ( left ) had been involved in one of the uk’s most acrimonious divorce cases with his ex-wife michelle ( right ) , after claiming to have lost all of his money in a mysterious russian property deal . just one month before young died , his friend johnny elichaoff , the ex-husband of tv presenter trinny woodall , fell to his death from a roof in west london . reno , who had embarked on a project of visiting 12 countries in 12 months at the beginning of last year , inspired by the julia roberts film eat pray love , says that travelling helped her come to terms with her ex-fiance’s death . ‘ i look forward to exploring this new journey in more depth as i come in to a new stage in my life , ’ she says .