the last thing many people would expect to discover when delving into their gran 's past , is their successful career as a pin-up girl . helen dunn , 78 , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back . the mother-of-two and grandmother , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 . helen dunn , 78 , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag span , when she opened the sunday mercury newspaper . vintage beauty : the grandma , from stourbridge , west midlands , was only 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot . the cover was featured as a part of collector tim beddow 's ' antiques rudeshow ' collection of 700 vintage men 's mags , the birmingham mail reports . and there dunn was - under her model pseudonym , sherry morris - on the cover of top-shelf british magazine , span . the cover image shows dunn , who was just 17 years old at the time , perched seductively on a stool with her legs slightly crossed . naughty or nice : helen made all her own costumes for the raunchy shoot for span , including the fur muff ( pictured right ) . ' i was always outgoing ' - helen did n't mind the risqué nature of the shoot , in which she posed seductively for the camera . the 78-year-old wears an off-the-shoulder top , and her stockings and suspenders are in full display . in an interview with the birmingham mail , the glamorous gran admitted that she was shocked to see the images . she said : ' when i saw the picture i was absolutely shocked . ' i shouted , ' that 's me ! i think it 's great , i have no secrets . ' back in the day , dunn had a brief stint as a model , before she went on to marry a professional footballer three years later : manchester united 's alan dunn . dunn ( pictured right ) went on to marry manchester united footballer alan dunn ( left ) , just three years after the cover shoot . the grandmother recalls her modelling days with a fondness , and remembers the shoot clearly . helen had even made her own outfit , including the fur muff . she had posed in the garden of local photographer royston campbell after a friend of helen sent him images . ' he was a gentleman , a very nice man , ' she recalls . ' nothing iffy about him at all . ' i always made my own outfits , even the umbrellas . the picture was originally for a christmas calendar . ' back in the day , i was n't bad looking and did n't have a bad figure ' - helen looks back on her modelling days . ' i suppose the magazine was looked on as a little risqué , but it really did n't bother me . i did n't think about it . i was always outgoing . when breaking the news to her two grown-up children , helen had no worries about how her former career would be perceived . she admitted : ' you know what ? they think it 's great . ' ' back in the day , i was n't bad looking and did n't have a bad figure . '