many couples disagree over what to name their children — but one new york couple’s battle over their unborn baby’s moniker became so unbearable that they have asked random members of the public to help them reach a decision . kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael , after her late father . her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father . because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately , the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision ; nicholas , 37 , has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife . baby name showdown : nicholas and kseniya soukeras ca n't agree over whether to name their child spyridon or michael , which nicholas says his wife will shorten to mischa . ' the argument is serious — it’s not a joke , ' kseniya , 33 , told the new york post . ' i don’t want to call my son something i can’t even pronounce . ' according to the petition , kseniya finds the name spyridon ' archaic , base , bereft of elegance and unsuitable for a child living in 21st century america ' . but nicholas argues that his wife simply has not had the opportunity to grow to like the name , and that her ' russian ear is not trained for the sweet , musical sounds of our greek nomenclature ' . rich history : nicholas says the name spyridon ' has been held by the highest and most honored officials and patriots of both the u.s. and the former soviet union ' . however , the nights of ' bickering about it back and forth ' may be moot : the couple does not even know for sure whether they are even having a son . ' my husband is convinced . he thinks he’s a psychic ... he thinks he can see through the belly , ' says kseniya . in fact , if the couple has a girl , nicholas is willing to let kseniya choose the name ; he also says that if they name their first born son spyridon , his wife can choose the name of their second son . mystery child : the couple does n't yet know the sex of their baby ; if it 's a girl , nicolas will surrender all naming rights to kseniya . while they wait to find out , nicholas is hoping to get 100,000 signatures supporting his choice — the magic number that his wife agreed would be enough for him to get his way . 'i’ll settle for 100,000 — this is an approximate population of my hometown maladzyechna , ' says kseniya , who was born in belarus . nicholas is still far off from his goal , but his nuanced plea has so far garnered over 200 supporters .