she spent last weekend hobnobbing with middle eastern royals in bahrain , but that clearly is n't enough for jetsetting princess beatrice . the royal arrived in florence yesterday for a fashion conference and has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion 's biggest names . today , a businesslike beatrice was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the condé nast international luxury conference . scroll down for video . fashionable friends : princess beatrice ( centre ) poses alongside tory burch in florence this morning . lost in thought : the princess looked serious as she listened to the presentations being made on stage . afterwards , she stopped to pose with us designer tory burch - the latest in a string of big name designers to strike a pose with the princess in the last 24 hours . last night , she was photographed enjoying a chat with ralph lauren 's middle son david during a lavish party at the sprawling palazzo corsini . she also met international vogue editor suzy menkes and chanel designer karl lagerfeld during the first day of the conference , which is being held at the 700-year-old palazzo vecchio . the glamorous gathering in florence is just the latest in a series of glitzy jaunts for the jet-setting royal , who has faced criticism in recent weeks over the amount of time she spends abroad . in the last two months alone , she has enjoyed skil holidays in verbier , where her parents own a luxury chalet , and colorado , and travelled to greece , new york and , most recently , bahrain . there , she was joined by boyfriend dave clark and viewed the action from a private box beside the country 's crown prince , salman bin hamad bin isa al khalifa . on her travels : princess beatrice pictured with david lauren , son of ralph , in florence yesterday . mingling : beatrice with suzy menkes ( left ) and another fashionable guest at palazzo corsini . fashion fan : beatrice arrives for the first day of the condé nast international luxury conference yesterday . enraptured : beatrice sat in the audience to watch a discussion between ms menkes and karl lagerfeld . styled up : beatrice looked chic in a black leather jacket , a white shirt and an on-trend print shirt . she was also pictured enjoying a chat with another royal famed for his love of luxury living , spain 's big-spending former king juan carlos ii . unfortunately for beatrice , her travelling days could be numbered with the princess on the verge of relocating to the new york to take up a new job . the job , which is thought to be in finance , will be her first since leaving her internship at sony following last november 's cyber attacks . since then , her life has been a round of parties and beaches , beginning with a trip to the middle east to see the abu dhabi grand prix the same month . days later beatrice and mr clark , a virgin galactic executive , flew to beijing , where they joined her mother sarah ferguson and sister eugenie for the wedding of photographer and graphic designer victoria tang to hong kong lawyer christopher owen . jet-set : the trip came days after she was seen watching the bahrain grand prix with juan carlos ii of spain . and relax : beatrice on a weekend away in greece with friends last month . chilling in the caribbean : beatrice during her trip to st. barts in january . next , beatrice soaked up the sun with mr clark on two trips to caribbean island st barts , at one point staying on tycoon lakshmi mittal’s yacht . she also squeezed in three trips to her parents’ £13million chalet in verbier , switzerland . last month she flew to new york to celebrate sister eugenie’s 25th birthday during her third us jaunt this year alone .