a bar is under police investigation after a comedian discovered a secret two-way mirror hanging on a door across from the toilet in the women 's restroom . tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes , when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall . but despite public outrage the bar 's owner ronnie lottz told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror , which was initially set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001 , has brought his staff ‘joy’ . scroll down for video . comedian tamale rocks ( left ) discovered the two-way mirror in chicago bar cigars and stripes when she was performing there . she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror ( right ) . creepy peepers : a two-way mirror in the women 's restroom of cigars and stripes in berwyn , illinois , allows anyone standing in a closet on the other side to secretly watch women use the toilet . a place to spy : the dark video shows how the door is cut away to reveal the see-through side of the mirror , left ; tamale points to the unobstructed view of the toilet , right . tamale found the intrusive mirror on saturday night and , horrified , took a video demonstrating that anyone standing on the other side would have a clear view of any woman using the toilet . ' there was no one in there at the time of [ my ] discovery - thankfully , ' she said . ' [ but ] there could have been . ' when she approached ronnie lottz to demand an explanation , he seemed unconcerned and , shockingly , told her that he considered her video to be free promotion for his establishment . when contacted by jezebel , mr lottz added that cigars and stripes has had the two-way mirror since 2001 , explaining that it was once used to scare women in the restroom by placing a light-up witch on the other side one halloween . bar owner ronnie lottz , pictured , said cigars and stripes 's women 's restroom has had the two-way mirror since 2001 . arizona-born tamale rocks now lives and works in chicago where she performs comedy and burlesque . he also insisted that the mirror was ' old news ' and reiterated that he wo n't remove it . he said : ' i will burn this f****** place to the ground before i get rid of that mirror . do you know how much joy that mirror has brought to us ? ' he also dismissed tamale 's concern as being part of a recent ' big movement in reality tv to be outraged about feminism ' . ' if you don’t like the two-way mirror , go f*** yourself , ' he added . mr lottz said : ' we specialize in making people feel very uncomfortable . it’s why we’re successful today . ' tamale talks into her smartphone camera , as she uncovers the two-way mirror . he added that anyone who did n't like it could ' stay home ' . he did not acknowledge that women may not know that the restroom had a two-way mirror , as there is no sign notifying them next to it . police are investigating the incident . daily mail online has contacted mr lotz for comment . people can test for two-way by pressing a finger up to the glass ; when using a traditional mirror , there will be gap between the finger and its reflection . if there is no gap , it is a two-way mirror .