crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha’s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon . the electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january and has been watched by liverpool and newcastle this season . bolasie has the opportunity to shine against manchester city on monday night and his manager - who was firm in the stance that it would take astronomical money to tempt palace into selling - wants the 25-year-old to continue honing his skills at selhurst park . crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha’s mistakes and not jump ship . electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over the club in january . ‘ if he is going to go , he’s going to have to for a lot of money , ’ pardew said . ‘ i think yannick knows he needs to develop more to go to a top club . i actually think top clubs probably appreciate that . ’ zaha made the £10million switch to manchester united two seasons ago but managed just two premier league starts under david moyes and sealed a permanent move back home this february after impressing on loan . many point towards zaha’s troubling spell in the north-west as serving only to curb his development , and pardew believes last week’s announcement of post-tax profits of £17m means bolasie will stay in south london when clubs inevitably come knocking this summer . he has two years to run on his contract . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years with the club . louis van gaal told zaha he was n't part of his plans after capital one cup snub . ‘ he is a player who can change games and it brings unbelievable value to him . it’ll have to be a very , very big fee trust me , ’ pardew added . ‘ the club is on a great financial footing . we are trying not just to improve the team but the facilities . it is not just the stadium but here at the training ground and grow the club as quickly as we can . ‘ we have got a good base of players here and three or four additions to the group in the summer , we could be strong candidates for the top ten . ’ pardew admits it would have to take a very , very big fee to lure bolasie away from selhurst park .