lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist . the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously . accusing chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts . scroll down for video . revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi . speaking to huffington post live , bracco explained how she convinced chase to change his mind . ' i fell in love with david ( chase ) the minute i met him , when i walked into the room . ' i said , ' i like this guy . and i said , ' look , i do n't think i should play carmela because i did it , i did it in a scorsese movie , i got an oscar nomination . ' i really do n't think i 'm going to bring so much to this for you that i have n't done already , ' she told huffpost live on monday . what could have been : lorraine bracco wanted to play dr. jennifer melfi ( left ) but was originally asked by show creator david chase to play carmela soprano . he cast edie falco ( right ) instead . oscar nominated : lorraine bracco starred opposite ray liotta in goodfellas in 1990 . the martin scorsese mob drama is recognized as one of the greatest movies in that genre . obviously not wanting to count herself out of what became arguably the best television drama ever made , bracco asked to play the character of dr. melfi instead . ' i said , ' but i really love this script , and i want to play mefli . ' ... and he agreed with me that i 'd done it already and it was n't really incredible creative casting for him . he said , ' you want to play melfi ? ' and i said , ' yeah , i want to play mefli '' so i left on that , and he gave it to me . ' speaking about the untimely death of james gandolfini in 2013 , bracco said his passing was devastating and a wake up call . ' well yea . my parents died nine days apart and then later jimmy passed and jimmy is a decade younger than me , ' said bracco to huffpost live . soprano 's stars : edie falco , james gandolfini and lorraine bracco at the launch of the show 's fifth season in new york city in 2005 . ' i always teased him , ' you got ta get rid of that belly ' and he would say , ' oh , it 's pure muscle ! ' said bracco . ' but yea , it ( his death ) was devastating . young man , talented , at the peak of his career . the peak of his life with a beautiful wife and and baby and his son michael . ' greatest guy ever . loving , caring , sweet , funny , jokester ' .