an ex-convict who told cops he fatally stabbed his ex-girlfriend , then cooked and ate some of her organs , may now also be charged with raping her . joseph oberhansley , from jeffersonville , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton last september . on tuesday , clark county prosecutor jeremy mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on may 4 , the courier-journal of louisville reported . the motion to change the charges comes after lab results for the victim 's body were returned . ' cannibal killer ' : joseph oberhansley , who admitted to killing his ex-girlfriend before eating some of her organs last year , could now face a rape charge . prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty . murdered : tammy jo blanton , right , had called police asking for help just hours before she was found dead . last year , prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case . juries in indiana can not recommend a death sentence or life without parole unless they agree there is at least one aggravating circumstance beyond a reasonable doubt , the law says . rape , burglary and dismemberment are among those aggravated circumstances . oberhansley , now 34 , was convicted of manslaughter in the 1998 shooting death of his then-girlfriend , 17-year-old sabrina elder , in salt lake city just days after the birth of their son . he served 14 years behind bars for the crime and was discharged from parole on july 23 last year . convict : in 1998 , oberhansley , then a teenager , was imprisoned for killing his 17-year-old girlfriend . on july 31 , tammy jo blanton posted his $ 500 bond for charges of criminal recklessness and resisting law enforcement stemming from a car chase . then on september 11 , she called 911 at around 3am to report that her jilted boyfriend was outside her home and would not leave , according to the probable cause affidavit . officers arrived on the scene and ordered oberhansley to leave after blanton spoke to him outside . at around 10am that morning , police got another call , this time from blanton 's co-worker , asking them to perform a welfare check after she failed to show up for work . police found that the back door had been forced open and inside , officers discovered blanton dead under a tarpaulin in the blood-spattered bathroom of her home , with fatal injuries to her head , neck and torso . ' the front of the victim 's skull appeared to have been crushed and brain tissue appeared scattered around the bathtub , ' the affidavit stated . the statement added that they found a plate covered in blood and bone , as well as bloodied cooking utensils , the louisville courier-journal reported . scene : oberhansley allegedly broke down blanton 's backdoor at her jeffersonville home , pictured , and then forced his way into her bathroom , where she was hiding , and repeatedly stabbed her . when questioned by police , oberhansley confessed to forcing his way into the bathroom , where blanton had locked herself , and repeatedly stabbing her . oberhansley told police he then used an electric jigsaw to open blanton 's skull and ate parts of her brain , heart and lungs . the blade was allegedly recovered from the scene after the grisly death . a trial date is expected to be set by the end of april . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .