fernando alonso , whose youthful brilliance usurped even michael schumacher in the autumn of his career , considered a life beyond formula one . this full-blooded driver , who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons , said mclaren would be his last team and that when he walks out of the paddock for ever he will barely take a backward glance . ‘ i will close the loop on that part of my life , ’ he said ahead of sunday’s chinese grand prix . fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end . ‘ i started with mclaren-honda when i was three years old — a replica from my father ; i will finish with mclaren-honda , but the real one . that will be one third of my life . it will end with great experiences , great memories , great friendships , but normal life will start the day i retire . i don’t think i’ll become a driver manager or anything . after 15 or 16 or 17 years of formula one it’s enough . ’ such are mclaren’s difficulties that alonso may finish his career with two titles , a noble haul but fewer than his talents warrant — and fewer than anyone could have imagined when the spaniard , then driving for renault , denied schumacher a record eighth crown in 2006 . but alonso , 33 , is almost self-consciously happy about his lot despite leaving ferrari to join mclaren , who are struggling for pace and reliability . alonso left mclaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season . mclaren have struggled for pace - and with mechanical faults - during the first two grand prix of the season . ‘ i was second in the championship with ferrari three times and i didn’t want to be second for a fourth time , ’ he said . ‘ if they win the championship , i might have another opinion on leaving . i’ve been lucky to win championships and to win many grands prix , but now sometimes i feel happier and prouder doing the things we are doing now as a team than winning a trophy . ‘ there are times when you arrive at a maturity and stage of mind that gives you different priorities in life . ’ that was one of the great racers talking as he has never talked before . alonso celebrates after winning the world championship with renault in 2005 . 