a driver has miraculously survived a horror smash after his car hurtled into a wall , flipped over and left him trapped under the weight of the vehicle . his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man . the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries , as well as suspected leg fractures , but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free . medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash . a picture of the ruined car taken by showed the victim’s navy blue jeans still caught on the wreckage . an ambulance , paramedic area support officer , community paramedic and the warwickshire and northamptonshire air ambulance attended the scene in southam , warwickshire . two fire engines from warwickshire fire and rescue service also helped at the scene of the collision for about 45 minutes . a west midlands ambulance spokesman said : ' on arrival , crews discovered a car on its roof that had suffered significant damage following a collision with a brick wall and street furniture . ' the man was conscious throughout but mechanically trapped as a result of the collision . ' crews worked closely with the fire service to free the man from the vehicle , a process which took approximately 25 minutes . ' he was treated for multiple injuries , including to his head , chest and pelvis . he had also suffered suspected fractures to his sternum and leg . ' the man was fully immobilised with the use of a scoop stretcher and pelvic splint and given pain relief before being air lifted to university hospital coventry and warwickshire . ' given the nature of the collision and the amount of injuries sustained , the man is fortunate to be alive . ' high praise goes to our community paramedic who was first on scene having started work early to respond to the incident and begin treating the patient as soon as possible . ' firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack . a warwickshire fire and rescue service spokesman added : ' at 7.48am , a call was received to a road traffic collision involving one car that had overturned on the leamington road , southam . ' two fire engines were mobilised to the incident , one from southam and one from leamington spa . ' upon arrival fire fighters found one vehicle overturned on the roadway . ' one person was physically and medically trapped . fire crews freed the casualty using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack . ' police , ambulance and air ambulance attended . ' the casualty was placed in the care of the ambulance and conveyed to hospital by air ambulance . fire crews were detained about 45 minutes . ' 