a gay porn star allegedly blackmailed a wealthy california man out of $ 500,000 by threatening to reveal details of his personal life . teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles . investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim , who has only been identified as d.b . teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles on blackmail charges . investigators said brank tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim . in a march 20 indictment , brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone 's reputation . he faces up to two years in prison . in text messages to the victim , brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man 's trysts through his twitter account , according to the affidavit . prosecutors said the accused published a damaging comment online about the unidentified man , then removed it , the la times reported . the porn star wrote in text messages to the victim in february : ' i 'm just going to bite hard . i want a new car , motorcycle and both hands full of cash . ' ' i do have a twitter and your photos . lies can be made or maybe it 's the truth . ' he went on : ' check my twitter , the conversation will grown [ sic ] and questions will be asked . you lied to me and treated me like s*** . i asked again and you put it behind you . now it 's biting your a** ' d.b 's attorneys contacted the fbi and brank was arrested in a sting operation after the two men met up in a coffee shop where the porn star had made demands to be given cash and the title for an audi r8 worth $ 180,000 . brank was found in possession of a revolver on his arrest . brank was scheduled to appear in court on thursday for a bail review hearing . he was previously denied bail as the judge deemed him a flight risk . brank 's attorneys appealed the decision . the porn star 's public defenders also asked that the name of his victim be revealed arguing that d.b allegedly paid brank for sex . a trial has been scheduled for may 12 . teofil brank ( pictured right ) is better known by his porn stage name jarec wentworth . he faces up to two years in jail over the blackmail charges .