nbc news has changed its account of how chief foreign correspondent richard engel was kidnapped in syria , saying he was now most likely taken by sunni rebels who tried to convince their victims they were government militants . the broadcaster had previously reported that the 2012 kidnapping of mr engel , which saw him held for five days and expecting to be killed , was carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al assad . but mr engel has revealed that following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were in fact a sunni group who had tried to convince their victims that they were shi-ite rebels affiliated to the government . scroll down for video . nbc news chief foreign correspondent richard engel ( centre ) was taken captive with turkey reporter aziz akyavas ( left ) and photographer john kooistra ( right ) and were convinced by their captors they had been taken by forces related to president bashar al-assad , but they may have been sunni rebels instead . a statement posted on the nbc news site said : ' the group that kidnapped us put on an elaborate ruse to convince us they were shiite shabiha militiamen . the group that kidnapped us was a criminal gang with shifting allegiances . ' the statement also raises concerns that rather than being freed following a harrowing firefight , as they were told , this may actually have been staged for propaganda purposes . instead the captives may just have been handed over . the statement added : ' we have not been able to get a definitive account of what happened that night . but based on all of our reporting , it is clear that we were kidnapped by a criminal gang for money and released for propaganda purposes . ' this , of course , does not make our kidnappers or the five days they held us at gunpoint any less dangerous . it does , however , underscore the treacherous and violent nature of the conflict inside syria . ' mr engel and his team were prompted to research the circumstances of the 2012 kidnapping after the new york times raised questions over the attackers ' identities . they suggested the kidnapping was likely to have been carried out by a sunni criminal element of the north idlib falcons brigade , linked to the free syrian army and known for taking hostages . the new york times claimed that nbc executives were informed of the suspicions about the kidnappers ' identities during and after mr engel was taken . mr engel was convinced by his captors that he had been taken and held by government affiliated forces . but immediately after his release mr engel appeared on today and in a vanity fair interview claiming he had been taken by the shabiha group , government militia loyal to president bashar al-assad . he made these assertions based on what he had been told by his captors , which included that they had been rescued by sunni rebels . the paper claimed that when the captors realised other rebels were trying to free the victims they had actually staged a rescue so they could blame the kidnapping on the assad regime . engel and his crew , including producers ghazi balkiz and aziz akyavas , as well as cameraman john kooistra , were taken hostage on december 13 , 2012 , while reporting in syria . the foreign correspondent said they had met a man who had claimed he was a syrian rebel commander who had promised to take them across the border to see iranian and lebanese prisoners being held by rebels . syrians run for cover after a mortar shell hit a street killing several in the bustan al-qasr district of aleppo . they were soon removed from a truck and loaded into a container vehicle by armed men where they were bound , blindfolded and stripped of their passports and shoes . the kidnappers forced the group to make a video and unwittingly set off a distress gps signal , which informed nbc exactly where they were . nbc was able to broadcast images of the farm they were being held at across the world , also informing their kidnappers they knew of the location . engel and his crew were believed to have been taken near ma-arrat misrin , and were pictured in captivity with arabic sprayed on the wall behind them . it read : ‘ or will burn . ’ a statement published by nbc said it was clear that the group were released for propaganda purposes . during the five days they were held mr engel reported apparently hearing one of the rebels they were with being shot , and constantly being subjected to the sounds of guns being loaded - believing each day was his last . he claimed they were constantly tormented by the kidnappers . as an example , the 39-year-old correspondent said that one minute , their captors were giving them tea , and the next , they were demanding the crew decide who would be killed first . on the fifth night they were loaded , while blindfolded , into a van . they were told they would be handed over to military forces in foua . as they reached a checkpoint there was the sound of gunfire and a dead body was seen on the floor . engel has since said , in light of the new information , this may have been staged to convince them they were rescued rather than handed over . engel , who is divorced and does n't have children , was promoted to nbc news 's chief foreign correspondent in 2008 .    