quick-thinking : brady olson , a teacher at north thurston high , took down a gunman on monday . a washington high school teacher is being hailed a hero for tackling a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on monday morning . no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began at north thurston high school in lacey , about 60 miles southwest of seattle , authorities said . brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived , witnesses said . the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station . the teenager , who has not been identified , only transferred to the high school a month ago , according to authorities . he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone . a search warrant is being carried out at his home , police said . school district spokesperson courtney schrieve confirmed that the 43-year-old teacher had been responsible for helping apprehend the student . ' he is a very brave man who probably saved a lot of people today , ' schrieve told kcpq . both students and staff said they were not surprised that olson , who has taught at the school for nine years , was the one to stop the shooter . ' if anyone in the school were to do something like he did , i would think it would be him , ' said student teia patan , 17 , who is in one of olson 's classes . ' he 's one of those people who watch over kids . ' scene : a 16-year-old student walked into the commons , pictured , on monday with a gun and cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling , according to witnesses . mr olson then tackled the boy to the ground . fears : parents and students walk away from north thurston high school on monday after a 16-year-old student opened fire before classes at the school and was stopped by a teacher . patan was swept into a classroom and then escorted out of the building after the shooting . he described his high school as a nice , calm school , with no bullying . ' when it was happening , i first thought it has to be fake , ' he added . another student , 16-year-old anthony rybalkin , told the news tribune that he was in the commons area when the shots were fired . ' i saw ( the student ) walking down the stairs with a cigarette and gun in his hand , ' rybalkin said . ' i was like , `` this is actually happening '' . ' he watched as olson tackled the boy to the ground . he said that another teacher then helped him hold the teenager down . olson , who is married to an elementary teacher in the school district , shara olson , has been teaching for nearly 20 years and has also worked as a former assistant football coach . scene : no one at the school ( pictured ) was injured thanks to the quick-thinking of the popular teacher . safe : parents hold on to their children after they were released from school on monday morning . following his brave efforts at the school , students shared their gratitude on twitter . ' thank you so much mr.olson for saving so many lives and having the courage to do that , ' one wrote . another added : ' mr olson part-time teacher , full-time super hero . ' and on her facebook page , olson 's own mother added : ' so proud of brady . not a surprise to any of us that he would be so brave . it was an automatic reaction for him . '