a meat trader who swindled cash through a mortgage fraud scam to pay for luxury holidays was ordered to pay back £500,000 today . grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend gaynor godwin and bought a holiday home on the costa del sol , spain , using criminally gained money . the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai , united arab emirates , in 2009 worth £7,600 . grant allen ( left ) , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled round the world with his girlfriend , gaynor godwin ( right ) using money from a mortgage fraud scam . edward byatt ( behind allen , left ) was also involved in the fraud . allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world . the old bailey heard that he hid the fraud by buying and trading properties and funnelling large amounts of cash through his unwitting girlfriend 's bank account . the couple lived in a £700,000 home in rayne , essex - where £33,000 was spent on landscaping the garden - and also owned a property in hertfordshire , bought with the proceeds of the fraud . when the home in essex was raided in 2011 , detectives found large piles of cash including £1,000 which was stashed in the extractor fan in the kitchen . judge stephen kramer qc today ordered allen to pay back £491,000 as the proceeds of crime . allen , who was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering , could face another three years behind bars if he fails to pay the money back . allen splurged £8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world . however , the court heard he has assets including homes in essex , bishop stortford , and southern spain which he can sell to cover the repayment . a second defendant , edward byatt , 39 , of buckhurst hill , essex , was ordered to pay back £10,000 for his part in the fraud . his name was on the deeds for the home in rayne , despite allen living there with ms godwin and their young son . ‘ grant allen used other people in the laundering process . he is somehow involved in criminal behaviour , ’ prosecutor charles evans told the trial in 2013 . ‘ the money would have been criminal proceeds . ’ during his trial , allen claimed he worked as a meat trader and a builder , and suggested his funds had come from successful gambling ventures . the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai , united arab emirates , in 2009 worth £7,600 . mr evans told the jury : ‘ grant allen and gaynor godwin lived an enviable lifestyle and travelled to dubai and america , sometimes travelling first class and staying in luxury hotels . ’ godwin was cleared by the jury of conspiracy to remove criminal property after telling them she had no idea where allen had got the large sums of money . but allen and byatt were both convicted after trial and were both in court to hear the order being made . the judge will consider on thursday whether to impose on allen a strict financial reporting order which would force him to present the authorities with regular documents showing his use of money .