it turns out it 's the little things that can really make brits ' blood pressure levels soar . running out of phone battery when out and about , lack of parking spaces and losing an important document are all among the most stressful everyday incidents that brits encounter . but it seems we all need our kip , with half saying a sleepless night is the most stressful thing they experience on a daily basis . scroll down for video . in a survey conducted by direct line , adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most . in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,005 adults in the uk were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed . it seems brits are all plagued by the same frustrations , and the incidents tend to be daily inconveniences . not being able to sleep , losing your keys , and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that brits find most straining . in fact , sleepless night were the top occurrence , with almost half ( 46 % ) of brits citing that this causes anxiety . some of the statistics point at universally embarrassing situations that most people would have had to deal with at one point in time . other stressful everyday emergencies included losing your keys ( left ) and being stuck in traffic when already late ( right ) . other reasons for everyday anxiety for brits linked to inconvenient situations , like realising there 's no toilet roll when already on the toilet . these include running out of toilet paper when already on the toilet ( 30 % ) and forgetting your bank card when paying for an item ( 25 % ) . interestingly , several of the causes of worry directly stem from work-related situations . these include being stuck in traffic when already late ( 35 % ) , losing an important document ( 33 % ) and printer not working ( 31 % ) . 1 . not being able to sleep ( 46 per cent ) . 2 . losing your keys ( 37 per cent ) . 3 . being stuck in traffic when already late ( 35 per cent ) . 4 . losing an important paper or document ( 33 per cent ) . 5 . nowhere to park ( 32 per cent ) . 6 . printer not working when you need to print something ( 31 per cent ) . 7 . running out of battery on your phone whilst out ( 31 per cent ) . 8 . discovering you are out of toilet roll whilst on the loo ( 30 per cent ) . 9 . dealing with machine operated customer service ( 26 per cent ) . 10 . forgetting your bank card when paying for an item ( 25 per cent ) .