an unknown man 's theft of a texas neighborhood 's wild peacock was caught on camera by surveillance video as he roughly handled the beautiful bird . residents of beckley club estates in dallas , texas , say that they saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage , before quickly snatching him up on saturday . footage from the home of lisa solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black suv around 7pm . residents of a dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage , before quickly snatching him up on saturday . the man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black chevy tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door . solis 's neighbor tisha crear said she saw the event , and rushed out of the house and yelled at the man , but could only watch as he drove off with half of the peacock 's feathers hanging out of the door . ms crear said that she had heard peahens screaming before the incident when the bird , the largest and oldest male peacock of those that live in the subdivision , was stolen , according to nbc dallas . ms solid called the theft and aggressive treatment of the bird animal cruelty . ' do i need to sit on the porch with a shotgun or what do i have to do ? because we are going to protect the peacocks , ' ms crear said , holding a feather from the stolen bird . residents of the neighborhood , where peacocks have lived for the past 20 years , filed a report to the police about the missing animal . surveillance video also shows the black chevy tahoe driver stalking the birds for 20 minutes before he grabbed his target . the suspect is described as a hispanic man who was wearing shorts , a white shirt and a baseball cap . peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years , according to the dallas morning news . residents , who have reported the incident to police , are also worried about the birds ' long term survival if the peacock patriarch is not able to return and fertilize eggs . neighbors have previously organized to protect the animals following one resident 's complaint .