a 73-year-old grandmother was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping . it took the el dorado superior court jury in less than two hours to convict colleen harris of murdering robert edward ' bob ' harris in their placerville , california home in 2013 . decades before , in 1985 , colleen harris , a placerville land surveyor , shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her . colleen harris ( right ) , 73 , pictured with defense attorney david weiner , was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after shooting her husband while he was sleeping in 2013 . colleen harris wept in court after the el dorado superior court jury announced their decision . it took them less than two hours to convict her of murder . colleen harris will be sentenced for the killing of her third husband on june 5 . she stands to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm . both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun , and in both cases , after pulling the trigger , she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it . colleen harris will be sentenced on june 5 , standing to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm , according to the sacramento bee . she cried and put her hand over her face as she was found guilty . her initial trial testimony was that bob harris may have committed suicide , and later colleen harris claimed that the shooting was an accident wherein the couple had wrestled over the gun on their bed . bob harris , a u.s. forest supervisor , baseball umpire and sheriff 's volunteer , was having an extramarital affair with a 34-year-old doctoral student and teacher he met in mongolia , the court heard . colleen harris ( left ) first testified that bob harris ( right ) may have committed suicide . but she later said that bob harris 's death was an accident that happened when the couple were wrestling over a shotgun on their bed . bob and colleen were married in 1990 . they had two sons and a daughter together before divorcing in 2004 . they married again a year later . in 1990 , bob and colleen harris married and had two sons and a daughter . they divorced in 2004 but then married again a year later . then in 2012 , as harris took a trip to mongolia , where he taught environmental conservation to students , he met another woman and began a relationship with her , the bee reported . when he returned to california , he and his wife separated and he moved out . but when colleen harris was house-bound following hip-replacement surgery , he returned to the placerville home to help her . and on january 5 , 2013 , she overheard her husband making a call to his love interest overseas and later that night or the following morning , she shot him as he slept , prosecutors said . she then allegedly drove to san francisco and stashed her husband 's cellphone , a handgun - not the same one used in the murder - and his coin collection , in her son 's garage . after returning home , she called the lawyer who won her previous case and told him that she had shot her husband , prosecutors say . the lawyer then contacted the sheriff 's office . el dorado county deputy district attorney joe alexander said that harris claimed she had been in a ' gray fog ' but insisted she would never shoot her husband . she said she was in the same fog in 1985 . she was acquitted in her 1986 trial after claiming she had acted in self defense when her husband , whom she was divorcing , held a pistol to her head , threatened to kill her and sexually abused her . bob harris 's son scott harris weeps in relief and has to wipe his eyes when the guilty verdict was announced on wednesday . harris 's other two children , pam stirling ( left ) and andy harris ( right ) , are comforted by relatives after the guilty verdict was announced in court . bob harris 's sister nancy glaiberman , wiped tears from her eyes as the guilty verdict is announced at el dorado superior court on wednesday . she said she could n't remember killing him and a psychiatrist testified during the trial that she suffered from limited amnesia . the prosecution claimed , however , that she had shot her husband as he read a newspaper in bed and then killed him with another shot at close range , before putting a pistol in the bed to make it look like self-defense . she waited an hour before calling the sheriff 's office . two of bob harris 's children , andy harris and pam stirling said that wednesday 's verdict brought needed relief . ' i wish the jury could have heard how wonderful he was , ' stirling told the sacramento bee . ' i think justice served will be a good start for our family to recover from this tragedy . ' in the case , prosecutor joe alexander said that colleen harris shot bob harris in a premeditated act because she knew he had called the woman he was having an affair with . bob harris worked in the forest service and as an instructor with the el dorado sheriff 's department . he was also an umpire for little league and minor league baseball . but the defense said that bob harris was upset at sending stirling a text message that said , ' between you and me , as i sit here wondering who i am married to , your dad just called his mongolia love about 10 minutes ago ' . colleen harris testified that she went into the couple 's bedroom to comfort her husband when she saw the shotgun on the bed . she said she wrestled for the gun and then it gets grey . when she came to and turned on the light , she ' saw the most horrible thing ' , which was bob harris 's dead body . after the killing , she made a trip to san francisco and returned to try to wipe bob harris 's blood off the ceiling before calling the police . sterling said that her father was ' very unhappy in the marriage ' and she was glad the jury acknowledged that colleen harris 's actions were cruel . ' when someone wants to break away from another person , it seems that the other person can make a decision other than to kill him , ' she said . in 1985 , colleen harris shot her second husband dead in the same house that bob harris was murdered at in 2013 .