los angeles ' most famous cougar has ' left the building ' after taking up residence in an unsuspecting family 's crawl space . the mountain lion , known as p-22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday , having created quite the media circus in the affluent hollywood suburb . his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife , which tweeted ' the cougar has left the building ' at 9.28am . new home : the lion - known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on monday . courageous : on tuesday morning , after the cougar 's signal moved away from the area , a couple of brave animal welfare officers decided to conduct a thorough search of the area under the los feliz home . gone : luckily for them , p-22 had moved away overnight , and was moving back towards the park . ' likes ' : the incident has made p-22 even more famous , with another 1,400 people liking his facebook page . the lion usually lives in nearby griffith park , but on monday was discovered in the crawl space of jason and paula archinac 's home by an unsuspecting alarm technician . ' he came out white as a ghost , ' animal service 's armando navarrete told ktla . the house was soon surrounded by a host of media outlets - including a circling helicopter - while a live stream meant los angeles ' residents could keep an eye on animal services ' attempts to move the lion . but p-22 was not prepared to be moved , despite being poked gently with a long prod — which only led to welfare officers temporarily losing the pricey gopro camera they 'd attached to the end of it that fell off . welfare officers then attempted to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space with hopes that at least the noise and commotion would scare him out , a tactic that often works with coyotes . next , they fired small bean bags , the same kind police sometimes use for human crowd control , toward the cat . resident : the beautiful animal may have been living in the crawlspace for some time before being discovered . rescue : attempts to get the lion to move out - including firing tennis balls - were unsuccessful . none of it worked , so they asked everyone to clear the area , in the hope that p-22 might move on his own accord . and the tactic worked : the mountain lion , who crossed two freeways when he travelled from the santa monica mountains to the park more than three years ago , was gone when they returned in the morning . but even though the animal 's tracking device - fitted some years ago - was no longer sounding in the area , it was decided it was still best to double check the area was cougar-free . so a couple of brave souls entered the crawl space just to make sure . fame : p-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the hollywood sign in 2013 . hiding : it is thought the lion crossed two freeways to get to his home in griffin park , but it is not known how long he has been living in the crawl space in the los feliz hills . luckily for them , p-22 was heading home - and the most recent tweets reveal he was heading deeper into griffith park . ' # losfeliz adventure is ( literally ) behind him , ' california 's wildlife department tweeted . it is n't the first time p-22 has been the centre of attention , however . after he arrived in the 4,000 acre park , national geographic photographer steve winter set about trying to capture his picture - finally managing to photograph him walking in front of the hollywood sign in 2013 , making p-22 an overnight celebrity . indeed , the big cat - who survived mange and a meal of rat poison to become apparently healthy again just last year - even has a facebook page in his honour , which has got more than 1,400 more ' likes ' since his recent appearance on tv . beanbags : the animal rescue workers have even resorted to using beanbags to move the lion . live feed : the incident has created quite a furore - with people watching it unfold live on television ( pictured ) .