a few months ago aston villa would have been happy with premier league survival . now they have a chance for so much more . in recent years villa have struggled to compete but they are a proper club . when i left arsenal for villa it was because i felt they shared similar traits - tradition , history and both took pride of place in their communities . villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep . now this group has a chance to embrace that history and write the next chapter . aston villa celebrate in the wembley dressing room after beating liverpool to reach this year 's fa cup final . martin keown joined aston villa in 1986 and made the move because of the club 's rich history and tradition . tim sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances . but for all the excitement villa fans must be patient . talking about getting a club ‘ back where they belong’ can be a dangerous game . villa won the european cup in 1982 and while there’s nothing wrong with being ambitious , fans have to be realistic . previous generations at villa have seen success and can be too demanding . even when they were challenging for the champions league under martin o’neill there were still rumblings of discontent . when things do start to go wrong , villa park can be an unforgiving place . i experienced that when i was relegated and it can be a difficult place to play . but what ground isn’t when things are going badly ? in the past villa park has been so loud players could hardly hear themselves think and the atmosphere the fans created at wembley was magnificent . now with sherwood hopefully a generation can grow with his side . making the final is a fine achievement and sherwood and his players will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club . aston villa celebrate winning the european cup after beating bayern munich in rotterdam 33 years ago . manager tim sherwood has invigorated aston villa and has considerably improved the side 's performances .