it 's the ultimate in slow-motion footage . the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph . for many , the languid film will be as interesting as watching paint dry , but the corporation hopes many viewers will find it a refreshing change from the usual frenetic pace of modern tv . there is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music , so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong as the barge makes its way along a picturesque stretch of the kennet and avon canal . 00.00 : and they 're off ! 0-4mph in ten minutes . 34.07 : bridge over ( not at all ) troubled water . 41.50 : crazy boy racers scream past at 5mph . aside from two aerial cutaway shots , when the boat negotiates a lock and crosses the dundas aqueduct , the full two hours is shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat . rather incongruously , it 's the same specialist high-definition equipment used to shoot the action-packed james bond blockbuster skyfall . in contrast , the most exiting moments of all aboard ! the canal trip involve the narrowboat being overtaken by a swan , or having to manoeuvre out of the way of a pleasure craft . other exciting scenes feature a plank of wood , a dog-walker and cyclists on the towpath . the film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four goes slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes . producer luke korzun martin said : ' we want the voyage to feel like a sensory experience . we want it to be mesmeric , hypnotic and beautiful . ' the idea was to create a moving painting . it is like a constable landscape which changes in front of your eyes . if people are going to sit and watch a two-hour single shot , it needs to be the most beautiful two-hour shot it can be . ' rob dean , of the kennet and avon canal trust , said : ' i think this is the right approach . the whole point about the waterways is they slow people down . ' 55.40 : mayday ! mayday ! wild swan on the attack . 1hr , 45m : gridlock ... canal swamped by two boats . 1hr 56m : it 's all water over the bridge ( at last ) . 