there was uproar on the south coast when nicola cortese sacked local hero nigel adkins and replaced him with the relatively unknown argentine , on english shores at least , mauricio pochettino . adkins had led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the barclays premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it . but cortese’s decision proved to be an astute one and pochettino took them to the next level . he increased intensity in training and in matches , altered their style of play , continued their already excellent emphasis on youth and made some shrewd signings . mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager before departing to tottenham . the argentine manager ( right ) embraces ronald koeman ( left ) as he took on his former side in october . so much so that 16 months later daniel levy saw him as the ideal man to take tottenham on , too . as pochettino prepares to return to st mary’s for the first time since he left , sportsmail takes a look at how his two tenures compare . you don’t win anything with kids… . pochettino came to england with a reputation for bringing through young players - at espanyol he handed 25 of their youth products a debut . at southampton he continued to show no fear in throwing them in , giving premier league debuts to calum chambers , who then moved to arsenal for £16million and has now won senior england caps , and james ward-prowse , who is a first-team regular , star of england under 21s and set for a call up by roy hodgson . pochettino has maintained that approach at tottenham . he was the first , of many managers who came before , to give ryan mason a proper run in the team and this season the player earned a first england cap for his displays . calum chambers ( left ) and james ward-prowse ( right ) both rose to prominence under pochettino . harry kane has flourished under him , too , already around the first team before his arrival albeit , but excelling under pochettino’s guidance and scoring a sensational 31 goals in all competitions already this season . nabil bentaleb is another who has progressed under pochettino after tim sherwood gave him a chance last season , while pochettino also gave harry winks , a 19-year-old midfielder , his first appearance from the bench in the europa league . harry kane has been in sensational form under the former saints boss this season - scoring 31 times . 2011-12 : 4th ( harry redknapp as manager ) . 2012-13 : 5th ( andre villas-boas as manager ) . 2013-14 : 6th ( tim sherwood as manager ) . 2014-15 *currently 7th ( mauricio pochettino ) . lung-busting training . training sessions under pochettino have become almost mythical . speak to any player who has worked under him and they all recall gruelling double and triple sessions , all throughout pre-season and maintained regularly during the campaign . at southampton when he first arrived he took the team to a portuguese boot camp and made the players , leading himself by example , walk over hot coals . not satisfied by their fitness levels , during that first pre-season there would be frequent triple sessions , from 10am-midday , from 2pm-4pm and from 6pm-8pm . during the season , in a typical week he would insist on hard sessions on tuesdays and wednesday - often double or triple . on the pitch , it got results . mauricio pochettino ( left ) has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both spurs and southampton . it appears there is more of the same at spurs . ‘there’s not been a good moment in pre-season , if i’m honest , ’ harry kane said earlier this season . ‘ there were double sessions , times when you were pushing yourself to the limit , but you’re doing it for a reason . this is the reason that you’re seeing now . ’ team-mate moussa dembele echoed that sentiment , adding : ‘ the training sessions are hard , we feel already that we have become more and more fit and that’s very good for us . ’ passing and pressing philosophy . like many managers , pochettino has a certain philosophy and is relentlessly demanding that it is reflected on the pitch . at goal kicks the centre halves drop wide around the penalty area , the full backs push 40 yards up the pitch and one of the two central midfielders moves to the edge of the box , giving the goalkeeper options to pass everywhere . a passing and pressing philosophy has been deployed by pochettino throughout his managerial career . when they are not in possession , pressing is expected high up the pitch - hence the punishing pursuit of supreme fitness levels in training . tottenham players have taken a while to get used to it , longer than it took southampton players when pochettino was first in charge . but there have been signs , when they were beaten once in 10 games and were challenging for the champions league , that it can work there . enhancing individuals . in pochettino’s role as ‘ head coach’ as opposed to all-round manager he has more time to work with individuals , if they go to him desiring to improve their game . two of southampton’s current stars , jay rodriguez and nathaniel clyne , credit the 43-year-old for their progression . ‘ he brought the best out of me and gave me self-belief , ’ rodriguez said after his departure . ‘ to work with him was brilliant , it was hard work but the lads loved it and we got results . nathaniel clyne ( left ) has credited pochettino for his development while he was in charge . jay rodriguez says pochettino gave him the ' self belief ' to develop as a player . ‘ his tactical awareness gave you confidence , you wanted to go out for him because he’s such a great guy . you can talk to him . the players respected him so much . ’ clyne said : ‘he’d have us pressing high , keeping a high line , receiving the ball in difficult situations , keeping possession and basically having the confidence to play football rather than being afraid . ' the understanding in our defence was down to our training . personally , it took my game to another level . ’ unproven transfer record . the transfer success-rate at both clubs has been similar ; solid but not outstanding . at southampton he made very few - dejan lovren proved a snip at £8.5m and was sold on for double that . victor wanyama seemed pricey at £12.5m but is one of their most consistent performers and will turn a profit if he moves on soon . dani osvaldo cost £15m and ended up attacking a team-mate . victor wanyama was a big-money signing from pochettino , but has turned out to be a success . equally , at spurs eric dier at £4m looks like a future england international , whereas ben davies for £10m could prove too much . teenager dele alli is likely to be a steal at £5m . the others - michel vorm , deandre yedlin , federico fazio and benjamin stambouli - are yet to shine . broken english . pochettino would barely ever speak to the press - in tv , radio or to print journalists - in english while he was at southampton . they employed translator david salas . yet occasionally when he was talking after pre-match press conferences , with the cameras and microphones off , he would talk in perfectly understandable english . at tottenham from the very start he conducted entire press conferences in english and has trusted assistant jesus perez to occasionally turn to for help with any misunderstanding . the spurs boss has spoken in english in his entire press conferences at tottenham .