a chartered surveyor who assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house has been spared jail . he was sentenced by judge noel lucas ( above ) at guildford crown court . a chartered surveyor who assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house while her live-in carer was out has been spared jail . timothy norris-jones , who had previously attacked his mother on two occasions , left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches , a court heard . the 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally ' caught her face ' when he went to catch her in november last year . he was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police . his mother later told detectives : ' he just blew up . ' he was pushing my face and holding my wrists . i can remember i said : `` stop this tim , do n't do it '' . ' norris-jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in guildford , surrey . a forensic psychologist told the court that emotionally damaged norris-jones looked to his mother for support and ' lost his rag ' when she could not provide it . judge noel lucas , sentencing , branded the attack ' horrific ' and added : ' it is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady . ' he said : ' you gave your mother a systematic beating . ' if i had taken the view that your actions were anything other than those of an ill and weak man , i would now be sending you to prison for a substantial amount of time . ' norris-jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in guildford , surrey . above , a picture of the street where the assault happened . ' i hope you are thoroughly ashamed of yourself . ' nick tucker , defending , said : ' it 's clear from her statement that [ the victim ] loves her son and she 's concerned for him , despite what she 's suffered . ' one of the reasons this is not only sad , but a difficult case , is that we ca n't confidently say why this happened . ' the defendant is unable to explain what triggered this or the previous assaults . ' norris-jones was handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years , at guildford crown court ( above ) and will have to wear an electronic ankle bracelet enforcing a strict 12-month curfew . norris-jones , from haddenham , buckinghamshire , admitted two counts of abh and was cleared of one count of gbh when he appeared at guildford crown court . he was handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years , and will have to wear an electronic ankle bracelet enforcing a strict 12-month curfew . he was also ordered to pay £500 costs .