arsenal legend ian wright would be disappointed to see theo walcott leave north london , and believes his troubled times at the club are down to arsene wenger 's refusal to play him as a striker . walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines . and with arsenal pursuing raheem sterling and walcott 's contract set to run out next summer , wright is worried that the gunners could stand to lose a valuable player . theo walcott could be on the way out of arsenal , and gunners legend ian wright says that would be ' a shame ' . wright enjoys walcott as a player and hinted that he would like to see the winger stay at the club . walcott started up front for england against italy on tuesday but his appearances have been limited this year . ' it 's a shame for him , and the fact that people are talking about him maybe moving on if someone else comes in makes me quite sad , ' he said . ' i really like him at arsenal but he 's got massive decisions to make in the next few months . ' wright also believes the england wideman , who was played in a central role for his country in italy on tuesday night , should have been moved into a similar position for his arsenal . walcott 's pace had seen him likened to the gunners ' record goalscorer thierry henry , who made a similar positional switch during his time in north london , but manager wenger has only briefly experimented with walcott as a striker . thierry henry was prolific as a striker for arsenal after being moved inside from his familiar wide role . arsene wenger has only briefly used walcott up front , and wright says it should have been persisted with . liverpool 's raheem sterling is an arsenal target who also has his contract expiring in the near future . ' i always believed theo should have been a striker at arsenal with his pace . i thought playing him on the right would last so long and then he would get moved inside , ' wright told goal . i 'm not saying he 's the same kind of player as thierry henry by any stretch , but i thought arsene would move him inside . ' i think that 's been to his detriment , because he would have learned a lot more about the game and runs he 'd have to make . i 've seen him finish very well when he gets into one-on-one situations . '