like many twins , they are dressed alike , right down to their pink and white bootees . but kendall and baylee are no ordinary twins . they are one in a million . an amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white . father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall ( centre left ) and baylee ( centre right ) who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . miss horton , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican . their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical , though it is still highly unlikely . the effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related . and their mother , rebecca horton , said : ‘ when they were born , we kept staring at both of them – we couldn’t believe it . ‘ it was a lovely feeling and a big shock . ‘ one thing i know for sure is that family and friends won’t ever struggle to tell them apart . ’ the little girls’ contrasting looks can be traced back to their parents . their father , curtis martin , is half-jamaican , while their mother is white . as non-identical twins , they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm . this means they have inherited different genes from their parents . normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone . mr curtis says that the couple do get looks when they are out in public with the girls , and admits that if he saw somebody with them , he would struggle to believe they were related . the girls also have very different personalities , as well as different skin tones . kedall ( left ) is very relaxed and likes to sleep a lot , but baylee ( right ) cries a lot and demands lots of attention . but , in odds of a million to one , baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin . and kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed-race father . the twins also have very different characters . kendall , who weighed 6lb 1oz when she was born three months ago , is very laid-back and likes nothing more than to sleep the day away . the pair say that since having twins they have forgotten what it feels like to have a good night 's sleep , but say they would n't have it any other way . in contrast , baylee , who was slightly heavier at 6lb 5oz , is ‘ loud and needy’ and loves attention . this could come in useful , as she and her sister are already attracting attention wherever they go . their mother , a 28-year-old delivery driver for asda , said : ‘ when people look in the pram and see that one is darker than the other , they will sometimes be a bit thrown and ask if they are twins . ‘ they are shocked when we say yes . ’ mr martin , a 24-year-old builder from kingswinford in the west midlands , told the sun : ‘ everybody loves them . ‘we’ve got used to it but you hear people whisper as we walk past . ‘ if i saw them out , i don’t think i’d believe they were related . ’ the couple , who also have a five-year-old son called coby , knew from quite early on in the pregnancy that rebecca was having twins . however , they weren’t prepared for how much work would be involved . but while they have completely forgotten what it is like to have a good night’s sleep , they wouldn’t have it any other way . allan pacey , a sheffield university fertility doctor , said that just as twins can have different hair or eyes , they can also be born with skin of different colours . and just as a baby’s hair often changes with age , with blonde hair , for instance , darkening , the twins’ skin may yet change . this could lead to them looking more similar – or even more different . professor pacey said the girls’ contrasting skin colours are caused by the way their parents’ genes were shuffled before being passed on . he said : ‘ this shuffling has created something that is completely unexpected and throws us but it is just nature’s way of making us diverse . ’ twins can be created in two different ways . either by one sperm fertilizing one egg , which then splits into two foetuses , or by two different sperm fertilizing two different eggs . the first method leads to monozygotic , or identical twins , who share the same set of dna , and so will be the same sex and largely share the same physical characteristics . the second method will create dizygotic , or non-identical twins , who do not share the same genetic material and can therefore be born as different genders and with different physical characteristics . kendall and baylee are dizygotic twins , which explains their contrasting skin tone , though having twins with such a drastic difference in colour is still extremely rare . the fact that they share a gender is completely down to chance . 