david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ' falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled . in an intensely personal interview , he revealed : ' we were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything . ' his comments were echoed by his wife who , in a separate interview , said the stresses of looking after ivan pushed their relationship close to ' breaking point ' . scroll down for video . david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha ( pictured together in 2008 with their son ivan ) were ' falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son after he was born with a rare brain disorder . ivan ( pictured ) was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . he died aged six in 2009 . in a tearful interview , mrs cameron spoke for the first time of the ' nightmare ' of learning that their first child had a rare disorder which left him needing round-the-clock care . within a year , she said , looking after him had left the camerons ' totally shattered ' and trying to ' find a way through ' . and she described the shock of his sudden death , which came ' out of the blue ' . ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . he died aged six in 2009 . speaking days ahead of what would have been his 13th birthday on wednesday , the prime minister said : ' it 's true – it is a knock . you are exhausted . you become a part-time parent , nurser , carer , doctor . ' mrs cameron recalled how within days of ivan 's birth she knew ' something was n't quite right ' because he was making ' funny , jerky movements ' . speaking to the mail on sunday – which pictured her at home in downing street with her husband and their other children – she said : ' it 's your worst nightmare . they did a whole load of tests , they push the box of tissues towards you and you feel like you 're in an episode of casualty . ' mr cameron said ivan was a ' blessing in lots of ways ' but admitted the strains he created on their life left them both ' falling apart ' . he said : ' we both worked out that we could cope , and find a way through this ' . dressed , fittingly , in a fleece , david cameron took a break from the campaign trail yesterday to be photographed feeding a newborn , orphaned lamb . he cradled the young animal to feed it milk from a bottle after dropping in at dean lane farm in his witney constituency in oxfordshire . at one point they were snuggled up so close that they were nuzzling each other’s faces . inevitably , it prompted a flurry of comments on twitter , several from labour supporters , many of them unrepeatable and several referring to mint sauce . david cameron took a break from the campaign trail yesterday to feed a newborn , orphaned lamb in witney . the diagnosis had ' frightening ' and ' scary ' implications , she said , adding : ' it changes your life for ever . it 's tough , lonely and isolating . you are terrified of not being able to cope . ' she praised her ' amazing , strong and steady ' husband and his ' sense that it 's going to be ok ' . mr cameron , in a separate interview with the sunday times , said ivan was a ' blessing in lots of ways ' but admitted the strains he created on their life left them both ' falling apart ' . he said : ' it takes over your life . we both worked out that we could cope , and find a way through this . ' in a frank admission of the pressures their son 's condition had placed on their relationship , mrs cameron said : ' there 's lots of people in our situation whose marriages do n't survive . ' looking after a disabled child pushes you to the limits of what you can cope with physically , emotionally . by the end of the first year we were totally shattered and pretty much at breaking point . samantha cameron . samantha cameron has said she would be ‘fine’ if her children copied her and got a tattoo . the prime minister’s wife has a leaping dolphin on her right foot which she had done during a gap year spent travelling in indonesia following her a-levels . asked how she would feel if her children followed her example , she told the mail on sunday : ‘i’d be fine about it . ‘ obviously you’d have to explain that they might not want it in certain places where it would be for ever . but no , i wouldn’t have any problem with them having a tattoo . ’ ' the doctors realised we needed help . but as parents you have this feeling that you should n't ask for help . ' she added that they were ' so , so proud ' of ivan , saying : ' he was very beautiful , one of the great gifts in our lives . a day when you have n't been to hospital , a day when he smiled , or a day when you have n't cried , becomes the most amazing day . ' she described her battles with education bosses who tried to send ivan to a mainstream school , before his parents secured him a place at a special needs school . ' ivan had a feeding tube , very bad epilepsy . he could n't sit up . he could n't communicate at all . he needed to be somewhere more sensory and stimulating with people who knew how to look after him , ' she said . his death came as a big shock . ' it was totally out of the blue and happened so quickly , ' she said . ' it takes a long time before you see sunlight poking through the dark fog but never does the pain go as it 's so connected to the love . ' she said she still receives some bereavement counselling . mr cameron also spoke of ivan 's death : ' your whole world collapses . you push pause on your life ; you stop and have a think . nothing really matters at that stage . ' in her interview mrs cameron also revealed that her taste in music includes us psychedelic band polica , whose latest album shulamith has on its cover a topless woman with her back turned and her hair and neck covered in blood . mrs cameron saw the band perform in london when they toured britain . the album is named after canadian marxist shulamith firestone , the author of the dialectic of sex : the case for a feminist revolution . mrs cameron also told of her embarrassment at being told nancy and elwen were having a ' huge pillow and duvet fight ' when the family stayed with german chancellor angela merkel at her schloss near berlin in 2013 . this picture - from a new set of photographs showing the camerons at home in downing street - has a clear message : that while the prime minister has been holding down the most important job in britain for the past five years , he’s also made time to learn the all-important art of tying up his daughter’s hair for school . showing that being left-handed is no handicap , he holds four-year-old florence’s hair with one hand while brushing with the other . behind them , the dishwasher looks suspiciously empty in the midst of the morning chaos inevitable in the home of any family of five , but reaching down to it provides the prime minister’s wife with an opportunity to show off her enviable figure . while this battered ministerial red box may have carried some of the most important documents in british history , as it lies around in the cameron household it becomes the perfect toy . in this previously unseen 2011 family photograph of florence as a toddler , she fits perfectly into the box as it sits perched on the yellow sofa from the fancy nancy range at sofaworks.com ( £1,579 ) . tucked behind it appears to be a label from one of daddy’s trips to brussels . and behind florence , standing on the chest of drawers , is a ribbon copper large table lamp from habitat ( £160 ) and a rattan tissue box cover ( £26 ) from oka . breakfast and the family enjoy porridge – the pot is on the table in front of mrs cameron , who wears a cashmere grey , red and white chinti and parker sweater ( £295 ) . a box of weetabix organic is also just visible . the black mug is from whittard , while the green chairs are by knoll saarinen , and cost £816 each . on the white marble breakfast table ( £750 from amodernworld.co.uk ) is a plastic tub containing toothbrushes , hairbrushes and nail scissors . there’s also a wicker basket containing boots dietary supplements . this is our house ! the camerons’ children elwen and nancy in a photograph taken five years ago . now in her home office , and this time wearing a more business-like blue spot sleeveless blouse by joseph ( £215 ) , mrs cameron catches up on some work.the laptop is an apple macbook pro , which costs from £899 , and in the background you can just make out an arch lamp , similar to a £99 arche from made.com .