it 's not just uv rays that suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red a rays , too . meanwhile others say they protect the skin from the inside . but are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying ? here , dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict . and we rate them ... a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red a rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside . here , consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict . dr skin 's suncare lotion and sun drink . £11.90 for five 60ml shots and 100ml lotion , dr-skins.com . claims : spf 30 suncream containing uva and uvb protection , plus pack of five 60ml liquid food supplement shots - these contain vitamin e , lycopene , vitamin c , beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health . expert verdict : ' a bit of a gimmick - the concept is you are protecting the skin from the inside out with antioxidants found in fruit and vegetables . ' there 's no evidence that drinking this would stop sun damage . ' the suncream is ok , but it 's pretty standard . ' 5/10 . ladival sun protection , spf 30 . £19.99 for 150ml spray , from boots and supermarkets . claims : first mainstream product to protect against infra-red a rays as well as uva and uvb . also has antioxidants . offers ' protection against four times more of the sun 's rays ' . expert verdict : ' the effects of infra-red a rays on the skin is an emerging field of research . ' a recent study suggests antioxidants may stop damage from infra-red a . ' i 'd plump for factor 50 rather than factor 30 - although some argue this only improves protection by 3 per cent . ' you can get the same uva and uvb protection from cheaper products . ' 6/10 . dr skin 's lotion and sun drink comes with liquid food supplement shots , while ladival is the first product to protect against infra-red a rays as well as uva and uvb . goldfaden md sun visor oil free spray , spf 30 . £40 for 80ml , space nk stores . claims : this protects against uva/uvb rays - it contains titanium oxide , oxtinoxate , benzophenone and organic red tea extract . developed by a u.s. dermatologist , it is said to be the first over-the-counter sunscreen that is ' physician strength ' . expert verdict : ' titanium oxide reflects uva and uvb rays off the skin , while oxtinoxate absorbs uv rays and converts them to heat , so it does n't damage dna - most good suncreams should contain these . ' physician strength ' sounds impressive , but i 'm not sure what it means . ' organic red tea might help mop up the harmful molecules produced as a result of uv exposure . ' it 's expensive and i 'd opt for a factor 50 product . ' 6/10 . mustela is made from a avocado based ingredient , which ' aids development of the skin 's barrier . mustela very high protection sun lotion spf 50+ . £14.95 for 100ml , from independent pharmacies . claims : avocado perseose ( a patented ingredient based on avocados , which have a high vitamin e content ) , aids development of the cutaneous ( skin ) barrier and preserves the wealth of cells in babies ' skin . expert verdict : ' this is easily absorbed and free of parabens ( preservatives ) and fragrance so would be good for a baby 's sensitive skin as it wo n't cause irritation . ' children are more likely to burn as their skin is still developing . ' avocado oil is a good moisturiser , but it 's not clear how it ' aids the development of the cutaneous barrier ' . ' i 'd say there are cheaper products that would work as well . ' 7/10 . actinica lotion . £19.99 for 80g , larger branches of superdrug and lloyds pharmacies and pharmacy2u.co.uk . claims : for the prevention of non-melanoma skin cancer in at-risk patients ( e.g . those who have a suppressed immune system , such as transplant patients ) . protects against uva and uvb . no spf listed . expert verdict : ' this product was tested for two years on immuno-suppressed patients who are at high risk of non-melanoma skin cancers , because they take drugs which suppress the body 's defence cells which also destroy early cancer cells . ' patients who 've already had non-melanoma skin cancers might find it reassuring to use . ' 8/10 . wilko moisturising sun lotion spf 50 . £2 for 50ml , from wilko stores . claims : a uva and uvb sunscreen . expert verdict : ' this does what it says on the label . ' it has the same uva and uvb protection ingredients as other more expensive creams , plus it is water resistant , and easily absorbed . ' 9/10 . actinica aims to prevent non-melanoma skin cancer in at-risk patients while calypso contains uva and uvb protection , is water resistant and wo n't stain clothes . sun ceutic 50 anti-ageing sun protection spf 50 . £31 for 50ml , from uniqueskin.com . claims : this is said to prevent photo ageing ( sun-induced skin damage ) and sun spots and contains a ' powerful stem cell stimulator ' ; also contains hyaluronic acid , zinc oxide , titanium oxide and aloe vera . expert verdict : ' all factor 50 suncreams with uva and uvb protection should protect against photo damage and sun spots . ' hyaluronic acid is used as an anti-ageing treatment to restore lost volume in the skin , but there 's limited evidence it has the same effect in a cream . ' it 's not clear what the ' stem cell stimulator ' is . ' this is the holy grail in skin care as it would reset the clock on skin cells , but i 'm not aware that anybody has managed to do this yet . ' 6/10 . calypso all school day long once a day lotion spf 40 . £17.99 for 150ml , from tesco , sainsbury , and aldi ( £7 from matalan ) . claim : contains uva and uvb protection , it 's water resistant and wo n't stain clothes . expert verdict : ' this is ok for a school situation as children are mainly indoors . ' suncream needs to be reapplied about every two hours if you are out in the sun because the creams get rubbed off - so this is not quite the once-a-day panacea you might anticipate . ' 7/10 .  