a british couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds , with a combined age of 195 , and the uk 's most elderly groom at 103 . george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . george said : ' i suppose it 's about time , really . i definitely do n't feel my age . doreen keeps me young . scroll down for video . george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests . ' i did n't get down on one knee , because i do n't think i would have been able to get back up . ' between them they have had seven children , 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . they finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children . george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched to doreen in front of 60 guests . doreen said : ' i wo n't be much of a blushing bride , but i 'm getting a bit giddy thinking about it . ' on their wedding day , the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013 . photo of george kirby ( left ) during his career as a boxer . he won every single one of the 60 fights he entered during his life but gave up lifting dumbbells at the age of 90 . the pair , started courting in the 1988 , when they met through an organisation to find friends for mature people . george , then 76 , had just got divorced while doreen , who lived in staplehurst , kent , had sadly become a widow three years earlier following 36 years of marriage . she said : ' he used to come to my house . we got on straight away . he liked the roses in my front garden . ' george kirby and his fiance doreen luckie pictured in the 1980 's when they met through an organisation to find friends for mature people . the couple quickly became an item and set up home together in 1990 , but george only proposed to her on this february 14 . george said : ' we were having dinner and i asked doreen if she wanted to be married to me for a short time . i was so happy that she said yes . ' the pair will get married at the langham hotel , owned by george 's son neil , where they have lived since 2013 . neil , 63 , who will be best man , said : ' we 've adopted doreen as our mum and we 're delighted that she 's going to become a kirby . ' we 're thrilled that they are going to get married in front of all their proud friends and family . ' also , it 's about time my dad has finally made an honest woman out of her . ' george was born in london in june 1912 and joined the raf as a physical education instructor in 1933 , where he stayed for 25 years . he was a passionate and talented boxer , winning every single one of the 60 fights he entered during his life . he finally gave up work , and lifting dumbbells , at the age of 94 , although continued to tend doreen 's garden in kent . doreen was born in brixton in september 1923 and spent much of her career as a shorthand typist for the director of public prosecutions at temple , where she worked on transcripts for the cases of the kray twins and moors murderers ian brady and myra hindley . sprightly doreen keeps herself in shape by doing yoga classes on the seafront every week . instead of wedding presents , the pair would like to raise as much money as they can for their chosen charities - the royal air forces association and the women 's royal naval service . in 2009 , geroge was guest of honour at the army london regiment at a dinner and charity boxing match . the current guinness world record for the oldest newly married couple belongs to francois fernandez and madeleine francineau . the current guinness world record for the oldest newly married couple belongs to francois fernandez and madeleine francineau , who tied the knot with a combined age of 190 years and 126 days . a guinness world records spokeswoman said : ' we are excited to hear of this incredible marriage and would urge the family to file a guinness world records application so we can make their achievement official . ' however , george said : ' we 're not doing it for the record , we 're getting married because we 're in love and it seems like the right thing to do . ' george said : ' we 're not doing it for the record , we 're getting married because we 're in love and it seems like the right thing to do ' . 