real madrid manager carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema when they face city rivals atletico on wednesday night . the two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final at the santiago bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on april 14 . real boss carlo ancelotti could start isco , jese and javier hernandez in the absence of key triumverate modric , bale and benzema - something that does n't faze the italian . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti has hailed his players as the best in the world ahead of their next game . ancelotti watches his players during the training session ahead of the crucial champions league tie . real madrid full-back fabio coentrao ( right ) and lucas silva tussle for possession in a training session . sergio ramos ( right ) comes in with a strong challenge on jese during real madrid 's training session . ( left to right : ) daniel carvajal , marcelo vieira and sami khedira train ahead of the game with atletico madrid . cristiano ronaldo ( left ) and silva ( right ) are put through their paces in training ahead of their next game . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas warms up during the training session ahead of the atletico game . ancelotti is adamant side can cope without injured trio luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema . spain international isco has featured heavily for the spanish giants this season in a predominately attacking role but ancelotti is confident that real 's no 23 could sit in front of the defence just like modric usually does . ' we are missing some important players but it 's impossible for us to be more motivated than we are . we have to live with injuries . we did it in the past and it will not hurt our confidence , ' ancelotti said at a press conference . real madrid boss ancelotti could turn to striker javier hernandez in their absence against atletico madrid . isco and jese will also be be hoping to start the champions league clash against their madrid rivals . real madrid will be without former tottenham hotspur midfielder modric for their champions league clash . ancelotti 's real madrid side will also have to do without attacking duo bale and benzema against atletico . ' isco has played in modric 's position before and he did very well there . we have plenty of options even without bale and benzema . there 's james , jese and chicharito . james has been doing great , both on the right and in midfield . chicharito is in fine shape as well , both physically and mentally . ' i will choose the best possible line-up . i will select players that will help the team to play like we did in the first leg . i have the best squad in the world in my opinion . '