while racism is thought to be rife in the southern us states , a new ' hate map of america ' reveals prejudice to be common elsewhere . the map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast , along with the south , have now become the most racist areas of the us . the rust belt straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states , while the coal region is found in northeastern pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains . the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio . racism ( in red ) in the new england states , along with new york , were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers . racism is rife in the coal region in northeastern pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains , according to the map . racism is also common in the ' rust belt ' which straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states . the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio . racism in the new england states , along with new york , were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers . searches for n****r are less frequent in regions west of texas . the map based its results on google search data – a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact barack obama 's electoral chances , according to the washington post . ' google data , evidence suggests , are unlikely to suffer from major social censoring , ' harvard university data scientist , seth stephens-davidowitz , wrote in an earlier paper . he added that google searchers are online and likely alone - both of which make it easier to express socially taboo thoughts . asking someone about racism in a traditional survey rarely works , says stephens-davidowitz , because people may lie , and often , racism can operate on a subconscious level . as part of the study , researchers at the university of maryland , columbia university , emory university and harvard university looked at searches containing the slur n****r . they found that it was searched for frequently , as often as , for instance , ' economist , ' ' sweater , ' and ' daily show ' . the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio . racism in the new england states , along with new york , were two surprising hotspots for racism . searches for n****r are less frequent in regions west of texas . the researchers on the plos one paper found that racist searches were linked with higher death rates in black communities . ' results from our study indicate that living in an area characterised by a one standard deviation greater proportion of racist google searches is associated with an 8.2 per cent increase in the all-cause mortality rate among blacks , ' the authors wrote . the map looks strikingly similar to a recent a map of racist tweets made by researchers at humboldt state university . students studied 150,000 geocoded tweets sent out between june 2012 and april 2013 containing 10 pre-selected hate words in three categories : racism , homophobia and disability . the map looks strikingly similar to a recent a map of racist tweets made by researchers at humboldt state university . students studied 150,000 geocoded tweets sent out between june 2012 and april 2013 containing 10 pre-selected hate words in three categories : racism , homophobia and disability . researchers discovered 41,306 tweets containing the word n****r , 95,123 referenced ' homo ' , among other terms . while racism may appear rife in the us , a separate study found that overall , western countries are the most accepting of other cultures . the data came from the world value survey , which measured the social attitudes of people in different countries . below are results of the countries that are the least tolerant : 40 % + ( of individuals surveyed would not want a person of another race as a neighbour ) india , jordan . 30 - 39.9 % egypt , saudi arabia , iran , vietnam , indonesia , south korea . 20 - 39.9 % france , turkey , bulgaria , algeria , morocco , mali , zambia , thailand , malaysia , the philippines , bangladesh , hong kong . tweets that included the slur n****r , were not concentrated in any single region in the us . instead , there are a number of pockets of concentration , including east iowa , where 31 users sent out 41 tweets referencing the word , and fountain , indiana , where there were 22 tweets containing the slur . perhaps the most interesting concentration comes for references to ' wetback ' - a derogatory term used for illegal mexican immigrants . most tweets containing the offensive term came from several parts of texas , which surprisingly are not even close to the mexican-american border . while racism may appear rife in the us , a separate study found that overall , western countries are the most accepting of other cultures with britain , the u.s.and australia more tolerant than anywhere else . the data came from the world value survey , which measured the social attitudes of people in different countries . the country with the highest proportion of ' intolerant ' people who wanted neighbours similar to them was jordan , where 51.4 per cent of the population would refuse to live next to someone of a different race . next was india with 43.5 per cent . racist views are strikingly rare in the u.s. , according to the survey , which claims that only 3.8 per cent of residents are reluctant to have a neighbour of another race . the country with the highest proportion of ' intolerant ' people who wanted neighbours similar to them was jordan , where 51.4 per cent of the population would refuse to live next to someone of a different race . next was india with 43.5 per cent . racist views are strikingly rare in the u.s. , according to the survey .