burnley manager sean dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation . the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp . sean dyche 's squad - minus the four players on international duty - spent last week in spain preparing for a run-in that begins with sunday 's tricky visit of tottenham . sean dyche believes his burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the premier league drop . they have a tough battle ahead but recent performances - not least last month 's defeat of champions manchester city - have given hope that a side rated as pre-season relegation favourites can escape the bottom three . the idea of a late-season getaway worked wonders last year , as dyche 's men returned to secure a promotion spot and he hopes for a similar boost this time . the 43-year-old said : ' last year we found it gave the lads a change and a change is almost as good a rest . we came back and we did the business by getting ourselves promoted . star man danny ings will need to be in top form to get the better of the tottenham hotspur defence . ' it 's a different kind of challenge this time but we want the same outcome which is to win games and be in the premier league . ' wins have been hard to come by - or certainly harder to come by - and it 's a big jump in quality but i think slowly but surely we 're refocusing on what the job is , learning as we go and delivering good performances . ' i have total belief we will be in the premier league . ' george boyd ( 21 ) celebrates after scoring the winner against manchester city at turf moor . burnley were written off by many after failing to win any of their opening 10 games but have since proved they are no pushovers . they remain in the relegation zone but were still just three points off 15th place ahead of the weekend fixtures . the spurs clash is followed by another tough task against arsenal but dyche has no doubt his side will push hard . he said : ' i do n't know what they 're thinking ( about us ) but i think they know we 'll give everything to win a game . that 's well documented . they know about the energy and physical desire of the team and behind that there is quality there . harry kane has been the player of tottenham 's season and will need to be watched carefully on sunday . ' of course that 's got to win games . we beat man city but we need more of that , and it 's not always good play but a bit of luck , a decision to go your way every now and then . ' i think our performances have been decent at least . we know they 're tough games and the next one will be tottenham but we 'll be ready . ' dyche has dismissed suggestions that his side , inexperienced at the top level , could start flagging as the heat intensifies in the coming weeks . michael duff ( left ) challenges arsenal star alexis sanchez during their clash at the emirates stadium . he said : ' last season there was no sign of that and this season there is no sign of that . ' we will be playing hard in every game to get the points we need to be in the premier league . it feels like there is no slowing down in what i believe , no slowing down in the training schedules . ' we will be training equally as hard - if not harder on certain days - to be ready for the challenge . '