the case of a british woman allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in ghana took an astonishing twist last week when a court was told that she died of a heroin overdose . hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband eric isaiah adusah – a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher – has been charged with her murder . pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears . ms speirs and mr adusah , who were married last september , were said to have argued during their stay . local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of ' opiate heroin overdose ' . mr adusah 's defence lawyer mr adomako acheampong has claimed in court that 41-year-old ms speirs was a habitual heroin user – and that her whole family were addicted to the drug . but speaking exclusively to the mail on sunday , ms speirs 's brother paul said that his sister had never touched drugs and it was ' an outrageous lie ' to say his family were all addicts . he added : ' the defence lawyer seems to be suggesting she had been a heroin addict for years but that 's absolute rubbish . ' the gardener , 30 , admitted that he had battled heroin addiction – but said it had been ms speirs who ensured he sought help at a christian-run rehabilitation centre near glasgow . he insisted he had now been drug-free for ten years . he also said his sister , who had an eight-year-old son from a previous relationship , would not have taken any such substances of her own accord , adding : ' my sister was always against drugs . ' the couple pictured on a christmas card . mr adusah is the leader of global light revival ministries church based in tottenham , north london and has been active as a preacher in britain since 2010 . and he rejected the claim that his entire family , including parents peter , 63 , a self-employed plumber , and 61-year-old cleaner linda , were addicted to drugs , saying : ' my parents ca n't stand the things . ' he revealed that charmain 's family had been surprised at her ' whirlwind marriage ' to mr adusah last september and had never trusted him . and he said that her friends had noticed changes in ms speirs after she met and then married 28-year-old mr adusah , who was based in britain but is originally from ghana . ms speirs grew up in arbroath in the angus region of scotland before moving to swansea , where she studied photojournalism and then worked as a radiography assistant for the nhs . last year she married mr adusah , leader of the global light revival ministries church based in tottenham , north london . he has been active as a preacher in britain since 2010 . the couple travelled to ghana early last month so mr adusah could preach at a three-day religious rally . on march 16 after the rally the couple checked in to the upmarket mac-dic royal plaza hotel in koforidua for five days . but when mr adusah left at dawn on their second day , he reportedly told reception staff not to disturb his wife as she was ' fasting and praying ' , and left a do not disturb notice on the door . hotel managers became concerned when ms speirs would not respond when they knocked . on march 20 , porters used a spare key to gain access and made the grim discovery . now her family are desperately seeking answers as they try to piece together fragments of information . mr speirs said : ' we 've been left in the cold , we do n't know a thing . my mum and dad just want to get charmain 's body back home . ' a spokeswoman for the foreign office said : ' we are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . ' mr adusah has been charged with murder in ghana and has had his application for bail rejected . he has not yet entered a plea . the case has been adjourned until later this month . 