for many it would be a joyous final 90 minutes watching the game they loved before heading for trenches and , in some cases , certain death . others , already wearing the scars of gruesome battle , flocked to old trafford for the fa cup final in their military uniforms and bandages . the presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the khaki cup final . on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england for four , long years . on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest a controversial fa cup final . many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its khaki cup final tag . the anniversary is being marked in manchester by the national football museum whose exhibition the greater game : football & the first world war tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium . some claimed the final , won by sheffield united following a 3-0 victory over chelsea , should not have taken place at all following the outbreak of war the previous year . and following the final whistle the watching earl of derby implored all of those present who had not enlisted to do so , and play ' a sterner game for england ' . far from an open-top bus parade and joyous celebration , the blades carried their silverware across the pennines under darkness . crowds who had gathered in sheffield to greet their heroes were dispersed by police . no parade was held for the victorious blades , who carried their trophy across the pennines under darkness . it was certainly a far cry from what will greet aston villa and arsenal when they meet at wembley stadium in may . head of creative programmes at the museum , andy pearce , explained that the authorities , desperate for reinforcements for the bloodthirsty battles on the muddy fields of europe , were not impressed . ' football fans and players had been targeted for recruitment to the military since the start of the season , ' he said . ' by the time of the cup final there was a sense that the game really was up . ' the crowd was largely from the manchester area , with many already in military uniform , who were either on leave or in training . many had signed up as part of ‘pals’ battalions . ’ the 11 sheffield united players who defeated chelsea in the last game to be played in england for four years . the game was played at old trafford as the regular fa cup final venue at the crystal palace had already been requisitioned for military training , and travel restrictions in the capital made an alternative london venue impractical . collections officer dr alexander jackson added : 'anti-football feeling in many sections of the press had reached its peak before the game . within months many of the crowd , and the players , would be in the trenches . ' on saturday 25 april 2015 , members of the manchester 1914-18 living history regiment will be at the national football museum to commemorate the final . 