a 41-year-old father has been arrested in phoenix over the death of his two-year-old son , who police say was left locked in a car in temperatures of up to 93 degrees for over two hours . james koryor was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm , but instead went to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin . the then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , wfsb reported . in custody : james koryor , 41 , has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son , who was left locked in the family 's car outside their phoenix home on monday for up to 2.5 hours , police say . scene : the boy is believed to have been left in this dark silver nissen after his father drank a bottle of gin and went inside to sleep . the boy 's mother then found him in the car some time later . police are still investigating what happened next , but believe the five-year-old son got out of the car , but the two-year-old was left in there . the boy 's family members were under the impression was sleeping inside the house . it was n't until some time later , police suspect up to two and a half hours , that the boy 's mother found him in the car . she had been studying inside and went to leave the house , which is on raymond street , near 75th avenue and broadway road . it was then she made the shocking discovering of her son on the back seat of the family 's nissan sentra . there were family members at the house at the time , who called 911 , and police say they were giving the boy cpr when emergency responders arrived at the scene . however the child was pronounced dead at phoenix children 's hospital . investigation : koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home , located on raymond street , near 75th avenue and broadway road . phoenix police sgt . trent crump said there was evidence of a struggle inside the car , indicating the boy had tried to get out . ' it 's a sad reminder of what we 're trying to say all the time about leaving children unattended in the car , ' crump told wfsb . while the outside temperatures reached about 93 degrees on monday , crump said temperatures around 70 were hot enough to kill a child left in a car . koryor has reportedly confessed to drinking alcohol .      