survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy . among them , the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners . four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ' boston ' were placed at the site . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured . martin 's older brother henry and younger sister jane , who lost a leg in the explosion , helped unwrap one of the flags on the street as bagpipes played during the low-key ceremony . scroll down for video . somber : the martin family , whose son richard was killed in the boston bombings , walk down boylston street with boston mayor marty walsh , left , ahead of a ceremony to mark two years since the tragedy . emotional : jane , who lost a leg in the blast , shares a smile with her father while her mother wipes away a tear . ceremony : jane and henry martin remove a drape covering a memorial banner to honor the victims . in total , four large orange banners were unveiled near the explosion sites on tuesday morning . memories : the family takes a moment to reflect at the scene as a ceremony to mark the anniversary begins . the family of krystle campbell , who also died in the attacks , helped unwrap another banner with the help of governor charlie baker . also at the ceremony was jeff bauman , who lost both legs in the bombings . his ashen face was captured in a now-iconic photograph as he was wheeled away by strangers . one of those strangers , carlos arredondo , is now a close friend . arredondo , who became known as ' the man in the cowboy hat ' was also at the site on tuesday morning to greet bauman as he walked on prosthetic limbs . ' we 're here to pay tribute to the people who lost their lives , ' bauman told wfxt-tv . they were joined by city officials including mayor marty walsh and governor charlie baker . at 2.49pm , a moment of silence was held to mark the moment the first of two bombs exploded near the finish line two years ago , while church bells sounded throughout the city . well-wishers visited the site of the explosions throughout tuesday to pay tribute to the young people who had lost their lives , and stopped to pay their respects at a memorial bearing their names . mayor walsh has declared april 15 ' one boston day , ' on which bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness and generosity . always remembered : jane martin sits on a new bench with the words ' keep running boston ' and ' boston strong ' written across it outside the fire station on boylston street . fitting right in : jane tries on a firefighter 's helmet during a visit to the boylston street fire station . proud : she grins alongside her mother denise , father bill and big brother henry inside the fire station . thankful : denise richard , who was hit in the head by shrapnel in the bombings , looks at banners signed by members of the public after the attack and now hanging at a fire station on boylston street . ' april 15 is a date that has come to stand for our city 's deepest values , ' he said as he announced the new tradition . ' in many respects , those most affected by the events of two years ago have shown us all the way back - with their courage , grace and determination , ' governor baker said in a statement released after the ceremony . ' they honor the past , remember and treasure loved ones lost and injured , and look forward to a better future . we should strive to do the same . ' another victim who lost a leg in the bombings , rebekah gregory , took to facebook on tuesday morning to describe her disbelief that two years had already passed . she was at the marathon with her young son , noah , and was less than 10 feet from where the first bomb exploded . she needed 17 surgeries and eventually had her left leg amputated last year . last month , she testified against the surviving bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , in his trial . strong : jeff bauman , who lost both of his legs in the bombings , is pictured with his wife erin and their daughter , nora gail , as they walk down boylston street in boston this morning . incredible : he was accompanied by carlos arredondo , who helped save his life two years ago . close friends : the two men have built a close friendship since the day of the blast . side by side : arredondo , whose adult sons both died in the years before the marathons , helped save bauman 's life after he was hit by the bombs . they two men are seen speaking with reporters on tuesday . tribute : a man touches a memorial to the victims , from left , mit police officer sean collier , 29-year-old krystle campbell , 23-year-old lingzi lu and eight-year-old martin richard , who were killed by the two bombers . memorial : the new banners show white hearts with the word ' boston ' inside . they have been placed at the top of lampposts , which have been decorated by flowers in blue and yellow - the marathon 's colors . ' it is extremely emotional to look back on the last two years of my life , ' she wrote . ' to remember what it felt like to be bleeding out on the pavement , wondering if i would ever see my child 's smile again ... ' it 's been a long road . some days , i 'm not quite sure how i have made it out of the bed . and if i 'm being really honest , a few times i have n't . ' but no matter what , there is one thing that i always keep in mind . i am blessed . and no matter how hard someone tries , they will never be able to take that away from me . ' she plans to run the last three miles of the marathon next monday . she also visited the site last year , but was pushed in a wheelchair as she struggled with issues with her leg . ' this time i wo n't be laying on the ground in pieces , or having to be assisted because i ca n't do things on my own , ' she wrote . support : a man wearing a shirt reading ' boston strong ' and ' survivor ' walks near the ceremony on tuesday . respects : a passerby wearing a t-shirt honoring martin pauses near one of the two explosion sites . reflection : people stop by the memorial at the scene of the first explosion on the marathon route . heartbreaking : a group of women gather near the site during the moment of silence on tuesday afternoon . powerful : a bunch of yellow and blue flowers lay at the scene of the first blast in boston on tuesday . ' this time ... the only thing hitting the ground will be my running shoe , as i show myself and the rest of the world that i am back , stronger than ever ... .and there is no stopping me now . ' three people were killed and more than 260 others were wounded in the april 15 , 2013 attacks and the two bombers were cornered days later , after they shot dead an mit police officer . one of the bombers , tamerlan tsarnaev , was killed during a shootout with police in watertown . the surviving bomber , dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was last week convicted of 30 counts during his federal trial . the jury is now deciding whether he should receive the death penalty but they have taken a break until next tuesday . this year 's marathon will be held next monday . missed : martin richard , pictured , was watching the marathon near the finishing line when he was killed . victims : boston university graduate student lingzi lu , 23 , ( pictured left ) and restaurant manager krystle campbell , 29 , ( right ) also lost their lives in the bombings on april 15 , 2013 .