for most couples , a peck on the lips is a quick way to show affection . but for kerrie armitage , a kiss from husband peter can trigger agonising hives . the mother-of-three , from leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water . she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years , because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up . kerrie armitage , from leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water . she claims a kiss from her husband peter ( right ) can trigger a painful flare-up , due to contact with his saliva . she said : ' because peter 's lips are wet , the saliva can make me react . he 's got to make sure his lips are dry before he gave me a kiss . ' it 's not every time - i can do the same thing time and time again and not react , but then i 'll do it once more and get a flare-up . ' her condition means that external exposure to water is the main problem , rather than drinking liquid . the situation has become so bad that hugging her children can trigger an episode , as their body heat makes her sweat - and she has trained herself not to cry . however , she added an allergic reaction tended to depend on the circumstances . ' for example , if peter was to give me a kiss on a hot day when i 'm flushed , i 'd probably flare up , but maybe not if i was in a cool environment , ' she said . ' it can be frustrating but he 's really supportive . ' after years together , it 's become normal . you learn how to get used it . but it can be bothersome . ' mrs armitage now faces a daiily battle to protect her skin from agonising flare-ups - and has also been forced to give up her job as a cleaner because she can not not touch water . even hugging her children katie , nine , emily , two and four-year-old step-daughter savannah , can become a nightmare as their body heat can trigger a reaction . ' it affects every aspect of my day to day life , ' she said . ' i have to choose between doing the washing up and bathing my kids . my hands ca n't take them both – it 's too painful . ' she added : ' when i 've got my children sat on me giving me a cuddle their body heat can cause me to sweat and have a reaction . her condition has become so bad that her hugging her children can trigger an episode , as their body heat makes her sweat - and bathing them can be problematic . ' even tears can trigger the hives . i 've had to train myself not to cry . ' i 've learned not to get too angry or frustrated , as this can make my body flush and cause me to sweat , which can be very painful . ' due to her condition , mrs armitage must ensure she bathes in under 10 minutes to try and minimise the allergic reaction . ' i 've found the closer the water is to body temperature the faster i react , so i have really hot baths to try lessen the reaction , ' she siad . ' i also do n't drink cold water - it feels quite sharp at the back of my throat - so i stick to coffee . ' mrs armitage , who has to keep antihistamines and an epipen with her at all times , also suffers from exercise-induced anaphylaxis . previously a size eight , with a keen interest in fitness , the exercise allergy combined with side effects of her medication have seen her expand to a size 14 . she discovered this second allergy just months after her urticaria diagnosis after playing on a nintendo wii fit game at home . ' it was completely out of the blue , ' she said . ' i could n't breathe , i was on the floor struggling to get air into my lungs . ' thankfully , i stopped the exercising straight away and my breathing slowed , but i was left feeling quite sick for a few days afterwards . ' the mother-of-two suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water . she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . swellings known as weals appear between 15 minutes and two hours after exposure to water . she can now tell when an episode may strike - and knows she must stop whatever she 's doing when she feels the earning signs . ' i ca n't articulate what 's happening at the time - it all becomes quite foggy in my head , ' she said . on another occasion , mrs armitage was forced to sit on the floor , gasping for breath in the middle of leeds ' white rose shopping centre after a reaction was triggered by simply walking up a flight of stairs . in a vicious cycle , the anaphylactic reaction causes her to sweat which , in turn , triggers her water allergy . she said : ' the two worst episodes i 've had have been after no more than five minutes – the equivalent to a warm up . urticaria , also known as hives or nettle rash , is a condition in which short-lived swellings occur anywhere on the body . these swellings ( weals ) may be pale , pink , or red , of different sizes and shape and itchy . as the raised weals flatten , they leave red marks that disappear usually in a day . new weals may then appear in other areas . the itchy reaction is caused by the release of histamine in response to a number of different triggers . some form of it affects 20 per cent of people at some point . however , aquagenic urticaria - triggered by water of any temperature - is extremely rare . the weals appear between 15 minutes and two hours after exposure to water . in more severe cases drinking water can cause minor swelling in the throat . there is no known cure . symptoms can be lessened by reducing exposure - such as taking quick showers , applying petroleum jelly to the skin as well as taking anti-histamines . ' i 've had to rule out exercise completely now , it 's just too much of a worry . ' mrs armitage , who has spoken out as part of allergy awareness week , has also had to teach eldest daughter katie how to administer an epipen injection . now , she faces a daily checklist to ensure she 's done everything she can to avoid reactions . ' before leaving the house i have to ask myself if i can get to the bus stop or if it 's too far and likely to trigger my reactions , ' she said . ' i have to check if it 's going to rain and make sure i have back-up clothing in case i get too hot or too cold . ' my social life has gone to pot . ' before , i could just say , `` of course i 'll come out ' but now , it 's , `` where are we going ? what 's the weather ? can i park somewhere close so i do n't have to walk and risk my anaphylaxis triggering ? '' ' ' there are all these stupid little things i have to consider . ' amena warner , nurse advisor at allergy uk said : ' urticaria is also known as nettle rash or hives . ' it is a red raised itchy rash and is very common , affecting one person in five at some point in their life . ' in most people , it settles quickly and is no more than a mild inconvenience , but in some people it can be severe and long lasting . ' a very rare form of urticaria is that which is triggered by water , which is called aquagenic urticaria , the red raised itchy rash comes up on contact with water . ' treatment can help the symptoms and the person should receive specialist information from an allergist/immunologist . ' this week is allergy awareness week . for more information , visit the allergy uk website .