sacked by the bbc : jeremy clarkson ( pictured on april 10 ) said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . two days before assaulting a bbc producer , jeremy clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer . speaking for the first time in detail about the incident that resulted in his sacking from the top gear show , 55-year-old clarkson said being given the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . in an attempt to explain his state of mind at the time of the attack , he said : ‘ two days before the “fracas” , i had been told , sternly , by my doctor that the lump on my tongue was probably cancer and that i must get it checked out immediately . but i couldn’t do that . ' we were in the middle of a top gear series . and top gear always came first . ’ clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear , but wrote in his column in the sunday times : ‘ that was the most stressful day i have ever had in 27 years at the bbc . ‘ it was beyond-belief stressful , everything was gong wrong , and then you know ... there you go . but everyone has stressful days , and they manage to cope better than i had . ’ clarkson was sacked by the corporation after an ‘ unprovoked physical and verbal’ attack in hawes , north yorkshire that left his victim , oisin tymon , 36 , in need of hospital treatment . the presenter said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce from wife frances and the death of his mother shirley , and he worried about all parts of the programme . scroll down for video . top gear : clarkson ( pictured centre with co-presenters richard hammond , left , and james may , right ) said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother . shock : clarkson ( pictured with in london last tuesday ) has said that two days before assaulting a bbc producer he was told he might have cancer . he said : ‘ i woke every morning worrying about every single line . and i went to bed at night worrying that the changes i’d made during the day were wrong . ‘ friends would talk to me when we were out and , though i could see their lips moving , i couldn’t hear what they were saying . ’ he added : ‘ i felt sick because after i’d lost my home and my mother , i’d thrown myself even more vigorously into my job and now , idiotically , i’d managed to lose that too . ’ clarkson also revealed that he expected to present another television show about cars in the future . the star was suspended by the broadcaster last month when he became the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked mr tymon , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . divorced : clarkson , 55 , and his wife frances , 53 , pictured together in london in april 2008 while stile married . clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general tony hall saying at the time ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . but the broadcasting veteran received widespread public support , including from friend prime minister david cameron . clarkson said he even considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident . earlier this month , north yorkshire police said that following an investigation clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting bbc satirical show have i got news for you , which was due to be filmed next week , and aired a day later . it would have been his first bbc appearance since the fracas which led to his exit .