the arrival of an advanced group of modern humans in europe 40,000 years ago played a role in the demise of neanderthals , scientists have claimed . neanderthals were the dominant human species in europe and much of asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago . now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern europe at around the same time the neanderthals disappeared . scientists took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps ( left ) and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains ( right ) , both in italy , and found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the protoaurignacian culture . they have been able to conclusively show that a pair of ancient baby teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern italy belong to modern humans from this culture . it has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976 , and later in 1992 , over whether the teeth and other artefacts found with them were neanderthal or homo sapien in origin . an incisor found in riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps in 1976 , and an upper incisor found in 1992 , in the grotta di fumane in the western lessini mountains in italy are among only three remains thought to have belonged to the protoaurignacian culture - an early group of humans . dr benazzi and his colleagues at the cnr institute of clinical physiology in pisa , italy , whose work is published in the journal science , used ct scans of a tooth found in riparo bombrini . they found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . using advanced scanning and dna analysis , researchers have now been able to prove that these teeth belonged to protoaurignacian humans and are the oldest modern human remains in europe . they suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture that marked a turning point in humanity’s evolution and led to the rapid disappearance of neanderthals in the face of their more advanced cousins . the aurignacian culture that followed the arrival of these first modern humans produced the world’s earliest known musical instruments and the oldest wall art . they also produced advanced bone and antler based weapons , and are thought to have been behind a 40,000-year-old sculpture known as the lion man . dr stefano benazzi , an archaeologist at the university of bologna in italy said : ‘ what the results mean is that these two teeth represent the oldest european modern human fossils currently associated with an aurignacian-related archaeological context . ‘ human fossil material is very rare , particularly well preserved deciduous teeth . ‘ this finding suggests that the arrival of our species on the continent might have triggered the demise of neanderthals , which likely disappeared around 39,000 years ago . ’ there are very few archaeological remains of the protoaurignacian culture from when they arrived in europe . the baby teeth , found at two sites in north italy shown above , are two of just three protoaurignacian remains . using advanced scanning and dna analysis , researchers have proved the teeth belonged to this culture and that they are the oldest modern human remains in europe . they suggest it was the arrival of this modern human culture ( infant skull pictured left ) led to the rapid disappearance of neanderthals ( skull pictured right ) . this fragment bird bone was engraved by inhabitants of a rock shelter at riparo bombrini in north west italy and is now known to have been made by the first modern humans in europe who arrived 40,000 years ago . ct scans of the incisor found at riparo bombrini ( above ) showed it had thicker enamel than neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . an incisor found in riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps in 1976 , and an upper incisor found in 1992 , in the grotta di fumane in the western lessini mountains in italy were among only three remains that thought to have belonged to this early group of humans . they are often depicted as dim-witted evolutionary losers , but neanderthals were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains . instead , it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors , scientists believe . an analysis of archaeological evidence dating back 200,000 years strips away some of the myths surrounding neanderthals and reveals they were more advanced and sophisticated than has widely been thought . many researchers believe the differences between the two human species are not enough on their own to account for the demise of the neanderthals . neanderthals have been found to make stone tools and even made jewellery . eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at neanderthal site in krapina in croatia were used to create a necklace or bracelet 130,000 years ago . they were found alongside a series of stone blades that had been made using advanced knapping techniques , other tools and simple ornaments . however , it has also been suggested that the teeth may have belonged belonged to neanderthals , meaning they had also been capable of this advanced technology . dr benazzi and his colleagues at the cnr institute of clinical physiology in pisa , italy , whose work is published in the journal science , used ct scans of a tooth found in riparo bombrini . they found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans . radio carbon dating also showed that it was 40,000 years old . researchers at the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology also managed to extract mitochondrial dna from the tooth found at grotta di fumane . they found it matched that of pre-agricultural modern humans . the researchers say that the findings prove that by 41,000 years ago modern humans of the protoaurignacian culture were spreading across southern europe . they believe that the advanced culture of these modern humans allowed them to outcompete and perhaps even overpower the neanderthals who were established there . however , their results can not exclude the possibility that the teeth came from individuals who were the result of interbreeding between neanderthals and modern humans . previous research has shown that the two species did interbreed and some researchers have suggested neanderthals became absorbed into modern human populations . one of the teeth was found during an excavation of the grotta di fumane in northern italy ( shown above ) . the samples were found alongside a series of stone blades that had been made using advanced knapping techniques , other tools and simple ornaments . evidence uncovered at the riparo bombrini rock shelter ( above ) suggests those who were living there 40,000 years ago had relatively advanced culture and technologies and so may have out competed neanderthals .