veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer . smith revealed on twitter last october that she had breast cancer , and since then has undergone chemotherapy . she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft . scroll down for video . veteran espn reporter shelley smith ( above ) is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . smith ( above with carmelo anthony ) will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft , . interviewing heisman trophy winner marcus mariota . she revealed she had cancer on twitter last october . smith , 56 , also revealed in an interview with sports illustrated , where she worked prior to her position at espn , that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head . ' i have a friend who is a former oncology nurse who tells me that when your hair falls out , it means the chemo is working , ' she said . 'that’s the attitude i took into this . i miss my hair , but i took what she said to heart : my bald head means i have a fight and i look at it as being fortunate to have a battle . ' for her first assignment back , smith will head to hawaii and be with oregon quarterback marcus mariota for a feature that will air prior to the draft . mariota , the winner of this year 's heiman trophy , is expected by most pundits to go first or second in the draft alongside florida star , and fellow quarterback , jameis winston . she will also be with mariota during the draft and interview him after he is selected before she returns for five more rounds of chemotherapy . smith ( above ) will undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy after the nfl draft . and while she says she still has a long road to recovery , she is getting back into the swing of things - and even hitting the gym . ' i wasn’t very good , but i did it , ' she said . ' i get stronger every day and that really helps my confidence . you never really know how strong you are until you go through something like this and i feel really strong . i’m excited to get back to work . ' she then added ; ' there are no guarantees , but i have been told if i do everything i have to do now i give myself the best chance possible to stay cancer-free for the rest of my life . '