a killer who was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff mid-way through his murder trial posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on his facebook page . martynas kupstys , 26 , spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from lincoln prison after staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 . the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis at lincoln crown court . convicted murderer martynas kupstys , pictured , posed on video brandishing a large meat cleaver . the lithuanian killer , who was jailed for life at lincoln crown court , also waved a saucepan threateningly . both men were this week jailed for life following the murder in gainsborough , lincolnshire in january 2014 . before the murder , kupstys posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver and waving it at the person behind the camera in a threatening manner . he also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of nazi dictator adolf hitler . the judge in kupstys ' original trial abandoned the hearing after eight days following the blunder costing the tax payer thousands of pounds . during his retrial , lincoln crown court heard that kupstys sat at a bus stop outside the prison and went into a local hospital to use the toilet until prison staff went looking for him . martynas kupstys , pictured , was jailed for life for the murder of ivans zdanovics by lincoln crown court . it was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made . giving evidence during his retrial , kupstys told the court : ' i thought about running away . i thought about many things . i could go home , i could return to my friends , but i understood it can not be that i was released . i should go to the court . ' i was released by mistake . i told them i was supposed to be at court . i was told everything was fine . i was told everything was in order and i was being released . ' when asked about his brief period of freedom , he replied : ' i enjoyed the sunshine for a few hours . i sat on the bench 20 or 30 metres from the prison gate . i thought that they had released me by mistake and they should come and get me and take me back in . ' i was out of the prison for about three hours . there came a time when the prison officers came and fetched me . many prison officers . ' the mistake happened three weeks into the first trial which cost approximately £3,000 a day . the victim was found dead in his burnt-out home in gainsborough , lincolnshire in january 2014 . a post mortem confirmed that zdanovics died from smoke inhalation . kupstys was jailed for life with a minimum tariff of 25 years while his co-accused giedraitis was also given a life term with a minimum of 21 years . government inspectors criticised the prison in 2012 who found it was severely over crowded by 50 per cent . a prison service spokesman told the telegraph : ' all of the recommendations raised in an externally led investigation have been implemented by hmp lincoln . a wider investigation into this incident , which will consider disciplinary action , is still ongoing . ' kupstys also posted a photograph of him imitating a pose beside a waxwork of nazi dictator adolf hitler . kupstys was released from lincoln prison , seen in the background , instead of being taken to court and spent several hours sitting at this bus stop until bungling prison officers realised their mistake . 