mitchell keenan , with his father keith , who had to have his toes amputated after contracting frostbite while being forced to live in a tent . the family of a disabled man claim he had to have all of his toes amputated after he was forced to live in a tent through the winter because he was evicted from his home . mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated . it came after mr keenan had been living in the tent with his father keith , 62 , following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in skelmersdale , west lancashire , last year when they fell behind with their repayments . mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems including malnourishment , scabies and dementia . mr keenan 's aunt , dawn doyle , 54 , said : ' it 's absolutely outrageous what has happened to my brother and nephew . ' they lived in their home for 30 years and got into difficulty last year . ' they had their benefits sanctioned and things just spiralled out of control . ' they both have neurological conditions and disabilities and kept missing jobs interviews , so the problem got worse and worse . ' in july they lost their home and i tried everywhere to get them accommodation but nowhere would take them . ' ms doyle says she was then forced to buy her brother and nephew a tent , which they pitched on the beacon hill in skelmersdale . she also supplied them with food parcels from local food banks , while trying to provide for her own family . she added : ' i felt awful that i could n't take them in , but i 'm a single parent , with my own disabilities and i just knew i could n't cope . ' i tried my best for them and contacted so many different organisations , but just kept getting turned away . ' social services said they could n't come and assess them because they were in a tent - it was just farcical . mr keenan 's toes , which eventually had to be amputated after he caught frostbite from living in a tent during winter after being evicted from his home . ' when we saw mitchell 's toes we were horrified , that this can happen to people in the 21st century is disgusting . ' mr keenan has now been given temporary accommodation by west lancashire borough council and his father keith has been taken in by the stonham housing association . ms doyle believes that the problems all stemmed from the government 's spare bedroom benefit cuts . she explained : ' the bedroom tax is an awful thing , it 's affecting people 's lives all over the country and needs to be repealed . ' a department for work and pensions spokesman said : ' mr keenan and his son have never been sanctioned and continue to be supported through benefits and by jobcentre staff . ' we have given their local council hundreds of thousands of pounds to support vulnerable people through our housing benefit reforms . '