one of the most widespread ' food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth . the five-second rule , which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts , is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be . experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule , but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play . scroll down for video . one of the most widespread ' food rules ' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth , meaning this tart is n't safe to pick up . ' there 's no such things as a 'five-second rule ' , ' food safety information council spokeswoman rachelle williams told daily mail australia . ' it 's a myth ; we definitely do not recommend it . ' however , ms williams said we need to consider the type of food before picking something up off the floor and eating it . ' it all comes down to bacteria , ' she said . video courtesy of rmit . experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok , according to health experts . uncut fruit is one group considered non-hazardous , however cut fruits should never be subjected to the five-second rule . ' bacteria relies on moisture to grow , so any food wet food is considering potentially hazardous . it 's much easier for bacteria to grow on those foods . ' with dry foods , it is conversely much tougher for bacteria to grow . ' dry foods are things such as potato chips , lollies , nuts , biscuits , crackers and uncooked rice or pasta . potato chips and nuts fall into the ' maybe ' area of the five-second rule . meat , such as cold-cuts and salami , are definitely not worth the risk , and can be a breeding ground for bacteria . if you drop some uncooked rice , it can be safe to pick it up and throw in the pan . however , cooked rice is very dangerous . dry foods are things such as potato chips , lollies , nuts , biscuits , crackers and uncooked rice or pasta . wet foods are cut fruit , cold meats , ham , salami , dairy products , and cooked rice or pasta . the comments come after the food safety information council released a food safety report card as part of world health day on april 7 . crakers and nuts have a lower risk than wet foods . sausages should never be picked up - five-second rule or not . more than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in australia every year , with 31,920 hospitalisations and 82 deaths . however , the number is coming down , which experts credited to an increased basic understanding of food safety . ‘ australian consumers get an a plus for knowledge ... ' , food safety information council chair professor michael eyles said . ‘ but there are a number of other food safety practices where there can be ‘ room for improvement . ' mr eyles identified cooking food thoroughly , being aware of and sticking to use-by dates , and ensuring it is stored at the right temperature as important areas of focus . 