barefoot louis tomlinson perches on the edge of a sofa as he appears to roll a joint in a shocking new picture obtained by daily mail online and seen here for the first time today . the image which shows the one direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry , green weed-like substance and rolling paper was taken on wednesday amid 48 hours during which tomlinson has been seen partying hard . that same day tomlinson , 23 , was photographed returning to his london hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water . louis , newly single having split from long-term girlfriend eleanor calder , left london’s cirque du soir nightclub at 4am this morning and returned to his hotel in the company of five girls . scroll down for video . after the party : louis tomlinson returns to his hotel in london 's soho yesterday , after partying . it appears to be after the pictures were taken . in today’s new picture , apparently taken in london during this two-day party session , tomlinson appears to be smiling as he balances a magazine on his lap , smiling distractedly at a girl by his side as he prepares the suspicious cigarette . it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after zayn malik announced his decision to quit the band . shortly before his announcement it had emerged that zayn , 22 , and louis were being forced to post bonds worth close to $ 12,000 to be allowed into the philippines where they were due to play a concert in manila . the money was to be forfeited if either were caught using illegal drugs while there . and today’s picture comes in the wake of a video filmed last april where the pair were seen joking about drugs as they appeared to share a joint during the latin american leg of their 2014 stadium tour . the explosive video obtained by daily mail online last may sent shock waves through one direction’s young fan base . ' happy days ' : what louis tomlinson was heard saying as zayn malik smoked what appeared to be marijuana as the band was ferried to a stadium in lima , the capital of peru , for a concert . still partying : louis tomlinson heading for a night on the town in london yesterday . crowd in : one direction star louis tomlinson leaves london 's cirque du soir with five girls , who went back with him to his hotel in soho . louis could be heard narrating from behind the camera as he filmed his bandmate on their way to a one direction concert in lima , peru . at one point he announced : ‘ so here we are , leaving peru . joint lit . happy days ! ’ fellow band members harry styles , liam payn and niall horan were not present as , during the 15 minute journey in a smoke filled suv , louis , from doncaster , and zayn , from bradford , joked with each other and three members of their crew who are travelling with them . a member of the team asked about the filming : ‘ are we allowed to talk contraband in this ? ’ louis replied : ‘ yes , that’s what it is about . ’ current line-up : the four-member version of one direction performs in south africa last month after the departure of zayn malik to pursue a solo career . the way they were : clean-cut one direction - from left harry styles , zayn malik , niall horan , louis tomlinson and liam payne . adopting a faux serious tone as he focused on zayn who sat beside him wearing jeans and a bob marley t-shirt , louis said : ‘ zayn takes his job very seriously . he makes sure he goes through a two hour intense warm-up before every show . just to get himself in the zone for the show . ‘ one very , very important factor of zayn’s warm up of course is mary j herself . in fact i will present it to him now for some fantastic singing . ’ the band faced heavy criticism after the video leak with thousands of fans dumping tickets to their shows . liam payne tweeted an apology saying , ‘ i love my boys and maybe things have gone a little sideways . i apologize for that . ’ he added : ‘ we are only in our 20s and we all do stupid things at this age . ’ daily mail online has approached the band 's spokesman for comment .             