the body of andrew getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey £2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon . the los angeles neighbourhood is home to many of tinseltown’s most powerful players , but getty’s surname was all that was needed to ensure his entry into that social set . the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty , once the world’s richest man , andrew was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune . lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises , like no other , the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness . scroll down for video . found dead : andrew getty , the 47-year-old grandson of john paul getty once the world’s richest man , was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune . john paul getty , a misanthrope so tight-fisted he put a payphone in the hall of his surrey mansion , failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs . a string of gettys have died from drug overdoses , while another grandson of the family patriarch , jean paul getty iii , never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping . other members of the supremely dysfunctional family became embroiled in decades long lawsuits and divorces , always over money . even andrew’s father , gordon , a supposedly squeaky-clean married philanthropist and classical composer , was mired in scandal when it emerged he had a secret second family . in this latest tragedy , police say a woman called them to andrew getty’s home on tuesday , saying that the horror movie buff had suffered a heart attack . investigators say he had been having severe stomach problems and suffered significant bleeding in his rectal area . however , they believe he died of natural causes or an accident . andrew getty’s former girlfriend , identified in the u.s. media as aspiring actress lanessa de jonge , 32 , raised the alarm . reportedly she had told him to see a doctor about ‘ painful bowel movements’ . andrew getty’s former girlfriend , identified in the u.s. media as aspiring actress lanessa de jonge , 32 , raised the alarm . though investigators do not regard her as a suspect , she allegedly has a history of psychiatric problems and has been arrested a number of times for harassment and disorderly conduct . reports in america suggest that according to police insiders , officers had previously been called to the house 31 times , usually over domestic disturbances . lanessa and andrew were frequently under the influence of drugs when officers visited . then two weeks ago , getty took out a restraining order against her , the los angeles police said yesterday . at the same time as he took out the order , he said he had a serious medical condition and that doctors had warned him that ‘ heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously’ , putting him at ‘ serious risk’ . twelve years ago , when getty was being sued over a disagreement with a former employee , he was portrayed in court by ex-colleagues on a film he directed as a threatening , cocaine-snorting gun nut . educated at the private dunn school in california , he later studied at new york university and the university of southern california . intriguingly , records show he has been prosecuted 12 times for unpaid taxes . in this latest tragedy , police say a woman called them to andrew getty’s home on tuesday , saying that the horror movie buff had suffered a heart attack . the body of andrew getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey £2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon . andrew was the second eldest of four sons of gordon getty by his publisher wife , ann . gordon was the fourth son of the family patriarch j. paul getty , yet still gordon assumed control of the $ 4billion family trust when his father died in 1976 . j. paul getty married five times and produced six children , whom he treated with such disdain he never even bothered to attend their weddings . he became the world’s richest man when he struck oil in the middle east in 1953 . he reportedly showed affection for his youngest son , timmy . but when he died aged 12 from a brain tumour , his father didn’t go to his funeral . timmy’s mother claimed the tycoon had even complained about paying for his son’s medical treatment . his other sons fared little better . his eldest son and heir apparent , george , worked himself into an early grave trying to impress his father in the family business . he became so despairing at his failure that he would stab himself in the arms with a letter opener . he turned to drink and drugs , and died in 1973 after overdosing on pills . j. paul getty’s second son , ronald , was virtually disinherited after his mother adolphine — getty’s third wife — dared to drag her feet over a divorce when the tycoon decided to move on to wife number four . john paul getty iii ( left ) had his ear cut off by italian mobsters after being held to ransom for a portion of his wealthy family 's fortune - which his grandfather initially refused to pay . andrew getty 's father gordon getty ( right ) pictured in 1986 , a decade before his secret family was revealed . john paul junior , the third boy , has gone down in history as the prodigal son . after a first job earning $ 100 a month as a petrol pump attendant , he joined the family business , but took to drinking heavily . he became a heroin addict soon after meeting his beautiful second wife , the dutch actress and socialite talitha pol . they became darlings of the celebrity hippie set , partying with mick jagger and spending most of the sixties in a druggie haze . when talitha died of a heroin overdose in 1971 , a devastated john paul junior holed himself up in his home in england . unsurprisingly , he was cut off financially by his father , who intoned : ‘ no getty can be a drug addict . ’ the shortage of funds proved tragic in 1973 when john paul junior’s oldest child , john paul iii , 16 , was kidnapped in rome by the mafia . when a $ 17million ransom demand arrived , his skinflint grandfather refused to help . it was only after one of the boy’s ears was sent through the post that getty coughed up and the hostage was released . traumatised by his ordeal , the young john paul getty iii slipped into cocaine and heroin addiction , washed down with a bottle of bourbon a day . john paul getty , a misanthrope so tight-fisted he put a payphone in the hall of his surrey mansion , failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs . in 1981 , he suffered catastrophic liver failure and a severe stroke , emerging from six weeks in a coma virtually blind and paralysed from the neck down . he could communicate by little more than a high-pitched scream . he died aged 54 in 2011 . until now , andrew getty’s side of the family lived largely in comparative obscurity . after inheriting the family business empire , his father gordon sold getty oil to texaco for $ 10 billion in the mid-eighties . he then settled in san francisco to devote his life to philanthropy and his real passion : writing classical music . however , in 1999 , he , too , plunged the getty name into controversy after three previously secret children — then aged eight , ten and 14 — went to court to change their name to getty . they and their mother , cynthia beck , it emerged , had been gordon’s secret second family in los angeles , and the girls had decided to claim their birthright . his wife , ann , had been aware for two years about the other family . gordon and ann’s second son , andrew , meanwhile , had been trying with little success to become a film director . in 2003 , andrew was sued by a studio assistant , ingrid jacobs , for £500 in unpaid wages for his first and only film , a horror movie made in the house where he died this week . the court heard how getty snorted cocaine , spent heavily on prostitutes and carried a gun — keeping an arsenal of assault rifles at his home and threatening the film crew with them . ‘ all of us lived in fear of his dark , violent moods , ’ said ms jacobs in court . ‘ he once screamed at me : “i’m going to kick you in the kidneys so hard that you choke . ” ‘ he had no worries about spending thousands a week on high-price prostitutes , but he was mean as hell with everyone else . ’ charity thomson , the movie’s assistant director , said she saw getty snorting drugs while on the set . she described him as ‘ a spoilt rich kid who doesn’t value his own life or that of anyone else’ . money never bought the family patriach j. paul getty love , a fact he belatedly acknowledged when he said he would have given half his kingdom for a happy marriage . now , with another troubled getty life cut short , his family would no doubt agree the money that brought them such luxury has also brought seemingly endless misery . as one commentator said : ‘ they were born with golden ladles in their mouths , and they choked on them . ’