police arrested 53 people as pro-cannabis protestors gathered to get high and call for the drug to be legalised in london 's hyde park today . dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park - just yards from a prominent police sign which read : ' possession of cannabis is illegal ' . the crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420 ' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws . scroll down for video . taking him down : the four police officers were seen rushing towards the man at the entrance to hyde park . restrained : the pro-cannabis protestor is pushed down to the ground just yards from a police sign reading : ' possession of cannabis is illegal ' . thousands of campaigners were seen sitting on the grass openly smoking marijuana , comparing the size of their joints and listening to speakers while dozens of police officers hovered nearby . many protestors handed out cannabis leaf-shaped fliers and carried signs , with one reading : ' ed miliband would n't want his own children criminalised for cannabis possession . ' of the 53 who were arrested in london , 16 were taken into custody , while 21 were released on street bail and asked to return to a station at a later date . a met police spokesman said : ' anyone seen by an officer openly smoking cannabis in hyde park or in the westminster area could be issued with a warning or face arrest . ' the term '420 ' has become universally known as the code word for cannabis - after a group of students coined it while searching for an abandoned crop of marijuana in california in 1971 . a man wearing a president obama mask holds a marijuana joint to his mouth in hyde park today . campaigners were seen openly smoking cannabis while dozens of police officers stood nearby . the festival is usually held on april 20 and last year there were estimated to be around 10,000 people openly smoking marijuana in hyde park . the 420 day event is organised by a reform-seeking group called norml uk , along with the uk cannabis social clubs ( ukcsc ) . last year , greg de hoedt , president of ukcsc , told the guardian last year : ' the cannabis community is crying out for legalization and regulation . ' we encourage growers to register with ukcsc because we want data we can present to authorities and say : this many people grow cannabis , this many people are growing for medicinal purposes ; and we can also establish which strains work with which illnesses . ' four people hold their marijuana joints together with a bag full of the drug visible in the centre of the photo . many campaigners carried signs including this message referring to labour leader ed miliband . this weekend also saw campaigners gather in glasgow 's george square and in manchester 's platt fields park . the manchester event 's facebook page reads : ' this will be our fifth annual gathering so we plan to make it one to remember . ' for those who have n't been there 's going to be good tunes , good food , good company , games and activities , face painting , freebies , talks stalls and information all in the name of celebrating the many aspects of cannabis culture . ' checking for drugs : police officers stop and search a visitor to hyde park this afternoon . the 420 day event is organised by a reform-seeking group called norml uk , along with the uk cannabis social clubs ( ukcsc ) . a protestor blows smoke from a marijuana joint during taday 's pro-cannabis festival in hyde park . more than 50 people were arrested at today 's event in london , with 16 taken into police custody . the controversial pro-cannabis event is set to continue into tomorrow with a ' parliament protest picnic ' , according to the ' london 420 ' facebook page . this weekend also saw campaigners gather in glasgow 's george square and in manchester 's platt fields park . 