a couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in hurricane sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery . mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together . the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed . dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house . both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 . the loving couple met after they separately moved from new york to a trailer park in connecticut , after they lost their homes . during the storms ms diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety . the 62-year-old did n't evacuate during hurricane sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats . she lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . ‘ sandy left me homeless and alone and now because of sandy i met the love of my life , i hit the lottery and we’re shopping for the house of our dreams’ , the thrilled woman told the new york daily news after she won $ 255,555 ( £174,000 ) . ms diano’s troubles first began when she stayed at home with her five cats during the storm brought on by hurricane sandy , which caused chaos when it hit 24 states in the us . as the water began to fill her house she stepped outside and was swept away by a huge wave before landing in the high branches of a tree – saying she feared she was going to die . she was hauled to safety by a kind stranger , who saw she was about to touch a live wire and risk being electrocuted . the loving couple said they do n't consider the winnings as money - but as the chance for a new start and home . sandy left ms diano homeless and alone , she said - but it also brought her the love of her life and a lottery wn . ms diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home , and went to live in a connecticut trailer park after winning a year’s rent-free accommodation in a church raffle . there she met mr krauss , who had also lost his home in brooklyn , new york , in the storms , and the homeless pair began a relationship . she won the lottery last october after buying it from a gas station , but decided not to cash it in until april 6 – the day after easter – as a symbolic sign of a new beginning . reliving the moment she knew her life had changed , she told the daily news : ‘ i ran outside to dennis waiting in the car and told him we won . the hurricane destroyed homes as it swept through new jersey ( pictured ) , including ms diano 's home . he said , ‘ if you’re busting my chops , i’ll kill ya . ’ i showed him the ticket . ‘ we hugged . we kissed . i wept . ’ mr krauss said they did n't consider the winnings as money but the chance for the start of a new life together in their own home , ' we don’t consider it money . we consider it a home . it’s a home ' , mr klaus told the news 8 channel . 'it’s not to be spent . it’s where we’re going to live together and start a new life . '