a playground in tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation , which has raised fears for the health of children in the area . soil underneath a slide at the park in the toshima ward in the north-east of the japanese capital , showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . danger : japanese authorities detected an unusually high level of radiation around playground equipment in this tokyo park ( pictured ) . safety : authorities cordoned off the park after high levels of radiation were detected underneath a slide . it was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park , which opened two years after the 2011 fukushima disaster . authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park . the playground has now been fenced off with an orange barricade . park representative kyoko tsujimura said : ' we are still checking what caused these elevated radiation levels and what type of radioactive substance it is . ' the city has set up a health advice office to answer queries from concerned parents . according to the international commission on radiological protection recommendations , members of the public should not be exposed to more than 1000 microsieverts per year . japan has seen heightened concern over radiation since the 2011 failure of a nuclear plant in fukushima following an earthquake and tsunami , which led to leaks of radioactive water . in the months after the nuclear meltdowns , concerned parents and citizens began measuring radiation levels in tokyo schools and parks . thousands of people are still living in temporary shelters and have been unable to return home in areas closest to tokyo electric power 's nuclear plant . elsewhere , a drone with a small amount of radiation was found on japanese prime minister shinzo abe 's office building this week . clean up : workers carry away a container after extremely high levels of radiation were detected in the park . tests : following two rounds of testing , officials found high levels of radiation on a section of the equipment .