ed miliband lurched further to the left yesterday with a land grab to extend state control over the property market . the labour leader 's ' stalinist ' plan to seize unused plots – as well as impose rent controls – shocked experts and investors . property analysts said the move would take britain back to the ' dark days of the seventies ' . scroll down for video . land-grabber : red ed wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land . mr miliband wants to bring in ' use it or lose it ' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land . sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . the announcement saw shares in housebuilders , including barratt developments , persimmon and taylor wimpey , fall by around 2 per cent before later recovering . the institute of directors describes the land grab as a ' stalinist attack on property rights ' . last night a spokesman said : ' developers do not generally sit on large amounts of land for long periods . talking about compulsory purchasing is very difficult – who makes the decisions ? ' we do n't think that a series of interventions on the demand side of the housing market are particularly helpful when the problem is we are not building enough houses . ' pointing the way : mr miliband wants to bring in ' use it or lose it ' powers for councils . andrew percy , tory candidate for brigg and goole , said : ' it is the sort of policy you might expect from soviet russia . ' we should encourage developers to use this land , but threatening to steal people 's land is using a stick rather than a carrot . ' mr miliband 's plan to link rents to inflation under new , three-year contracts came under fire too . alan ward , of the residential landlords association , said margaret thatcher 's abolition of rent controls in 1988 had doubled the number of homes on the lettings market . ' labour 's plans would take use back to the dark days of the seventies and the eighties which caused a shortage of decent homes to rent , ' he added . melanie leech , chief executive of the british property federation , said : ' in places like london tenants will find this policy on rents may make their budgeting harder , rather than easier . ' their rent will tick along at cpi inflation for a couple of years and then they will face a potential sharp rise in year three when the rent returns to market . ' ultimately what will help tenants best is more investment in housing . ' pension funds and other institutions have billions to invest in this market – developing places that would provide a new generation of high-quality homes that offer greater choice to renters , including the option to sign longer tenancies . ' in it together : mr miliband said the pledge to cut stamp duty to zero over the next three years would benefit nine out of ten people buying their first home . richard lambert , of the national landlords association , said labour 's package would make owners less likely to risk their money in providing homes while banks would be deterred from advancing loans . in his policy package , mr miliband also said he wanted to ' restore the dream of home ownership ' by giving first-time buyers a stamp duty holiday on homes up to £300,000 in value . he said up to half of new homes would be earmarked for local residents trying to get a foot on the property ladder , while higher taxes would be imposed on foreign buyers . mr miliband 's housing announcements are an attempt to regain the initiative after the tories unveiled a popular policy two weeks ago to extend the right to buy to all tenants of housing associations . the labour leader said housing would be a late addition on his party 's election pledge card – increasing the number of pledges from five to six . mr miliband said the pledge to cut stamp duty to zero over the next three years would benefit nine out of ten people buying their first home , could save up to £5,000 and would cost the government £225million a year . chancellor george osborne dismissed mr miliband 's stamp duty pledge as a ' complete gimmick ' . naomi heaton , of london central portfolio , an asset management company , said mr miliband 's housing policy was ' a load of old cobblers ' . ' labour are clearly very bad at their sums , which is why , of course , we are so worried about them running the economy , ' she said . ' the average purchase price for a first time buyer outside london is £137,120 , according to the halifax . following the new stamp duty reforms introduced by the conservative coalition last december , the stamp duty charge for buyers at this level is just £242 . ' this is what the labour policy would save – not £5,000 . ' jenny luckitt , of campaign group generation rent , said : ' these policies to cut stamp duty do nothing for affordability . ' they merely stimulate demand and drive house prices even further out of reach of ordinary first-time buyers . ' limiting this policy to the first two years of government is a gimmick that will only drive up prices as people scramble to buy before the ' holiday ' is over . ' trump card : the labour leader said housing would be a late addition on his party 's election pledge card – increasing the number of pledges from five to six . david orr , of the national housing federation , said : ' slashing stamp duty could lead to even higher demand on homes for first-time buyers , pushing up prices even further out of reach , while not addressing the supply of homes we so desperately need . ' mr miliband dismissed the backlash , saying : ' our proposals will be better for home owners in britain and for companies building homes in britain . ' we have a housing market that is frankly not working and we have government that is not unblocking the real barriers there are in the housing market . ' mr miliband added : ' we wo n't let those large developers just hoard land – waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes . ' we 'll say : either you use the land or you lose the land . '  