nearly 90 years after she would have graduated from high school , a 103-year-old wisconsin woman finally got her diploma . marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school , which was located six miles away from her home . now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care in spring green , the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated . never too late : 103-year-old marie hunt received an honorary high school diploma 87 years after she would have graduated . ' i was born in 1911 , and there was no way that country kids six miles away could go to high school , ' she said , adding that instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings . when she expressed that she always regretted not graduating , her hospice nurse contacted the local high school to see if they could make ms. hunt 's dreams come true . ' it 's something i always wanted , and i did n't have the opportunity to go . and now , a hundred years later , here i am , ' she told abc 's wkow on her graduation day , 87 years after her classmates graduated in 1928 . interrupted education : unable to get to her high school six miles away , ms. hunt dropped out and helped to care for her eight younger brothers and sisters . a different time : born in 1911 , ms. hunt did n't have easy access to transportation to commute to school . friends , family , and fellow residents at her assisted living center were on hand to watch her walk in her black cap and gown as the traditional graduation song ' pomp and circumstance ' played . river valley high school 's principal , the school board president and the district 's superintendent were also in attendance to award the school 's first honorary degree of its kind ; before giving one to ms. hunt , the school had only ever issued honorary degrees to veterans . ' it is my great honor , as a high school principal , to be presenting you with your honorary high school diploma , ' principal kimbert kaukl told her during the ceremony . school of life : ms. hunt was presented with a diploma after her hospice nurse contacted the local high school . ceremonial rituals : supportive friends and family laughed and applauded as ms. hunt moved the tassel on her graduation cap from the right to the left sides , signifying that she had graduated . ms. hunt , who has lived in spring green her whole life , did not share whether she had designs on higher education , but she did say that she ' might have been college material , ' had she graduated when she was supposed to , as three of her siblings went on as three of her siblings went to college . for now , having her high school diploma has given ms. hunt plenty to be proud of . ' it says i 've had a successful life , ' she told wisc-tv madison .