parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . and like many others , they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it . but so desperate are they to get their son craig – known to them as cj – into a local prep school that they’ve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees . and that’s not all . they’ve also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers , and have pinned their hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative , hoping members of the public will help them achieve their dream . scroll down for video . the morgan family outside their home in hastings with dad craig , mum bonnie and sons craig jr ( known as cj ) , nine , and alfie , four . they are selling it for £185,000 to help pay for craig jr 's prep school fees . ‘ we believe any child will benefit more from what a private education has to offer , ’ said mrs morgan . ‘ there is simply no comparison . ’ the morgans , from hastings in east sussex , settled on the idea of a private education for their children after cj , who they say is academically gifted , found that he wasn’t being stretched at his state primary school . ‘ we always knew cj was very bright , ’ mrs morgan said . ‘ by the age of two he could recite the continents and at nursery he was identified as gifted and talented . ‘ by six he knew what every road sign meant and was reading paperbacks . teachers say he is at least two years ahead academically compared with other children of the same age . and we’ve been told if he continues as he is doing with his maths , he is likely to gain a maths scholarship when he goes to senior school . ’ despite his success at the local school – rated as outstanding – the morgans felt he was too bright for state education and not achieving as much as expected . and then , they say , came a problem with playground bullying . ‘ he won a trophy for his go-karting hobby and after taking it to school he was constantly taunted by two boys , ’ mrs morgan said . ‘ he started coming home in tears . ‘ the final straw came when one yob yelled in his face and another punched cj for nothing . the staff agreed it was an unprovoked attack but cj no longer wanted to go to school . he started biting his nails and becoming withdrawn . ’ battle abbey school in east sussex . ‘ friends and family can’t understand why we are giving up everything ' to send cj to the £4,000 a term school , says mum bonnie . heartbroken , the morgans kept their son at home and contacted their local council to see if he could be transferred to a different primary school , but no places were available . eventually in august 2014 – and with cj refusing to return to his state school – he sat the entrance exam for battle abbey prep school . mrs morgan said : ‘ he sailed through the exam and when we looked round the school , we all fell in love with it . there is a big emphasis on good manners there – something that simply wasn’t emphasised as important at cj’s old school . he loved it and in september started as a day pupil . ’ but at £4,000 a term , the fees were crippling for the family , particularly as their income depended on mr morgan’s work as a taxi driver . however , having seen their son join the choir and become part of the water polo and hockey teams , all within just a term , the family decided to cash in the only real asset they possessed . ‘ our net monthly household income is £2,300 , ’ said mrs morgan . ‘ after bills and the mortgage have been paid , i’m often left with just £50 a week for food . but we just want the best for cj . ‘ friends and family can’t understand why we are giving up everything . they think we are mad to pauper ourselves to give cj – and ultimately his four-year-old brother alfie – a private education . ’ as well as putting their house on the market , the morgans have taken in a number of lodgers and have set up a ‘gofundme’ account in the hope of attracting donations of £115,000 from the public . mr morgan works as a taxi driver meaning the bishop abbey fees were crippling for the family , forcing them to sell their house , take in lodgers and attempt crowd-funding to afford them . ‘ holidays are out and even day trips aren’t possible as we can’t afford the petrol , ’ said mrs morgan . ‘ cj and alfie have given up their bedrooms so we can rent them out . it means they have to sleep in the same bedroom as craig and me . ’ private school fees are a growing problem for parents , with those on middling incomes finding themselves increasingly forced out . since 1990 , fees have quadrupled , with the average cost of sending two children to private school now estimated at more than half a million pounds . even so , figures from the independent schools council suggest that demand for private education is increasing . mrs morgan said : ‘ the fees include extras such as some after-school clubs and trips . his uniform alone with its different pairs of sports shoes and pe kit cost us £500 . we owe £9,800 on three credit cards but can only afford to pay off the minimum amount every month . ’ to help cut costs , the family’s £120 weekly grocery bill has already been slashed to £50 , thanks to bulk-buying and plenty of home-cooking . the morgans have had to slash their weekly grocery bills by more than half to try and give cj , and in future his brother alfie , the private education they believe they deserve . ‘ our clothes come from second-hand shops and we’ve even stopped the boys’ pocket money , ’ mrs morgan added . once their house is sold , the morgans plan to rent a property , using about £85,000 of equity they have in their home to pay the fees . ‘ ironically , as our mortgage is only around £200 a month and renting will cost about £1,000 , it is going to add to our outgoings , ’ mrs morgan said . ‘ but this way we can sleep at night . we can clear our debts and , most importantly , pay for cj’s school fees . ‘ of course some people’s children are lucky – they sail through a state school and go on to become lawyers or doctors . everyone has a choice and some parents would simply not want to make the sacrifices we are doing . but , the facilities , the ambiance , the atmosphere – it is all so much better than any state school . if your child is at a private school he is simply far more likely to reach his potential . ‘ every day i pick cj up from school he has a smile on his face . he is full of enthusiasm and inspired by his lessons . ‘ craig and i will always know we did the very best we could . ’ to donate to cj’s scholarship fund go to gofundme.com/qrbd8w .