he 's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in london , and enjoying the best bars and restaurants with his wealthy co-stars , but chelsea boy andy jordan 's heart lies outside the capital . from getting stopped and searched for drugs in mexico , to hijacking tuk tuks in india , the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond london 's exclusive sw3 postcode . while you may expect him to enjoy the best luxury hotels around the world , the carefree traveller says he often packs the bare minimum and even enjoys staying in the odd travelodge . jetsetter : andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also enjoys a stay at travelodge . sat in andy 's london flat at the start of the bank holiday a travel edition of ' would you rather ' kicks off proceedings . ' i do n't think i 've played this sober before , ' he says , before revealing how he prefers action holidays to lying on a beach . ' i once took a girl on holiday to morocco for her birthday , ' he said when asked about the most romantic place he has taken a female companion . ' it was a bit awkward as we were together but broke up just before , but both still wanted to go . ' what she did n't realise is i had booked it based on the best surfing spots in the area and turned up at the airport with my surfboard . ' she was livid ! ' action man ! the singer loves to keep active on holiday and aims to surf in the arctic one day . the singer released his album , geography , last year and in the title song he sings about falling in love at first sight on london 's underground . the ladies of london will be delighted to know he is completely open to finding love on trains . ' i had my first ' train encounter ' when i was 14 and i chatted to this girl for five hours , all the way from oxford to bodmin parkway , ' he explains . ' it was so incredible we even kissed when i got off and met up that evening on the beach . ' i am a big believer in that kind of thing . ' sun loving ! the latest holiday the chelsea boy went on involved the cast from the tv series . their trip to barbados was shown on the season opening episode this week . most of the singer 's future holiday plans involve ticking surfing spots off his bucket list . ' i want to surf in the arctic , it 's becoming a big thing and you can surf between glaciers with patagonia wetsuits that let you go in four degree water . ' of course the chelsea boy had a gap year , funded by doing a telesales job in his bedroom in pajamas , before surfing every day for six months around the world . when asked if he would rather join the mile high club and be caught or never join at all , his response is instant . ' join it ! hands down ! just to clarify i am not currently a member of it . ' andy 's favourite hotel is the tryall club in jamaica . he stayed at the round house and brought the whole of his family . his favourite place to stay is in the tryall club in jamaica 's montego bay . the country club retreat is where he has previously shared the sumptuous round house property with his family . ' it 's very cool as it has a huge turret and a dining room table that seats 18 people and the staff are amazing . ' i got blamed for drinking all the rum but it was actually the butler . ' andy also loves to check into london hotels such as the corinthia , just for fun ( as you do ) and the londoner believes the hotel service in the capital is among the best in the world . more rivalry ! andy jordan and jamie laing set their sights on made in chelsea newcomer jess woodley . but it 's not all sumptuous surroundings and butler service , andy reveals he is also a fan of travelodge . ' when i was on tour i took our whole team there and they do a great bed , ' he said . ' even mark francis would stay there , he is actually an extremely chilled traveller . ' if the singer could pick anywhere in the world to busk for a day , it would be union square in new york in summer . ' i probably would n't get to play for very long as i would get chatting to someone , go for a coffee and end up exploring the city . ' actually , an hour outside wall street and you would have about $ 400 and could leave it there anyway ! ' if andy could take one of the made in chelsea stars on a desert island with him it would be jamie . ' he would freak the most for sure , but he 's such a positive person he would just think screw it and have a fun time . ' he 's not a fan of organised fun so this would be the perfect place for him , but he would definitely start freaking out with then sun went down . ' the tv series is on its ninth season , and can be seen on e4 on mondays at 9pm . hijacking tuk tuks ! just one of andy 's many holiday adventures when he has been outside of his london sw postcode . the chelsea star enjoys going abroad as he is less recognised and does not have to act in such a refined way . ' in india i said to one of the tuk tuk drivers that i would pay extra if i could drive . ' it was a really great way of getting back from the temple to our hotel . ' but it was night and i nearly hit a cow , which are sacred there , and i had to swerve to miss it and a couple of people fell out ! ' his latest holiday was with the made in chelsea gang , and they flew with british airways from london gatwick to barbados . the gorgeous stars ' holiday was shown on the season opening on monday this week and andy was clearly a fan of the company . ' the girls looked great in bikinis , ' he grins , ' that 's all i 'll say . '