think global cultural attractions and it 's not the first destination that springs to mind . but benidorm , the package holiday mecca famous for a lowbrow british tv sitcom and adult entertainer sticky vicky is bidding for unesco world heritage status . however , the brash british holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station , say those pushing for its membership to the world 's most exclusive culture club . scroll down for video . high rise holiday resort benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ' world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china . sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind an application to unesco , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all . they believe the high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s deserves the same recognition as other ' world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china . sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind the application , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all . ' during the past 50 years , some 250 million visitors have enjoyed benidorm . it 's a symbol of harmonious coexistence that happily brings together people of all nationalities and languages , ' he said . many britons know the resort because of popular comedy benidorm , featuring the garvey family ( pictured ) . spain already boasts more than 40 unesco world heritage sites , including granada 's alhambra palace and donana national park in huelva . benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image . ' it 's the most sustainable and best-designed city of the mediterranean , ' said mayor agustín navarro . ' we want to protect all that we 've achieved during the recent decades as well as give it dignity and value . ' a decision over the application could take up to six years to be made . benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image .