these two australian dogs have got talent ! a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . scroll down for video . here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap . do n't forget about me ! soon , holly the border collie hops onto aoki 's legs . the brief clip , set to ' les toreadors ' from ' carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap . soon , aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old holly hops on . once holly is up , aoki stretches his hands up toward the sky . soon enough , holly and ace stand up solely on their hind legs - and hold the pose for several seconds . this is n't the first time the dogs have shown off their skills . aoki 's instagram page and youtube pages feature multiple videos of ace and holly doing tricks . aoki also works as a dog trainer , and runs the waterloo , australia-based company positive dog care . neat trick : the trio are seen performing their stunt together . ta-da ! holly and ace finish the trick by standing on their hind legs . family : ace ( far left ) and holly ( far right ) are seen with their owner and trainer , dai aoki . aoki runs the waterloo , australia-based dog training company positive dog care . puppy tales pointed out that the tv show ' the living room ' deemed ace australia 's smartest dog in 2014 . aoki told the website in january 2015 : ' i only use positive reinforcement in the training that i do . ' and , equally importantly , i always have fun with my dogs . ' i actually don’t really use the word `` training '' – we are just having a good time together and learning new things . ' aoki also told puppy tales : ' i have had a few dogs in my life and i have never learned properly about dog training . ' with holly and ace , i wanted to spend quality time with them and have happy long lives together , so i undertook a course on canine behaviour . ' ' the most important things in training your dogs are consistency , patience , respect and love , ' aoki revealed to the website . skilled : aoki 's instagram page and youtube pages feature multiple videos of ace and holly performing tricks .