the family rift tearing france 's national front apart plunged to new depths today when jean-marie le pen said his daughter marine ' may want me dead ' . it follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with ms le pen , the current leader , over his extreme views . she was particularly angry that mr le pen , a convicted racist and anti-semite , called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history ' . outage : jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' . anger : the 87-year-old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ' may want him dead ' . but , in response to suggestions he should step down from his position , mr le pen told rtl radio it was a ' crazy idea ' . mr le pen explained : ' the prestige that i obviously still have within the national front would cause a considerable stir , and a loss of influence for marine that she probably does n't gauge . ' he added : ' marine le pen may want me dead , that 's possible , but she must not count on my co-operation . ' in an interview on wednesday , mr le pen flamed allegations of anti-semitism by praising the wartime leader marshall phillippe petain , who collaborated with the nazis . mr le pen also said that france 's spanish-born socialist prime minister was an ' immigrant ' and so unfit to run the country . and he made it clear that he was ' nostalgic ' for the days when algeria , the biggest country in africa , was french . stubborn : however , mr le pen has refused to step down as honorary president of the far right party . ms le pen took over the national front ( fn ) from her father in 2011 , and has tried to purge it of its extremists . furious with her father 's latest outburst , his daughter said she would oppose his candidacy in december elections to lead the southeastern provence-alpes-cote d'azur region . she said his ' scorched earth strategy ' of causing maximum public outrage amounted to ' political suicide ' . ' the fn does n't want to be held hostage to his vulgar provocations , ' said ms le pen , adding : ' his aim is to harm . ' denier : mr le pen is known for his anti-semitic views , and was found guilty of holocaust denial in 2008 . in an interview with rivarol magazine , mr le pen stood by his gas chambers remark , saying : ' i am not the type of man who changes his mind or crawls . ' in a poll published last year , 83 per cent of french described mr le pen as a handicap to his daughter as she fights to become president in 2017 . the party has enjoyed immense electoral success over the past year , winning 25 per cent of the popular vote in local and european elections a year ago . socialist party leader jean-christophe cambadelis suggesting the in-fighting exposes the true nature of the fn , saying : 'jean-marie le pen says out loud what many fn leaders , members and even voters think . ' behind all that lies a political debate : should they keep what sets the far-right apart or hide it to win elections ? marine le pen has chosen to hide it , jean-marie to affirm it . ' 