former couple : ann malsbury ( right ) battered lee judson ( left ) with a saucepan and hair straighteners . an ex-girlfriend has avoided jail despite trying to strangle her former partner with an ipod cable . ann malsbury , 22 , of coventry , west midlands , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage . the chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship , warwick crown court was told . but when mr judson bent down to pick up something , malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . after he struggled free malsbury then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade . malsbury was arrested at the property in coventry last november and charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury . on friday she was cleared of that charge after her plea of guilty to an alternative offence of affray was accepted by the prosecution . malsbury was given a community order with 18 months of supervision and was ordered to take part in a women’s emotional wellbeing course . sentencing , judge sylvia de bertodano told a tearful malsbury : ‘ you were obviously in a state of considerable distress and made threats towards him using , among other things , a knife . no jail : malsbury ( above ) was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury - but was cleared of this after her plea of guilty to an alternative offence of affray was accepted . ‘ you fortunately did not injure him in any way , and i take that as a sign that you did not really intend to cause him any real injury . you stopped this of your own accord and called the police . ’ graeme simpson , prosecuting , told the court malsbury had been suffering from depression and was upset about the couple’s relationship coming to an end when she launched the attack . attack : malsbury ( pictured ) jabbed at her ex-partner four times - penetrating his clothing but not his skin . he said : ‘ the defendant came in after him and had a wire lead which she flung over his neck from behind and tried to strangle him , but he managed to pull it away . ‘ when he bent down to pick something up the defendant jumped on his back and put the ipod lead round his neck again , but he managed to get her off . ’ the court heard as mr judson left the room she kicked him and then rushed downstairs ahead of him and into the kitchen where she armed herself with a big carving knife . she came out of the kitchen and stood in front of him , jabbing towards his arm and saying : ‘ do you want to live ? ’ malsbury jabbed at her ex-partner four times - penetrating his clothing but not his skin - before getting a saucepan with which she tried to hit him over the head . she then picked up her hair straighteners and hit him with those before stopping and ‘ clearly very distressed’ called the police herself . mr simpson added : ‘ she had been suffering from depression and was very distressed about the relationship coming to an end . the call to the police could be considered a cry for help . ’ william douglas-jones , defending , said malsbury had initially been in custody for around three months before being granted bail . he added : ‘ this is a desperately sad case . it involves a vulnerable young woman who has spent the equivalent of almost six months in prison . she faced the loss of her partner , who was her support . but no harm was caused other than some reddening to the neck . ’