the bbc has come under fire for spending thousands of pounds of licence fee payers ' money on a guide teaching its staff the correct way to use emojis . the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as gary lineker and graham norton . the bbc spent licence fee payers ' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis before using a ' sad face ' emoticon to describe the death of the world 's oldest woman . the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the emoticon guide earlier this week , the sun reported . a source told the newspaper : ' we 're used to ridiculous bbc schemes but this is the worst yet . top brass whinge about budget cuts , then they ok this . it beggars belief . ' emojis , which were first created in japan , are small digital images used to express an emotion , such as happiness or anger , used by millions of people on social media sites like facebook and whatsapp . the corporation used them during an ' emoji budget ' article following george osborne 's statement last month . the news piece used an emoji of two pint glasses clinking together to show that beer duty had been cut by 1p . the bbc also used a ' sad face ' emoji to describe the death of the world 's oldest woman , misao okawa , 117 , from japan this week . the corporation used the images during an ' emoji budget ' article , using a picture of pint glasses ( right ) to show that chancellor george osborne had cut beer duty by a penny . some people commented on the article , posted on bbc news ' facebook page , to criticse the use of the symbol . walter lasseigne parenteau wrote : ' sad face , bbc ? you do n't think she had a good run ? ' daniel mcintyre-hoeft said : ' the sad face is a bit inappropriate , do n't you think ? ' dia chakravarty from the taxpayers ' alliance said : ' this would be a fitting april fool 's joke - if we were n't paying for it . ' a bbc spokesman said : ' we carry out research to help give our audiences what they want and it 's right that we do it . '