a mum who says she felt like a ' rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next . chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old . like most first-time mums , chloe and husband david , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital . chloe owens , 27 , from swanley ( left , with lola and right with lola and husband david ) came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant . tech-savvy mum chloe , who designed the new app , with baby lola , now three months . chloe said : ' i had absolutely no idea what to do - i was forever turning to google to find out information , and some of the things i found were n't right . ' she also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature . the mum-of-one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding . users say they like it because it contains all the information in one easily-accessible place . chloe , 27 , said : ' i wanted every single piece of advice in one app . ' it prepares women for birth and labour , goes through all of the pain relief you can have and then teaches them how to look after babies after birth . ' as well as breastfeeding the app covers important issues such as colic , and constipation , as well as post-natal depression and how to perform cpr in an emergency . it also contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast they fed their child with last . dave owens with chloe 's bump baby during her pregnancy with lola . chloe 's specially-designed app helps breastfeeding mothers remember which breast to use . mum-of-one chloe owens ( pictured with daughter lola ) came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant , because she had no idea what to expect . feeding from the correct breast is important so the baby has a constant supply of hindmilk , the creamier milk which takes longer to produce . app users can also share their own tips and secrets . one online reviewer wrote : ' this is just what i 've been looking for - whoever designed this is a hero . ' i am so tired i keep forgetting what i need to do , so this is so helpful . ' . chloe says : ' i 'd never made an app before , and never really spent much time on computers . ' but it took chloe just eight weeks to teach herself app development and she then managed to get her app accepted onto the windows , android and apple stores . the app , which went live on android on march 10 , costs £1.99 . chloe ( pictured with newborn lola , left , and at three months , right ) struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding .