a controversial us pastor has defended trying to buy a $ 65million private jet with worshippers ' donations and responded to critics by claiming ' the devil is trying to discredit ' him . reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 to replace his current damaged aircraft . the wealthy televangelist , who is known to own two rolls royces and multi-million dollar homes , came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work . scroll down for video . defends private jet appeal : reverend creflo dollar has defended trying to buy a $ 65million gulfstream g650 with worshippers ' donations by claiming ' the devil is trying to discredit ' him . the appeal : this notice was posted on the church 's website , pleading for donations so that dollar could ' continue reaching a lost and dying world for the lord jesus christ ' . it has since been taken down . dollar , who is one of the most prominent african-american preachers in the united states , launched the private jet appeal via a five-minute video on his website . shortly afterwards , he shut the website down but worshippers could still donate to the cause via the world changers donation site which remains open . in a newly posted five-minute clip on youtube , the atlanta-based pastor responded to his critics saying : ' ( the devil thinks ) i got to discredit that man before he starts showing people jesus ! ' i 'm on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me . i never one time came to you and asked you for a dime for this airplane , did i ? damaged : dollar says the church 's current plane , bought in 1999 , is broken and needs to be replaced , or he will be unable to continue working around the world . ' the ( critics ) do n't know what we do . that 's why they asked the question , what does a preacher need with an airplane ? if you knew what we did , then you would n't ask that question . ' just because the world does n't have it , does n't mean that you ca n't . ' dollar is the head of the world changers church international , a christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel , which preaches that god wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches . his original appeal for the gulfstream g650 - which claims to be the fastest plane ever built in civilian aviation - was so that ' world changers church international can continue to blanket the globe with the gospel of grace ' . a gulfstream g650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members , according to gulfstream.com . the jet comes with two rolls-royce engines , high-speed internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from new york to los angeles . ' the g650 is the biggest , fastest , most luxurious , longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far , ' according to the site . among the billionaires who own a gulfstream g650 are steve jobs ' wife lauren powell jobs , wynn resorts ceo steve wynn add nike co-founder phil knight . there is a long waiting list for the aircraft , with the next round of planes not due until 2017 . couple : dollar and his wife , taffi ( pictured together ) were married in 1985 and have five children . wealthy : dollar and his family primarily live in this multi-million dollar in fayettville , georgia , south of atlanta . according to the creflo dollar ministry 's website : ' the ministry 's current airplane , was built in 1984 , purchased by the ministry in 1999 and has since logged four million miles . ' recently on an overseas trip to a global conference , one of the engines failed . ' by the grace of god , the expert pilot , who 's flown with creflo for almost 20 years , landed the plane safely without injury or harm to any passengers . ' the christian post first reported that dollar insisted that he needs the jet to continue sharing the word of jesus . he preaches all over the world , but primarily works out of a 8,500-seat amphitheater in atlanta called the ' world dome ' , sending the sermons to churches all over the country via satellite . the website pledge continued : ' believe it or not , there are still millions of people on this planet who have never heard of jesus christ and know nothing of his greatness . ' arrested : the reverend was charged in 2012 for allegedly attacking his teenage daughter . ' our hearts desire to see precious lives changed and snatched out of darkness and thrust into his marvelous light ! ' we need your help to continue reaching a lost and dying world for the lord jesus christ , '' the appeal continued before asking supporters of the ministry to sow a $ 300 seed into the airplane fund , billed project g650 . ' according to financial juneteenth , a report of the senate finance committee , minority staff review of wcci , found that dollar 's current jet had also been used for a variety of vacation flights , including stops in las vegas , nevada , miami , florida and hawaii , citing federal aviation administration figures . dollar has refused over the years to disclose his salary , but has an estimated net worth of $ 27 million . he has five children to his wife , taffi , who he married in 1985 . in june 2012 , his 15-year-old daughter called 911 , saying her father repeatedly punched and choked her at their atlanta home . the teenager also said it was n't the first time something like that had happened and that she felt threatened living in the house . dollar was arrested and charged with family brutality and juvenile cruelty . the charges were later dropped , but he was required to complete a three-month anger management program . at his next sermon , two days following the arrest , dollar spent several minutes addressing the incident , starting with : ' i will say this emphatically : i should have never been arrested . ' dollar has strenuously denied the accusations , saying it was a family argument with ' heightened emotions ' . the goal : dollar wants a $ 65million gulfstream g650 business jet , a plane favored by billionaires that bills itself as the fastest plane built in civil aviation . influential : dollar is the head of the world changers church international , a christian ministry centered around the prosperity gospel , which preaches that god wants to bless the faithful with earthly riches . dollar 's wife taffi has been known to introduce her husband at his sermons . during her address , she claims dollar comes ' face to face with god , like moses ' . she also includes an admonition saying that ' every tongue that rises up against ' ( dollar ) ' will be struck down ' , financial juneteenth reported . the world changers church international ( wcci ) has about 30,000 constituents .