a nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into 96-year-old phyllis hadlow 's ( pictured ) mouth to silence the dementia patient 's screams . a hospital nursing assistant stuffed a wet wipe into a 96-year-old woman 's mouth to stop her screaming . deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital . she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ' my son said if they do it to you , you can do it to them . ' a court heard how roberts , 53 , mistreated mrs hadlow when the elderly widow was being treated at the hospital . roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial - but avoided a prison sentence . mrs hadlow , who has since died , needed extensive medical care and would occasionally lash out and shout , canterbury magistrates ' court was told . staff nurse janet nelson said she heard screaming coming from her bed and went to investigate , only to see roberts shove the wet wipe into the elderly woman 's mouth . roberts told her she did it to stop the patient screaming and mrs nelson told her : ' i do n't want to see this again . ' in a separate incident , mrs hadlow threw water at roberts so she retaliated by filling a plastic cup with water and pouring some on her head . healthcare assistant lisa ross said roberts told her : ' i have had enough of this . my son said if they do it to you , you can do it to them . ' roger davies , defending , said roberts had wrecked a lifelong career and was now unemployable as a nursing assistant . roberts , who worked at kent & canterbury hospital , also poured water over the elderly widow , telling other staff : ' my son said if they do it to you , you can do it to them . ' he said : ' she did n't think about the consequences of her actions . she will be reminded every week of what she has done and the price she has paid . ' roberts , from deal , kent was suspended after the incident in october 2013 and then sacked . julie pearce , chief nurse and director of quality for east kent hospitals university nhs foundation trust , said : ' we are very sorry for the care mrs hadlow received whilst in our hospital and for the distress this would have caused to herself and her family . ' as soon as we were made aware of these allegations in october 2013 we suspended mrs roberts , referred the incident to the police and subsequently dismissed her following a disciplinary hearing . ' mrs hadlow 's son , dennis , 71 , who was too upset to face sitting through the trial , said : ' we know people with advanced dementia can be difficult to handle but the staff are supposed to be trained . ' i am glad the witnesses who saw what happened had the courage to speak out . ' we were told the sentence was one step below being sent to prison , but it will also have ended her career . ' roberts was given a one-year community order , which includes 120 hours of unpaid work , and was ordered to pay £750 costs .