hillary clinton’s security detail arrived at a suburban des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with an added vehicle – a second scooby . after her signature oversize black chevy conversion van dropped her off at capitol fruit company in norwalk , iowa , a visually identical gmc van drove up to the building with a nearly identical secret service escort vehicle . both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and new york license plates . but while the original van – the one nicknamed ' scooby ' after the scooby-doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow new york tag , the second has blue and white plates of a different design . scroll down for video . why buy one when you can have two at twice the price ? the first picture of both of hillary clinton 's scooby mobiles . one is a gmc and the other is a chevrolet , but they are mechanically identical . convoy : scooby-one and scooby-two took up positions in hillary 's motorcade on a freeway near des moines . back seat driver ? hillary clinton climbs into the so-called scooby van after a campaign stop at capital city fruit in norwalk , iowa . clinton ( right ) , a democratic presidential hopeful and former secretary of state , posed for selfies with fans after meeting with members of the iowa state legislature at the state capital on wednesday . it’s common for u.s. secret service to employ ' decoy ' vehicles , identical in design , in order to inject some mystery into vips ' travel plans , if for no other reason than to confuse and discourage would-be attackers . when president barack obama returns to the white house after long trips , his arrival on the marine one helicopter can be a shell-game exercise when three identical choppers appear on the horizon . only one , of course , lands on the south lawn . a secret service spokesperson said the agency does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries . flashers : 'scooby-two ' forced an iowa motorist to leave the roadway on wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the caravan . mrs. clinton enjoys constant protection at taxpayers ' expense because she is part of a former first family , not as a result of her service in the u.s. senate or the state department . but at some point during presidential campaigns , front-runner status generally attracts secret service as a candidate’s profile is elevated and crowd sizes swell . on wednesday , the two scooby vans arrived at clinton 's appointed location separately , but left together in a seven-car motorcade . under guard : two secret service agents with scooby one in iowa today . motorcade : the clinton convoy includes both scooby vans and four black suburbans , believed to all be secret service vehicles . it also included a white minivan on wednesday . scooby-two’s driver brought up the rear , at enough of a distance to allow another car to pull in front of him . when that car stopped at a red light , the gmc van’s blue and red flashing lights came on . the stray car’s driver pulled to one side and scooby-two zoomed into the intersection , against the light . decoys : the secret service frequently deploys duplicates of aircraft and cars it uses to transport vips – including marine one , the president 's customized helicopter , which usually travels with two decoys .    