the 11-year-old autistic boy who miraculously survived four nights alone in victorian bushland has been reunited with his rescuers . doctors say they are stunned with how healthy luke shambrook appeared , considering he had gone without food or water since good friday . sitting up in his hospital bed , the young boy is seen flanked by two people from the search and rescue team who made the dramatic find on tuesday , just three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne . scroll down for video . luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland and on wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at royal children 's hospital in melbourne . luke is with his family at royal children 's hospital in melbourne and was suffering from exhaustion , dehydration and hypothermia when he was found . he is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal . paediatrician amy gray said luke was still a bit weak and tired , but asking for food . ' it 's an amazingly happy outcome after what has clearly been an incredibly stressful , traumatic experience , ' she said on wednesday . ' i do n't know that any of us know exactly what he 's been through , but ... we think he 's doing fabulously for someone who has been through what we can only imagine , and certainly in much better condition than what we 'd expect . ' the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne . a camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached luke on the fourth day of an increasingly desperate search . a police officer was first on the site , and he knelt down and offered luke reassurance he was finally safe . dr gray said he was improving with each hour and doctors did not expect him to have any ongoing physical problems from the ordeal . ' aside from the dehydration he 's tired and weak , again as you would expect , but there 's no other real major physical issues at this stage , ' she said . ' he seems very content and settled in the ward and happily interacting with the family . ' a desperate search for luke was mounted after he went missing from the candlebark campground near lake eildon on friday . other rescuers quickly followed , with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket , before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention . it ended on tuesday when a police helicopter guiding on-ground searchers to luke 's location and captured the moment on dramatic video , luke is seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer him and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe . then other rescuers join the scene , with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boy 's shoulders . luke 's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened . ' he may have been wandering around lost and clocking up the k 's , ' acting assistant police commissioner rick nugent told fairfax radio on wednesday . luke shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from the candlebark campground near lake eildon on friday . he suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother rachel ( pictured left ) . his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . luke was found just before midday aest on tuesday in bushland off skyline road , 3km from the campsite . ' i 'm not sure we 'll ever know . ' mr nugent on tuesday said luke 's survival in the cold , wet , rugged terrain was a miracle . ses spokesman brent sergeant said the more days that passed during the search for luke , the harder it became for volunteers . but finding the boy 's beanie on monday and realising he had walked away from water , rather than toward it , lifted their spirits . his doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long . the shambrook family with ( left to right ) luke , 11 , lauren , 7 , and matthew , 10 and parents rachel and tim . when his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss on tuesday . luke gave his father tim a ' big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . ' when the rescue team found him , he was in high spirits and was walked out of the bush on his own two feet , ' they said in a statement . ' the family are very happy to be reunited . ' the candlebark campground in lake eildon national park , central victoria , where luke went missing on friday . luke went missing near lake eildon is located north-east of melbourne and is located within the national park . 