a small ' hot spot ' in the u.s. southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the united states - and is the subject of a major new investigation to find out why . the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles ( 6,500 square kilometers ) , or half the size of connecticut . a recent nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they do n't know why.. . scroll down for video . the four corners area ( red ) is the major u.s. hot spot for methane emissions in this map showing how much emissions varied from average background concentrations from 2003-2009 ( dark colors are lower than average ; lighter colors are higher ) . the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles . methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere . like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming . to calculate the emissions rate that would be required to produce the observed concentration of methane in the air , the authors performed high-resolution regional simulations using a chemical transport model , which simulates how weather moves and changes airborne chemical compounds . researchers from several institutions are now in the four corners region of the u.s. southwest with a suite of airborne and ground-based instruments , aiming to uncover reasons for a mysterious methane ' hot spot ' detected from space . ' with all the ground-based and airborne resources that the different groups are bringing to the region , we have the unique chance to unequivocally solve the four corners mystery , ' said christian frankenberg , a scientist at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory , pasadena , california , who is heading nasa 's part of the effort . other investigators are from the cooperative institute for research in environmental sciences ( cires ) in boulder , colorado ; the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) ; and the university of michigan , ann arbor . last fall , researchers including frankenberg reported that a small region around the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah had the highest concentration of methane over background levels of any part of the united states . an instrument on a european space agency satellite measuring greenhouse gases showed a persistent atmospheric hot spot in the area between 2003 and 2009 . the amount of methane observed by the satellite was much higher than previously estimated . the satellite observations were not detailed enough to reveal the actual sources of the methane in the four corners . likely candidates include venting from oil and gas activities , which are primarily coalbed methane exploration and extraction in this region ; active coal mines ; and natural gas seeps . researchers from cires , noaa 's earth systems research laboratory and michigan are conducting a field campaign called topdown ( twin otter projects defining oil well and natural gas emissions ) 2015 , bringing airborne and ground-based instruments to investigate possible sources of the methane hot spot . shiprock , new mexico , is in the four corners region where an atmospheric methane `` hot spot '' can be seen from space . researchers are currently in the area , trying to uncover the reasons for the hot spot . the jpl team will join the effort on april 17 and fly two complementary remote sensing instruments on two twin otter research aircraft . the next-generation airborne visible/infrared imaging spectrometer ( avirisng ) , which observes spectra of reflected sunlight , flies at a higher altitude and will be used to map methane at fine resolution over the entire region . using this information and ground measurements from the other research teams , the hyperspectral thermal emission spectrometer ( hytes ) will fly over suspected methane sources , making additional , highly sensitive measurements of methane . depending on its flight altitude , the nasa aircraft can image methane features with a spatial resolution better than three feet ( one meter ) square . in other words , it can create a mosaic showing how methane levels vary every few feet , enabling the identification of individual sources . hotspot of total column methane anomalies centered over the four corners region from 2003 to 2009 , when a satellite-based methane-measuring instrument was operational . the april study will focus on verifying the hotspot and determining the methane sources producing the exceptionally elevated methane concentrations . with the combined resources , the investigators hope to quantify the region 's overall methane emissions and pinpoint contributions from different sources . they will track changes over the course of the month-long effort and study how meteorology transports emissions through the region . ' if we can verify the methane detected by the satellite and identify its sources , decision-makers will have critical information for any actions they are considering , ' said cires scientist gabrielle pétron , one of the mission 's investigators . part of president obama 's recent climate action plan calls for reductions in methane emissions . the research team also includes scientists from the institute of arctic and alpine research at the university of colorado , boulder ; the u.s. bureau of land management ; and the state of new mexico . is this the cause ? the four corners coal-fired power plant , near farmington , is one of the targets nasa wants to investigate as a possible cause of the methane . in each of the seven years studied from 2003-2009 , the area released about 0.59 million metric tons of methane into the atmosphere . this is almost 3.5 times the estimate for the same area in the european union 's widely used emissions database for global atmospheric research . in the study published online today in the journal geophysical research letters , researchers used observations made by the european space agency 's scanning imaging absorption spectrometer for atmospheric chartography ( sciamachy ) instrument , which measured greenhouse gases from 2002 to 2012 . the atmospheric hot spot persisted throughout the study period . a ground station in the total carbon column observing network , operated by the department of energy 's los alamos national laboratory , provided independent validation of the measurement . to calculate the emissions rate that would be required to produce the observed concentration of methane in the air , the authors performed high-resolution regional simulations using a chemical transport model , which simulates how weather moves and changes airborne chemical compounds . research scientist christian frankenberg of nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory ( jpl ) in pasadena , california , first noticed the four corners signal years ago in sciamachy data . ' we did n't focus on it because we were n't sure if it was a true signal or an instrument error , ' frankenberg said . the study 's lead author , eric kort of the university of michigan , ann arbor , noted the study period predates the widespread use of hydraulic fracturing , known as fracking , near the hot spot . this indicates the methane emissions should not be attributed to fracking but instead to leaks in natural gas production and processing equipment in new mexico 's san juan basin , which is the most active coalbed methane production area in the country . natural gas is 95-98 percent methane . methane is colorless and odorless , making leaks hard to detect without scientific instruments . ' the results are indicative that emissions from established fossil fuel harvesting techniques are greater than inventoried , ' kort said . ' there 's been so much attention on high-volume hydraulic fracturing , but we need to consider the industry as a whole . ' in just one place in the united states do four states meet . the borders of utah , colorado , new mexico , and arizona intersect at four corners , west of the confluence of the mancos and san juan rivers . coalbed methane is gas that lines pores and cracks within coal . in underground coal mines , it is a deadly hazard that causes fatal explosions almost every year as it seeps out of the rock . after the u.s. energy crisis of the 1970s , techniques were invented to extract the methane from the coal and use it for fuel . by 2012 , coalbed methane supplied about 8 percent of all natural gas in the united states . frankenberg noted that the study demonstrates the unique role space-based measurements can play in monitoring greenhouse gases . ' satellite data can not be as accurate as ground-based estimates , but from space , there are no hiding places , ' frankenberg said . in march 2014 the obama administration announced a strategy to reduce methane emissions under its climate action plan . the strategy includes improving the measurement and monitoring of methane emissions and assessing current methane emissions data . 