the sheriff who had former new england patriots player aaron hernandez in custody for more than 18 months said tuesday that he 's a master manipulator and will probably do fine in prison now that he has been sentenced to life for murder . bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen , adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the bristol county house of corrections . ' he would make every effort to get extra sandwiches , ' hodgson said . ' he would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get . ' scroll down for video . former new england patriots nfl football player aaron hernandez during his trial for murder ( file photo ) . staff members were directed to treat hernandez like any other inmate , hodgson said . hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee . he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison . a lawyer for hernandez did not immediately return messages seeking comment on the sheriff 's remarks . after the verdict was delivered , staff from bristol county brought hernandez to a state prison not far from gillette stadium , where hernandez used to play football in front of tens of thousands of cheering fans . there , he told them , ' i 'll miss you guys , but they got it wrong , ' hodgson said . ' he did n't really have much of a change in his demeanor . he pretty much still had a swagger in his step . ' hodgson said the 25-year-old hernandez has an ability to compartmentalize things and lock out the negative . ' he does n't really look at it as jail , ' hodgson said . ' it 's more like training camp . ' hernandez got into trouble from time to time in jail in bristol county . he was accused of threatening to kill a prison guard and his family , and he got into a fight with another inmate . asked how he thinks hernandez will do in prison , hodgson said he thought he 'd be ok . ' he 'll probably do fine . he 'll be able to talk his way through everything , ' hodgson said , adding that disrespect is a 'hot-button ' issue for hernandez . ' if someone 's trying to outwardly and aggressively disrespect him , that could create a problem , ' said hodgson . hodgson said he had many conversations with hernandez about his father , who died unexpectedly when hernandez was 16 , with hernandez telling him how his father commanded respect whenever he walked into a room . ' his father was a huge , huge influence in his life and really his anchor , ' hodgson said . ' if you disrespected him , it 's like you disrespected his father . '