many people might think that trust issues , long distances and cheating scandals are the biggest strains on a relationship . but they are wrong . it 's ikea . a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities . ' the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare , ' ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , told the wall street journal . scroll down for video . can your relationship handle it ? experts say that shopping at ikea can cause serious friction between couples - and assembling the store 's wares makes it even worse . ' walking through the kitchens brings up touchy subjects , like who does most of the cooking . then you get to the children’s section , which opens up another set of issues . and that’s before you 've even tried assembling anything , ' she said . ramani revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture , that she decided to include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions . and her couples are not alone ; a report by civicscience states that 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they assembled furniture together , and therapists reported to wsj that couples who are able to successfully assemble furniture together as a team actually have a healthier relationship . ' the divorcemaker ' : this liatorp home entertainment unit requires two people for assembly and involves putting together a large amount of shelving . shopping for trouble : clinical psychologist ramani durvasula brings furniture assembly into therapy sessions after so many couples described fighting while putting together ikea items . getting into particulars , ramani explained that the more complicated the assembly , the more likely your new ikea buy will leave you and your partner at odds . she revealed that a smaller unit like a nornäs coffee table wo n't put too many demands on your relationship , but it 's a different story for a large wall unit like the $ 1,199 liatorp unit , which ramani has dubbed ' the divorcemaker ' . the description of the item on ikea 's website includes a lengthy ' good to know ' section outlining the different ways you can mess up the unit 's assembly , saying that you need two people to put it together . ' handle with care ! ' it reads . ' a damaged edge or scratched surface can in exceptional cases cause the glass to crack suddenly . however , never into sharp fragments , only into small pieces . avoid collisions from the side - this is where the glass is most vulnerable . ' its relationship-ruining qualities do n't seem to be doing the the home furnishings giant any harm however , as it has 298 stores in 26 countries , and boasts a revenue of more than $ 36 billion a year . as for how to avoid having the dreaded ' ikea meltdown ' with your partner , janice simonsen , design spokesperson for ikea us , recommends to wsj that you agree on a style before walking into the store .