ipswich town manager mick mccarthy was feeling less vibrant than his team 's bright orange strip after they blew a chance to climb into the play-off places . the tractor boys , who have now lost four of their last five away games , were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by huddersfield strike pair nahki wells and james vaughan . mccarthy responded by making two changes at half-time and was rewarded when luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period . nakhi wells celebrates after giving his huddersfield side the lead at the john smith 's stadium . james vaughan ( right ) doubled the lead for the home side and dent ipswich 's play-off hopes . huddersfield ( 4-4-2 ) : smithies ; smith , goberin , hudson , lynch , james ; scannell ( wallace 89 ) , goberin coady , butterfield ; wells ( edgar 83 ) , vaughan ( lolley 90 ) . goals : wells 12 , vaughan 30 . ipswich : bialkowski ; chambers , smith , berra , fryers ; chaplow ( bishop 45 ) , skuse , tabb ( williams 67 ) ; varney , murphy , wood ( sears 45 ) . goal : varney 48 . bookings : smith , berra . but ipswich could n't force an equaliser let alone manage the victory that would have seen them leapfrog brentford into the top six . ' we were poor – nowhere near as competitive as usual , ' said mccarthy . ' i was very angry at half-time and strong words were spoken . ' i had to walk off at the end to calm down slightly rather than shake all the players ' hands . it 's been disappointing , let 's leave it at that . ' huddersfield , who had n't won in seven matches , went ahead after 12 minutes . wells capitalised on loose play from zeki fryers and curled a left-footer into the corner for his 13th goal of the season . luke varney ( centre left ) heads home early in the second half but it was n't enough for mick mccarthy 's men . after ipswich 's 23-goal top scorer daryl murphy had seen an effort cleared off the line , the home side extended their lead after half-an-hour when james vaughan rose well to head in jacob butterfield 's cross at the far post . luke varney headed a goal back after 48 minutes but huddersfield deservedly held out to leave manager chris powell declaring : ' we deserved it . ' our first-half display was arguably the best we 've played since i 've been here . ' vaughan and wells took it to them from minute one . fortunately for ipswich 's promotion hopes , three of their remaining five matches are at portman road starting with bottom-of-the-table blackpool on saturday . mccarthy added : ' i do n't feel happy-slappy at the moment but me and ( assistant ) terry connor will watch this game back at seven o'clock in the morning and we 'll start preparing for the next one . ' i do n't have any fears about the response on saturday . '  mccarthy ( right ) looks down as his side failed to keep up with the pace of their promotion rivals . freddie sears ( centre ) and tommy smith compete for the ball as ipswich chased a late equaliser .