the shooting of african-american , father-of-four walter scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media . mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina , when he ran from the cop . pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote : ' once again ... # walterscott ' and added a broken heart . singer janelle monáe said : ' this brought tears to my eyes . # walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family . can only imagine the pain his fam feels . ' rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' # walterscott ' . scroll down for video . destiny 's child member michelle williams tweeted about her grief over the shooting of father-of-four walter scott in south carolina on saturday . a number of celebrities joined a torrent of outrage from twitter users over the shooting on walter scott . rapper big boi simply published a black square with the words : # walterscott . singer janelle monae also added her condolences on twitter following the shooting of the father-of-four . musician questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts after it emerged that scott had been running from the cop with his back turned when he was shot dead . mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina and pronounced dead at the scene . musician questlove wrote : ' i believe in waiting to hear everything before casting opinion . but allow me the preemptive ... uh ... shot of `` i feared for my life '' my ass . ' he went on : ' can you imagine the amount of murders that went down before the age and development of cell phone videos ? this did n't start this year . ' the star added : ' i was numb , now i 'm angry . i rarely cuss here out of respect . but i 'm angry as f*** . good night . ' actor isaiah washington tweeted : ' okay , watching the # walterscott video was horrible , but i think the brave person who captured the murder is a hero and a godsend # truthdom . ' the former grey 's anatomy star also changed his profile picture to that of a statue which was created by artist phillip hyman on a south carolina roadside in honor of scott 's death . officer slager initially claimed that he feared for his life and scott wrestled a taser from him . however a video emerged on tuesday of slager firing at the victim eight times when he was 15-20 feet away with his back turned . actor isaiah washington tweeted : ' okay , watching the # walterscott video was horrible , but i think the brave person who captured the murder is a hero and a godsend # truthdom ' . a sculpture was placed by the roadside in charleston , south carolina as a memorial following the shooting of unarmed , black , father-of-four walter scott . comedian orlando jones , who comes from the same state , as walter scott , shared his anger on twitter . slager was charged with murder on wednesday and could face the death penalty . south carolina senator tim scott also added his thoughts on the killing , describing mr scott 's death as ' unnecessary and avoidable ' . he added : ' my heart aches for the family and our north charleston community . ' writer-director joss whedon tweeted : ' at this point , the slager murder seems like a message , a mafia thing , like it 's meant to shut people down or set them off . it has to end . ' tv anchor geraldo rivera added : ' no spin-video clearly shows white n. charleston cop shooting fleeing black man 8 times in the back ... if this guy’s acquitted i’ll join protest . ' mr scott , ( pictured left ) a former u.s. coast guard , leaves a fiancée , his parents , siblings and four children after he was shot dead by a police officer . right , michael slager has been charged with his murder . destiny 's child singer michelle williams ( left ) and rnb star janelle monae both posted on their twitter accounts about their grief over the death of mr scott . director joss whedon added his outrage to the cop shooting which was captured on camera on saturday . tv host geraldo rivera had strong words following the shooting which led to the cop being charged with murder in south carolina . south carolina senator tim scott also added his thoughts on the killing , describing mr scott 's death as ' avoidable ' .