making medical history : mother-of-13 annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , who is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks . she already has 13 children and is due to retire this year – so you’d think babies would be the last thing on her mind . but annegret raunigk is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets – at the age of 65 . the german primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment . miss raunigk , who features in a documentary on german television tonight , said she was not too worried about the birth , adding : ‘ i feel fit . i don’t think i will have any problems . ’ she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs . the identity of the babies’ father is unknown . speaking of the moment she learned she was carrying quadruplets , she said : ‘ sure , it was a shock for me . ‘ once the physician established that there are four babies inside me then i had to do some thinking . ’ miss raunigk , who teaches english and russian , said her gynaecologist mentioned the possibility of an abortion but she decided against this option . the mother , from berlin , previously made headlines in germany after giving birth to her youngest daughter leila a decade ago , aged 55 . her 13 children – the eldest of whom is daughter antje , 44 – are by five different fathers . miss raunigk’s physician , dr kai hertwig , said everything was going well . he added : ‘ so far her age has not come into play but quadruplet pregnancies are always a high risk . we are keeping a close watch on her heart circulatory system , but we have little or no experience with a woman of this age . ’ fame : the mother previously made headlines in germany in 2005 after giving birth to her youngest daughter leila a decade ago , when she was 55 ( pictured ) . miss raunigk claimed she had no moral qualms about getting pregnant later in life , saying : ‘ i think one needs to decide for oneself and not listen too much to the opinions of others . ’ the record for the oldest woman to give birth to quadruplets is held by merryl fudel from the us , who was 55 . the oldest woman ever to have a child was omkari panwar , who was believed to be 70 when she gave birth to twins in india .