jenson button was left to reflect on ' not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday 's bahrain grand prix . just three minutes into the first practice session , button 's mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the bahrain international circuit . although the car was recovered , his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of fp2 , in which three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution for the engine . jenson button makes his way back to the pits after his mclaren broke down on friday . again the car returned to the garage , and although he made it out on track later in the session , further issues arose that compromised his running . the 35-year-old ultimately finished down in 19th place , sandwiched between manor duo will stevens and roberto merhi , with the best of his 19 laps almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of nico rosberg in his mercedes . clearly frustrated button said : ' the guys worked really hard , from p1 to p2 they did a great job but we still had our problems in p2 . ' i went out on the soft tyre but had to quickly come back in , and then i went out on low fuel when everyone else was on high fuel , so it was difficult to get in any running . overall not a great day . ' there was a lot of useful data from the other car ( fernando alonso ) , but the frustrating thing is our cars were set up quite differently to get a lot of useful information about parts , and we were n't able to do that on our car . ' it does n't help either of us for saturday but hopefully we 've resolved the issues i 've had . ' team members recover button 's mclaren in the pit-lane during the first free practice . button , though , knows the teams ahead of a struggling mclaren will all turn up the gas in qualifying , which is likely to leave only the manor boys behind the briton and alonso , as was the case in china on sunday . ' i think some teams were on high fuel all day as well , so it 's not going to be an easy weekend , ' added button . ' but we 're not kidding ourselves , we know it 's going to be a tricky qualifying session and i suppose for us at the moment we 're going to qualify near the back . ' in reality it 's not such a problem . the race pace is something that is more important . '