investigators are trying to determine why a man shot his wife and two young sons before killing himself at the family 's home in a quiet oklahoma suburb this week . sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , smita haval khamitkar , and their sons arnav khamitkar , 10 and arush khamitkar , 6 , in separate rooms at their tulsa home , police said . the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days . ' right now we still do n't know the motive behind the murder-suicide , ' said sergeant shane tuell . gunned down : smita haval khamitkar , pictured with one of her sons , was shot by her husband along with their two boys - aged six and 10 - before he turned the gun on himself . their bodies were found on wednesday . on thursday , tuell said the father had recently changed jobs and that detectives would interview his current and former employers in an effort to learn if he was having personal troubles . there was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought , authorities said . a backdoor was unlocked and a handgun was found near the father 's body . ' the evidence indicates that the father shot and killed the children and the wife before turning the gun on himself , ' said homicide sergeant dave walker in a news release . ' there is evidence of multiple gunshots throughout the house . all the bodies were found in different rooms throughout the house . ' sergeant walker added that the family had lived at the home for 10 years and there had been no previous history of domestic violence or criminal activity at the home , newson6 reported . questions : tulsa police gather at the front entrance of a home as they investigate after a father shot dead his wife , their children and himself in tulsa , oklahoma on wednesday . they are still searching for a motive . tulsa police captain matt mccord said the bodies may have been in the house for ' as many as two days ' . mrs khamitkar , whose facebook page indicates she was originally from pune in india , had worked as an android app developer for american airlines . ' smita khamitkar was a member of the american airlines team in tulsa for nearly five years and we 're deeply saddened by the news of her passing , ' the company said in a statement . ' our thoughts and prayers are with smita 's family , friends and colleagues during this very difficult time . ' online profiles for mr khamitkar show he had trained and worked as a mechanical engineer for companies including oseco , a relief systems company , and wellman products group , a company that develops car parts . he had also secured multiple patents in previous years for new types of rupture discs - a device that prevents equipment or a system from being damaged by too much pressure . neighbors said they were shocked by the events and called the area safe . most every property in the neighborhood has a large fence , so children can play or swim in privacy , though some play basketball in the driveway or at a cul-de-sac . ' i love this neighborhood . it 's very quiet here , ' mercedes perez told the associated press . police investigate the scene after the bodies of four people were found following a welfare check . her husband , vinicio perez , said he would sometimes see two children playing and bouncing around in the front yard of the home where the bodies were found . ' i 'm shocked , ' he said . ' this place should be a place surrounded by security . ' stephen wiseman lived next door to the family for almost ten years . he said : they were wonderful , the most kind [ and ] gentle people you 'd ever meet . our kids played with them all day on saturday , and … we saw the kids on sunday . ' another neighbor reported hearing noises at the house late on monday .