a woman whose designer crocodile-skin handbag was seized by the uk border force has triumphed in a test case bid to get it back . the £2,000 designer tote bag , hand-made in japan , was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman , sabine smouha , from her husband jeremy , the director of an investments company . but , when it arrived in britain in 2013 , customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species and it did n't have the right documentation . high end : a £2,000 designer tote bag , hand-made from nile crocodile skinin japan by exclusive designer hikiji . the border force has repeatedly refused to return it to her , because it it did not have the required endangered species import permit . now , however , mrs smouha - who said she was ' very sad to lose her birthday present ' - has been handed victory by a tribunal judge . judge anne redston said the crocodile was farmed and mrs smouha had relied on the reputable japanese manufacturer to get the formalities right . she had acted entirely honestly and the border force 's repeated refusal to hand over the bag was irrational and disproportionate . the judge said mrs smouha 's birthday was approaching and her husband wanted to buy her a special present . she spotted the ' very pretty bag ' on the website of elite japanese handbag maker , hikiji . the black bag , complete with bronze cowhide lining and matt gold finishings , was the creation of top designer , mayumi kondo . her husband paid $ 3,400 for it and it arrived in the uk by express mail , in time for mrs smouha 's happy day . sabine smouha was handed a victory at the royal courts of justice , left , after a two-year battle . judge anne redston ordered uk border force to reconsider their ruling on a designer handbag made from nile crocodile , right , that they confiscated on the grounds that it was not imported with the right documentation . the bag was made from the skin of a nile crocodile , a protected species under the convention of international trade in endangered species ( cites ) . but it did n't have the required documentation and customs officials seized it at the international mail hub , in coventry . representing herself , mrs smouha told the first-tier tribunal at the royal courts of justice that she had been told by hikiji that import formalities would be ' taken care of ' . endangered species are protected under the convention on international trade in endangered species ( cites ) . countries all over the world have signed up to the agreement imposing special responsibilities on anyone importing any of the hundreds of plant and animal species listed in the convention . it 's designed to stop the illegal killing of these species by destroying the market . it applies to anything from that species , such as skin , fur and teeth . under british and eu law , you must apply to the department for environment , food and rural affairs for a permit before importing anything on the list . when something is imported , it must also have a permit proving it was sourced legally by the country of export . without these documents , your items can be confiscated by customs officials - but you have the right to appeal . there is also other international legislation applying to the trade of endangered species . some can impose fines of hundreds of thousands of dollars and carry jail terms . it was the first time that the japanese company had exported to the uk , but she was unaware of that . the crocodile skin , which had been farmed ' in a controlled environment ' in zambia , was legally imported into japan before being re-exported . judge redston said : ' she was very sad to lose her birthday present and had done everything she could to remedy the position ' . she had even offered to ' pay a reasonable fine ' so long as the bag was returned to her . ruling in mrs smouha 's favour , judge redston said the border force had failed to consider the individual facts of her case . the skin had not been smuggled into the uk in defiance of cites and mrs smouha had ' reasonably relied ' upon hikiji , whose duty it was to obtain an import permit . the judge added : ' mrs smouha did not ignore cites . she communicated with hikiji and understood that cites had been complied with . ' she is not in business and the bag was a birthday present . this was her first experience of cites . ' the bag cost $ 3,400 and she did everything she could to rectify the position after she realised the mistake . ' mrs smouha acted honestly and in good faith throughout ' . judge redston gave the border force six weeks to reach a fresh decision in the light of her ruling .