this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in illinois , who films it from his truck . the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . it 's an apocalyptic sight - and mr smith feels trapped , because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape . this is the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois , who filmed it from his truck . the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . harrowing : it then passes right in front of his truck - while mr smith spoke to his son on the phone . he says on the video : ' this is a tornado and i can not tell which way it is going . so i do n't know how to get away from it . but it looks like it 's coming right towards me . ' sounding remarkably calm , he continues : ' yep , it 's going to come right over me . let 's see if i can back up a little bit and get under the bridge . yeah , it 's coming right over me . ' oh c**p. i 've never been in a tornado before . totally crazy . it 's coming right over the top of me . it 's a little bit scary . ' i do n't really know what to do except i guess just sit here . maybe duck down . oh my gosh . that 's crazy . crazy , crazy . holy smokes . the truck feels like it 's about to lift up off the ground . ' the tornado blows debris across the road in front of mr smith 's truck . as the tornado sweeps past mr smith says that the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground . mr smith was travelling from minneapolis to indiana on business last thursday when the harrowing encounter took place . mr smith said afterwards that he hung up on his son so he would think they were disconnected as ' it seemed things were going to get real bad ' . fortunately the tornado passes leaving mr smith unharmed and his truck intact , but the footage clearly shows that it was a close call . mr smith was travelling from minneapolis to indiana on business last thursday when the harrowing encounter took place . he said afterwards : ' there was heavy rain and i saw cars pulling off the side of the road . i thought it was because they did not want to drive in heavy rain . then it started hailing very large golf ball-sized hail . i thought the truck would be dented so i pulled off the road under and over-pass with several other vehicles . ' as i was leaving that over-pass my son called and i answered . it was then that i saw the tornado far off in the distance . he was excited and asked me to record it . so as i approached the next over-pass i pulled under it . ' having no idea it was coming right my way . i continued to film and backed my truck further under the over-pass . as it got closer and closer i realized it was most likely going to hit me . i remained calm since i had my son on the phone . as it got closer it seemed likely things were going to get real bad and so i hung up on my son without saying goodbye so he would think we just got disconnected . the video tells a pretty good story from there . ' according to the storm prediction center in oklahoma , mr smith should not have backed his car under a bridge when he caught sight of the tornado . it says on its online tornado safety guide that if you 're in a vehicle when one comes near that you must ' avoid seeking shelter under bridges ' as it can create ' deadly traffic hazards while offering little protection against flying debris ' . it continues : ' there is no safe option when caught in a tornado in a car , just slightly less-dangerous ones . if the tornado is visible , far away , and the traffic is light , you may be able to drive out of its path by moving at right angles to the tornado . ' seek shelter in a sturdy building , or underground if possible . if you are caught by extreme winds or flying debris , park the car as quickly and safely as possible - out of the traffic lanes . stay in the car with the seat belt on . put your head down below the windows , cover your head with your hands and a blanket , coat , or other cushion if possible . if you can safely get noticeably lower than the level of the roadway , leave your car and lie in that area , covering your head with your hands . if you 're in a mobile home it strongly advises to leave immediately and to head to the basement if you live in a house that has one . if you 're in a building with lots of glass occupants should go to a windowless room on the lowest floor possible , the guide says . 