hillary clinton lost the 2008 democratic presidential nomination because barack obama was the picture of cool . this time she 's not taking any chances . the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york – the epicenter of hipster culture . brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from manhattan 's ugly little brother into the big apple borough where everyone wants to live . and the brooklyn heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all . scroll down for video . very hip : hillary 's hq will be in the cooler-than-thou enclave of brooklyn , new york . cool : open floor plans and hardwood floors are part of the hipster appeal of the clinton campaign 's new digs . it 's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line , but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 pierrepont plaza has started a countdown clock . the federal election commission 's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that 's considered campaign activity . so far among serious contenders , only texas republican sen. ted cruz has officially entered the 2016 presidential race . politico reported on the lease-signing , saying that clinton chief of staff huma abedin has been spotted walking around the neighborhood and touring the building . abedin might have dropped in on the neighbors who will share the 19-story mini-skyscraper , including the mega investtment bank morgan stanley and the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york . that 's the office currently occupied by loretta lynch , who 's awaiting senate confirmation for the job of u.s. attorney general . 1 pierrepont plaza will feature hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and morgan stanley 1-percenters – when they 're not browsing urban outfitters or eating at shake shack . scoping the neighborhood : clinton and new york city first lady chirlane mccray ( right ) checked out a brooklyn preschool on wednesday . but the vibe is decidedly bourgeoisie , with 1 pierrepont 's building management showing off the ambiance with a map showing potential renters where to find the nearest chipotle , starbucks , shake shack and urban outfitters . there are also a banana republic , a private squash club , and at least three art galleries nearby . a republican party official in iowa who asked daily mail online to withhold his identity said on friday that clinton 's choice of digs ' wo n't matter much in flyover country where most of the votes are . ' ' we 're more likely to be impressed if you 're close to a wal-mart , ' he joked . ' the tallest building in [ my town ] is three stories . ' a gop senate staffer laughed out loud at what he said would be ' hillary 's hipster hell . ' ' i guess we can expect all the clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans , right ? ' he said . ' i ca n't wait to drink pabst blue ribbon at the launch party . '