all day long . by joanna biggs . ( serpent’s tail £14.99 ) famously and memorably , the poet philip larkin asked : ' why should i let the toad work / squat on my life ? ' he longed to be ' ... courageous enough / to shout stuff your pension ! - but knew he never would . coffee morning : britain at work . the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money ( of course ) , but also about moral worth : we work because we know we should ' pull our weight ' in society 's tug-of-war . on any morning , in any town or city all over the world , people stream into their places of work , some driven by a sense of vocation , some by resigned boredom , some by greed , some by need . surely it is work , not love , which makes the world go round ? joanna biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety - not through tedious sociological analysis ( thank goodness ) , but through the stories of real people she has interviewed all over the country . reading this book reminds me how times have changed dramatically since my generation left school or college in the sixties with no worries about finding a job . we were lucky . joanna biggs makes it bleakly clear that for many people today , ' the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds ' . biggs divides her workers in interesting categories , yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function . so the ' making ' chapter gives us a potter , a shoemaker and ( yes ) a robot , which introduces us to its maintenance engineers . ' serving ' includes a sex worker , two baristas , a call centre adviser and a political special adviser . those ' repairing ' are a rabbi , an army major and a nurse , while those ' leading ' are a company director , a stay-at-home mum ( inspired , that one ) and a hereditary lord . biggs writes : ' i continuously heard that people loved their jobs , and sometimes this worried me ' . the scope of the book is broad . we meet those who are selling , entertaining , thinking , caring - as well as a curious clutch of people biggs lumps together under ' starting ' : a goldsmith 's apprentice ( one of my favourites ) , a rebellious intern , an entrepreneur specialising in 'start-up ' technologies , an unemployed graduate . there 's also a 56-year-old man on mandatory work activity , usually known as ' workfare ' - the government initiative designed for those on jobseeker 's allowance , to help them ' gain a better understanding of the discipline and focus required for work ... while at the same time making a contribution to the community ' . joanna biggs clearly does not think very much of ' workfare ' : in fact , it 's clear she despises the scheme . here , although of course anyone can see that the system is not perfect , i wish she had n't editorialised so overtly . i really wanted to hear more about what john thought of his life . a book which aims to give the reader much-needed insight into other people 's lives ( and it certainly does that ) seems to me to be spoilt by degenerating into a student newspaper leader : ' a citizen 's income set at the right level - £320 a week is the current estimate - would kill off the sort of unproductive and low-paid jobs that have proliferated since 2008 in the uk . ' at that point the author does not speculate what disastrous effects such indiscriminate largesse could have on the economy , with inevitable repercussions for the very men and women she has met . all day long by joanna biggs . in the seventies i was a huge admirer of the work of america 's studs terkel and england 's tony parker , both oral historians who aimed to give insight into the lives of those with no voice , by using recorded interviews , carefully transcribed , with no questions included and no comment or judgment . it was a magnificent technique which catapulted the reader movingly ( and sometimes shockingly ) into the hearts and minds of prisoners , drifters , miners , people on a housing estate , and so on . you felt you got to know them without the author-interviewer standing in the way - although , of course , all interviews have to be edited . joanna biggs invokes terkel : ' i 've often wondered what ( he ) would think of how we think about work now . ' well , i reckon the great man would continue to record what he heard , without surprise , and without trying to fit life stories into a pre-conceived mould . in contrast , biggs writes : ' i continuously heard that people loved their jobs , and sometimes this worried me : it felt as if work was becoming more insecure on one hand , and the work ethic increasingly revered on the other . ' at the end , she lays her cards on the table , confessing that as she listened to people 's stories , ' i most often wished for the way we work as a society to be organised more fairly and hoped for more resistance to the way it 's organised now . ' that 's the trouble with the workers , you see . they 've always been unpredictable individuals who may like or dislike their jobs but just get on with life , turning their backs on revolution . 