three more of hillary clinton 's ' everyday americans ' have been revealed to have strong links to the democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the white house . julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid . they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an asian-american college graduate looking for her first job - chosen to show aspirational citizens as clinton looks to speak to to wide demographic of voters . ' everyday americans need a champion , and i want to be that champion , ' clinton says on the video . ' so i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote . ' but far from being ' everyday americans ' , as the two minute video claims , stauch and bagniewski are directly involved with the democrat party - just like campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen . scroll down for video . sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy appear discussing their plans for 2015 on cinton 's video announcing she is running for president - the secretary of state 's ' plan ' for this year . but it has been revealed bagniewski , who has previously run as for des moines city council , was a campaigner for clinton in 2007 . bagniewski , who lost in 2013 , is also said to be in talks with martin o’malley’s people and may support him . lawyers bagniewski and reddy are shown in their home in des moines , iowa , discussing their plans for 2015 . ' we 've been doing a lot of home renovations , ' reddy tells the cameraman . but then bagniewski chimes in : ' but most importantly , we really just want to teach our dog to stop eating the trash . ' ' and so we have high hopes for 2015 , that that is going to happen , ' she laughs . however , their plans for this year may not involve actually supporting clinton 's white house bid . a source has told the dailymail.com bagniewski , who ran for des moines city council in 2013 , losing by 270 votes , is in talks with martin o’malley’s people and may support him . indeed , bagniewski revealed to the des moines register that he had been hosting an event for o'malley last thursday . o'malley , who has just completed two terms as maryland governor , is said to be considering running for president himself . the democrat , 52 , is expected to declare in may , but is keeping relatively tight-lipped about his intentions . ' my wife and i will make a decision on that when the time is right , ' o'malley told the baltimore sun earlier this year . but it seems clinton 's campaign team can breathe a sigh of relief : bagniewski went on to tell the register : 'o'malley 's great - but for me , hillary clinton is just head and shoulders above all the competition . ' julie stauch is another person who appears on the video with strong links to the democrat party . stauch , an iowa resident , is the former state senate campaign manager for democrat wendy davis . meanwhile stauch , who is filmed in her west des moines garden , is a former state senate campaign manager for democrat wendy davis , who unsuccessfully ran to be governor of texas in 2014 . davis is best-known for he 11-hour filibuster to block a bill which would have meant the closure of almost every abortion clinic in the state . stauch has worked in a pr office for planned parenthood , and a linkedin profile now shows her as the group’s top lobbyist in iowa . however , in the video she is a woman famed for the produce gleaned from her iowa garden . ' it 's spring , and we are starting to get the garden ready - and my tomatoes are legendary in my own neighborhood , ' she said . jared milrad ( pictured right ) and fiancé nate johnson have also been revealed as campaigning democrats . the couple , who are planning a summer wedding , were featured walking hand in hand during clinton 's video . the video , which has had 3,477,630 on youtube since its launch on sunday , has quickly become one of the most viewed political broadcasts of the year - a fact which will no doubt help clinton as she begins meeting people in iowa today . featuring snappy music , and showing clinton for less than half the running time , it is a dramatic departure from the campaign launch of seven years ago , which showed the secretary of state on a couch , talking about ending the iraq war , shrinking deficits and expanding affordable health care . the 2015 video has managed to strike a chord with a range of people , with democrat campaigners milrad and johnson talking about their up-coming nuptials capturing people 's imagination . milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : 'i’m getting married this summer to someone i really care about . ' milrad , who did not know they would be on the video , said he was overjoyed to be part of the clinton rollout - and part of a large-scale change in u.s. social attitudes . ' it shows how far we 've come , ' said milrad , 31-year-old lawyer and social activist , pleased that public support for same-sex marriage rights has grown so far as to appear in a presidential campaign launch . mr johnson , 30 , is a project manager for a health care consulting company . the couple will get married in july in a chicago park bordering lake michigan then have their reception at a lgbt community center , the washington blade reported . the couple told the blade that they would be making financial contributions to clinton 's campaign and would volunteer . both have previously volunteered in presidential campaigns . johnson supported clinton in 2008 while milrad worked for obama in new hampshire . milrad , who is the founder of social enterprise program the civic legal corps , worked for obama during the 2008 democrat primaries in new hampshire when the president was running against clinton . milrad , who is a lawyer and social campaigner , worked for obama in new hampshire during his 2008 white house bid . the couple pictured at the white house . they have been active campaigners in democrat campaigns and plan to donate financially to clinton 's white house bid . 