just went you thought it was warm enough to go into the water… . killer seals have been spotted off the british coast . on four separate occasions , grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed . scroll down for video . the footage ( pictured ) backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat . and that far from scavenging on dead animals , they attack healthy creatures . video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody . although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain . and with porpoises similar in size to grown men , it raises concerns that swimmers could be next . tom stringell , an ecologist for the welsh environment agency , said that while people shouldn’t panic , they should keep their distance from seals , on land and in the water . the footage , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of pembrokeshire . dafydd rees , who made the recording , said : ‘i’ve been working on this stretch of the coast but have never seen anything like it before . the footage ( pictured ) , the first in the world , was shot by a wildlife cruise company , off the coast of wales . ferocious : scientists said the seals may have developed a taste for porpoises after sampling some caught in fishing nets ( stock image shown ) and warned that people could be next . ‘ it was really surprising to see . ’ grey seals are known for being playful and friendly . found all around britain’s coastline , they can grow to 40 stone but normally feed on fish no bigger than salmon . however , they have recently been blamed for attacks on porpoises on the continent . recent dutch research concluded that hundreds of the dead porpoises bore the tell-tale marks of a seal attack . the study said that the seals seemed to have a particular penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat . the seals , which are normally prey for great white sharks , have been seen attacking and killing medium-sized blue sharks ( pictured ) . while most people will be familiar with images of seals being violently smashed out of the water snatched in the jaws of a shark , it appears some are exacting their revenge on the ocean predators . scientists have reported multiple cases of cape fur seals attacking blue sharks off the coast of south africa . the seals , which are normally prey for great white sharks , have been seen attacking and killing medium-sized blue sharks , devouring their guts before leaving the rest of the carcass . divers also report seeing the fur seals attacking other species of shark and rays . the behaviour has left marine biologists baffled as to why the seals , which normally hunt smaller fish , have turned to attacking the torpedo-shaped sharks . the blue sharks are around the same size as the seals and it is thought to be the first time a seal has been seen preying on such a large predator . it was first observed by marine photographer chris fallows , who runs a dive boat operation from cape town in south africa . and that far from scavenging on already dead animals , they were attacking healthy creatures . the utrecht university researchers said the seals may have developed a taste for porpoises after sampling some caught in fishing nets . and with many of the mutilated carcasses washing up on beaches popular with swimmers , they warned people could be next . although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain ( pembrokeshire marked ) . they said : ‘ keep on swimming and enjoying nature . however , people should be aware that the largest predator in our countries is the grey seal . ‘ these animals may reach 40 stone , are related to bears and have the teeth to go with that lineage . ‘ in the water , they are much more able than the most agile human swimmers and they have made the switch from eating fish to hunting porpoises , another mammal . ‘ to date , there have been no reports of serious attacks or wounds inflicted , but some people have been bitten by inquisitive or provoked seals . ‘ the advice would thus be to be aware that seals are not out there to cuddle and to keep some distance . ’ dr stringell , who has done his own research for natural resources wales , said that despite reports of seals eating porpoises off the coast of belgium , france and the netherlands , he was surprised to discover it happening here . he said : ‘ we observed this happening on four separate occasions off the coast of pembrokeshire . ‘ but it is unclear how long this has been going on for , and why . ’ natural resources wales said that growing seal numbers may mean there is increasing competition for food . not such a gentle giant : grey seals ( stock image pictured ) were known for being playful and friendly . found all around britain’s coastline , they can grow to 40 stone but normally feed on fish no bigger than salmon . bloodthirsty : experts have warned that seals are ' not out there to cuddle and advise to keep some distance . alternatively , the attacks may be an example of ‘ opportunistic hunting’ – with porpoises too close for hungry seals to ignore . dr stringell , a senior marine mammal ecologist , said : ‘ adult grey seals have also been known to attack , kill and eat juvenile grey seals , so this type of activity isn’t totally surprising and is likely part of the natural cycle of life . ‘ seals are unlikely to pose any direct danger to people . however , they are wild animals that possess sharp teeth and are a protected species , so they should not be approached on land or in the water , particularly during the autumn pupping season . ’ this is not the first time the seal’s cuddly image has been tarnished . in november , it emerged that antarctic fur seals had been raping king penguins . one penguin was then killed – and eaten . britain is home to up to 170,000 grey seals – almost half the world’s population . at up to 8ft 6in long and weighing 40st , they are the biggest and most common of the two types of seal found in the uk and can live for up to 35 years . their thick blubber and waterproof fur insulate them from the cold , while high levels of haemoglobin – the part of red blood cells that carries oxygen around the body – allow them to stay under water for up to 16 minutes at a time . the largest of britain’s carnivores , they have highly sensitive whiskers and acute sense of hearing to help them locate food – normally fish – with even blind seals having no trouble catching prey . once hunted for their skins , blubber and meat , seals were the first animals to be protected by modern wildlife laws . they can be shot under licence by fishermen if they are damaging nets .