this easter weekend , australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate , millions of hot cross buns , and mountains of fresh seafood and meat . according to woolworths , their customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from sydney to cairns , a staggering 54 million hot cross buns , and a whopping 2,900 tonnes of easter chocolate . all that food needs something to wash it down , so femail have asked the experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods , from seafood and lamb , to traditional easter treats . drink this with that : with 54 million hot cross buns , 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns consumed over easter , femail reveals which tipple is best suited to washing it down . with the easter weekend forecast for the balmy mid-twenties celsius , australians can still enjoy their favoured seafood lunches . sales of lobster , oysters , prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the easter holiday . peter nixon , resident drinks expert at dan murphy 's , has shared his top wine pairings , from budget options to mid-range and high-end , to drink with them . sweet and spicy : ' the spice component of cinnamon and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic muscat ' , says peter nixon , drinks expert at dan murphy 's . prawns . ' thrillingly juicy , lime-juice and lemongrass-scented dry riesling with freshly peeled local prawns . heaven ! ' says peter nixon . the grape can suit every budget , with excellent options ranging from $ 11.50 for hardys siegersdorf through to $ 31.99 for taylors st andrews . budget : hardys siegersdorf riesling ( australia ) rrp $ 11.50 . mid-range : pikes traditionale riesling ( australia ) rrp $ 20.90 . luxury : taylors st andrews riesling ( australia ) rrp $ 31.99 . pair with prawns : hardys siegersdorf riesling ( australia ) , pikes traditionale riesling ( australia ) , taylors st andrews riesling ( australia ) . oysters . ' the crisp , minerally , citrussy zest of margaret river semillon sauvignon blanc is the perfect partner for freshly-shucked oysters , ' says nixon . for those on a budget , he suggests the madfish gold turtle semillon sauvignon blanc , which retails at $ 15 , or for something a little more exuberant go for the cullen mangan vineyard sauvignon blanc semillon for $ 32 . budget : madfish gold turtle semillon sauvignon blanc ( australia ) rrp $ 15.00 . mid-range : wills domain semillon sauvignon blanc ( australia ) rrp $ 17.80 . luxury : cullen mangan vineyard sauvignon blanc semillon ( australia ) rrp $ 30.00 . pair with oysters : ( l-r ) madfish gold turtle semillon sauvignon blanc ( australia ) , wills domain semillon sauvignon blanc ( australia ) , cullen mangan vineyard sauvignon blanc semillon ( australia ) . hot cross buns . easter is n't easter without a a fresh , warm hot cross bun smeared with butter . ' the spice component of cinnamon and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic australian rutherglen liquer muscat , ' says nixon , pointing to buller fine old muscat as a wallet-friendly choice . stanton & killeen grand rutherglen muscat , at the luxury end , will set you back $ 86.99 . budget : buller fine old muscat ( australia ) rrp $ 20.99 . mid-range : campbells classic rutherglen muscat ( australia ) rrp $ 39.99 . luxury : stanton & killeen grand rutherglen muscat ( australia ) rrp $ 86.99 . pair with hot cross buns : ( l-r ) buller fine old muscat ( australia ) , campbells classic rutherglen muscat ( australia ) , stanton & killeen grand rutherglen muscat ( australia ) . chocolate . in the days before the holiday , before sunday lunch , afterwards , and ( for some ) weeks after the easter weekend , it is a veritable chocolate-fest in most households . ' chocolate and richly-fruited spirity fortitied wines are just pure decadence ' says dan murphy 's peter nixon . budget : m. chapoutier banyuls ( france ) rrp $ 24.99 . mid-range : grahams late bottled vintage port ( portugal ) rrp $ 29.99 . luxury : seppeltsfield para 21 year old tawny ( australia ) rrp $ 69.99 [ online only ] pair with chocolate : ( l-r ) m. chapoutier banyuls ( france ) , grahams late bottled vintage port ( portugal ) , seppeltsfield para 21 year old tawny ( australia ) . blue eye cod and trevalley . if you are steering clear of meat on good friday , white fish is a popular choice . nixon advises pairing it with chardonnay . ' a richer , peach and cashew-nut style chardonnay works a treat with white fleshed fish dishes ' he says . budget : cockfighter 's ghost hunter valley ( australia ) rrp $ 15.70 . mid-range : domaine astruc chardonnay ( france ) rrp $ 15.99 . luxury : tyrrell 's vat 47 chardonnay 2010 ( australia ) rrp $ 54.99 . pair with cod : ( l-r ) cockfighter 's ghost hunter valley ( australia ) , domaine astruc chardonnay ( france ) , tyrrell 's vat 47 chardonnay 2010 ( australia ) . no meat on good friday : seafood sales increase by 80 per cent over the easter weekend . salmon . ' as is the case most years , salmon will be the number one selling seafood product over easter , ' says adam mourad of woolworths . ' an intense , crunchy marlborough sauvignon blanc is the perfect palate cleanser for richly flavoured salmon ' adds peter nixon . budget : mato bay marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) rrp $ 10.90 . mid-range : peter yealands marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) rrp $ 12.50 . luxury : giesen the brothers marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) rrp $ 22.99 . pair with salmon : ( l-r ) : mato bay marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) , peter yealands marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) , giesen the brothers marlborough sauvignon blanc ( nz ) . lobster . for those splurging on luxurious lobster at their easter lunch , the drinks will need to stand up to the decadent meaty seafood . ' the most luxurious of seafood dishes cries out for a world-class , bottle-fermented sparkling ' says nixon . he recommends the 2004 taittinger comtes de champagne blanc de blancs , which costs an eye-watering $ 299 . for those looking for a budget option , france 's sieur d'arques grande cuvée 1531 de aimery is a steal at $ 15.70 . budget : sieur d'arques grande cuvée 1531 de aimery ( france ) rrp $ 15.70 . mid-range : a by arras premium cuvée ( australia ) rrp $ 21.00 . luxury : taittinger comtes de champagne blanc de blancs 2004 ( france ) rrp $ 299.00 . pair with lobster : ( l-r ) sieur d'arques grande cuvée 1531 de aimery ( france ) , a by arras premium cuvée ( australia ) , taittinger comtes de champagne blanc de blancs 2004 ( france ) . lamb . 'full-flavoured lamb is the perfect match for the delicious spicy , gamey grenache based wines of the world , ' nixon advises . budget : borsao selección grenache blend ( spain ) rrp $ 11.99 . mid-range : cirillo the vincent grenache ( australia ) rrp $ 21.99 . luxury : s.c. pannell the vale shiraz grenache ( australia ) rrp $ 38.99 . bbq : lamb goes perfectly with a spicy , games grenache , says nixon . pair with lamb : ( l-r ) borsao selección grenache blend ( spain ) , cirillo the vincent grenache ( australia ) , s.c. pannell the vale shiraz grenache ( australia ) . 