for a luxurious beach holiday with a decidedly aerial element , look no further than the st. regis abu dhabi . located in the centre of the city , the signature suite , which rents for a staggering aed 100,000 ( £18,188 ) per night , hovers an impressive 200m ( 656ft ) above the ground . the hotel 's showpiece , the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and , as you might expect , offers breathtaking views of the arabian gulf . at the st. regis abu dhabi , which is the second st. regis hotel in the uae capital , the signature suite is a sight to be seen . and inside , it 's old world glamour aesthetic is equally as spectacular . the sprawling suite features three bedrooms , a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . but it 's the in-room spa that 's truly a sight to be seen , offering a private steam room , sauna , jacuzzi , two treatment beds and an exercise room . and when guests decide to venture outside of their 24-carat gold leaf finished suite , there will be a bentley chauffered car service at their disposal . a private helipad also services the luxurious hotel room . suspended 200m in the air , the abu dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world , overlooking the arabian gulf . in the three-bedroom suite , there are also in-room spa facilities , including two treatment beds , a sauna and a jacuzzi . and the hotel 's showpiece does n't come cheap ! to rent the massive 1,120 sq metre room , it will set you back £18,188 a night . of the three bedrooms , one has a circular king size bed , complete with a leather bed frame and head board . throughout the suite , 24-carat gold leaf finishes are evident , including along the dark wood bathroom fixtures . heavy on the old world glamour aesthetic , the sprawling suite also includes a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . the suite 's vip guests will also receive exclusive access to the nation riviera beach club , which sits along 200 metres of private beachfront . there 's also a pool , spa , gym and children 's facilities on site , as well as several fitness classes , such as pilates and sunset yoga . the remede spa , which recently won the 2015 world spa & wellness award for hotel spa of the year - middle east , is another must-experience hotel amenity , offering 25 different bespoke facials , massages and body treatments . while guests admittedly never have to venture outside , if they do , a bentley chauffeured car service will be at their disposal . there are also extensive conference facilities available for the hotel 's vip guests to use . the opulent suite is decorated in elegant shades of ivory , cream and gold , with many leather and marble accents found throughout . though the suite includes a full-service dining room , there are also two acclaimed on-site restaurants for guests to enjoy . the suite 's occupants will also receive exclusive access to the nation riviera beach club , which sits along 200m of private beachfront . downstairs , the hotel 's most elite guests are offered the signature afternoon tea , an extravagant spread of pastries and sandwiches . downstairs at the hotel , all guests can indulge in the st regis ' signature afternoon tea , which includes an extravagant spread of scones , pastries and sandwiches and is held in the crystal lounge . at dinner , michelin star chef gary rhodes ensures the cuisine does not disappoint at his rhodes 44 restaurant , while villa toscana serves up italian cuisine . the hotel is also next to the famous chinese-latin fusion restaurant asia de cuba which is located on the seafront with stunning views . setting new standards in luxury , a visit to the st. regis abu dhabi is not to be missed .