unleashing your inner shakespeare could be just a few jolts of electricity away . researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations . researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . as well as creativity , these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression . flavio frohlich , an assistant professor of psychiatry at the university of north carolina said : ' if we could enhance these brain activity patterns , then we could potentially help many people . ' alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 hertz 9 ( or cycles per second ) . they were discovered in 1929 by hans berger , who invented eeg . alpha oscillations happen most prominently when we close our eyes and shut out sensory stimuli – things we see , feel , taste , smell , and hear . when alpha oscillations are active , your sensory inputs might be offline as you daydream , meditate , or conjure ideas . when you come fully online , alpha oscillations disappear . other oscillations at higher frequencies , such as gamma oscillations , take over . an eeg of a naturally occurring alpha oscillation in a human brain . enhancing these electric oscillations may help treat people with depression , scientists claim . they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations . they then recorded the results using eeg . knowing this , other researchers began associating alpha oscillations with creativity . professor frohlich set out to find evidence . his idea was simple . if he could enhance the rhythmic patterns of alpha oscillations to improve creativity . for the study , professor frohlich 's team enrolled 20 healthy adults . researchers placed electrodes on each side of each participant 's frontal scalp and a third electrode toward the back of the scalp . an experimental technique used to boost brain performance with electrical pulses can actually cause people to perform less well in some tasks , scientists have found . the technology , known as transcranial direct current stimulation , is already being marketed in commercial products as a way of helping computer game players and athletes improve their focus . however , new research from the university of oxford suggests that the benefits of this technique , which stimulates activity in the brain with an electrical current , may be limited by personality as it appears to only be helpful to people who are stressed about performing a task . they found that while electrical stimulation helped those who lacked confidence or were anxious about performing a series of sums , it caused those who did not fear mathematics to decline . a follow up study that examined how volunteers fared at spotting which way an arrow was pointing on a screen when confronted with distracting information showed that all those who received stimulation performed more poorly . this way , the 10-hertz alpha oscillation stimulation for each side of the cortex would be in unison . each participant underwent two sessions . during one session , researchers used a 10-hertz sham stimulation for just five minutes . participants felt a tingle at the start of the five minutes . for the next 25 minutes , each participant continued to take the torrance test of creative thinking . in one task , each participant was shown a small fraction of an illustration – sometimes just a bent line on a piece of paper . participants used the line to complete an illustration , and they wrote a title when they finished . in the other session each participant underwent the same protocol , except they were stimulated at 10 hertz for the entire 30 minutes while doing the torrance test . the tingling sensation only occurred at the start of the stimulation , ensuring that each participant did not know which session was the control session . then frohlich 's team compared each participant 's creativity score , they found participants scored an average 7.4 percentage points higher than they did during the control sessions . ' that 's a pretty big difference when it comes to creativity , ' frohlich said . ' several participants showed incredible improvements in creativity . it was a very clear effect . ' ' we do n't know if there are long-term safety concerns , ' he said . ' we did a well-controlled , one-time study and found an acute effect . ' ' also , i have strong ethical concerns about cognitive enhancement for healthy adults , just as sports fans might have concerns about athletic enhancement through the use of performance-enhancing drugs . '