tottenham head coach mauricio pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend . this season , like so many in recent years , has been a frustrating one at st james ' park and that has led some fans to take action when spurs arrive on sunday . a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner mike ashley , which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east . tottenham boss mauricio pochettino ( right ) is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to newcastle . newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at st james ' park . it will certainly make it an interesting test for pochettino 's side as they look to recover from some disappointing recent results of their own . ' you never know because sometimes the effect on the players and team maybe is positive , ' the spurs boss said . ' maybe sometimes the players are scared and run more than all season . ' or maybe it is a very negative atmosphere and they feel under pressure and do n't show their face . ' you never know in football how it can affect all the decisions around the team . for that it is difficult to guess what will happen on sunday . ' on paper , this looks a good opportunity for spurs to make amends for the goalless draw at burnley and home defeat to aston villa . christian benteke scored the winner for aston villa to leave spurs ' season in danger of fizzling out . the fact pochettino 's predecessor tim sherwood oversaw the latter 's victory made it all the more frustrating , yet the spurs boss was in a surprisingly upbeat mood ahead of the trip to st james ' park . ' i think that football is football and i am a person who has spent all my life in football as player , manager and head coach , ' he said . ' i accept in football there are good and bad moments , but one thing important is to keep your balance and a good mood . ' we always want to win and we are ambitious , but always we need to have a very good mood . ' we need to have patience , we need to work hard , we have to have our minds on the players and we need to have very good energy to repeat some of the performances this season . ' pochettino will come up against his countryman jonas guiterrez following his recovery from cancer . this weekend 's match against newcastle will also see pochettino come up against a countryman who has made many a headline of late . former argentina international jonas gutierrez 's recovery following a battle with cancer and his return to top-flight football has inspired many . ' i am very happy for him , ' pochettino said . ' when he went in the game against liverpool , he got a good ovation and it was good to see him playing football . ' this is real life . sometimes we worry about a lot of things and results , but this is real life when you have the problems that he has . ' for me , i am very happy to see him come back to football . ' 