so it seems you are either with me or firmly against me : there doesn’t appear to be a middle ground after my comments about tim krul . it is a week since i criticised newcastle united’s goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby after the sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley . i’m still struggling to work out why krul did what he did . i have nothing against krul , personally or professionally . he’s been one of the few players who have performed consistently for newcastle in recent seasons , which led to him being part of holland’s world cup squad last summer . newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time . krul smiles at defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports . but coming together with an opponent and smiling after he’s scored against you in a match of such importance ? no , i’m sorry . i can’t understand why any player would feel the need to do that . at the end of the game ? that’s not an issue — there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship . think about the iconic image of pele and bobby moore swapping shirts after brazil had beaten england 1-0 at the 1970 world cup or how two boxers will embrace after they have gone the distance — that is fantastic to see . when liverpool beat chelsea in the 2005 champions league semi-final at anfield , the first thing i did at the final whistle was go over to see john terry to offer my respects for how well he’d played over the two legs . would i have told him that at half-time with the game in the balance ? no chance ! we were talking about this subject at sky on monday morning . i bumped into former england rugby centre will greenwood and he told me a story about the end of the rugby world cup final in 2003 , when australia’s elton flatley scored a penalty with the last kick to take the game into extra-time . pele ( left ) and bobby moore hug and swap shirts after the 1970 world cup match between brazil and england . elton flatley ( left ) levels the 2003 rugby world cup final with the last kick of normal time . luis garcia celebrates his winner for liverpool against chelsea in the 2005 champions league semi-finals . will said he went up to flatley after that successful conversion and said to him : ‘ well done — you’ve got balls as big as houses for that . ’ that is great sportsmanship but i’m not sure i could have done the same if i’d seen the world cup ripped out of my hands . andrew flintoff , who famously went to console brett lee at the end of an ashes test in 2005 , joined in the debate on twitter . he clearly felt i had been harsh on krul and he told me cricketers applaud the opposition batsman when he passes 50 or 100 , quite often with a handshake . that’s all well and good . but will a batsman walk up to a bowler and pat him on the back after having his stumps uprooted ? we have never seen that happen nor are we likely to . you don’t congratulate the opposition at a time when your team have been put on the back foot . i carried that approach during my career . there were more talented players than me but i had desire , focus and would never lose my intensity . i never , for instance , ever considered shaking hands or hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a match . the attitude stemmed from my childhood . growing up as an evertonian , i would work myself into a frenzy in the week before a derby match . i despised liverpool then and i wanted the players who i supported to feel exactly the same way . andrew flintoff ( right ) consoles brett lee after england beat australia in the second ashes test in 2005 . defoe ( centre ) shoots and scores the opening goal on sunday at the stadium of light . defoe celebrates his strike which helped the black cats to victory in the wear-tyne derby . if , then , i’d seen neville southall put an arm around ian rush’s shoulder after he’d scored a goal , i’d have been devastated . i took that approach when i ended up playing against everton . put it this way — i couldn’t have shared a joke with tim cahill if he’d scored 30 seconds before half-time like defoe . i appreciate some people reading this will feel it was extreme but that’s how i operated . gary neville has told me regularly that if i ever want to go into coaching or management , i will have to lower my tolerance levels since modern players are different and it isn’t worth falling out with them over certain things . i’m not saying my way is right or wrong but to be at my best i needed to be tense and wound up . if i thought to myself i needed to say ‘ well done’ to someone i was in direct competition with , i wouldn’t have been thinking about winning the game in which i was involved . that wasn’t me . gerard houllier was a manager who held similar views . he once saw one of our foreign players hugging an opponent in the tunnel before a game at anfield and went berserk afterwards . ‘ i never want to see that again from any of you — you are going to war with them , ’ he said . ‘ save the hugging for in the bar afterwards . ’ carragher ( left ) argues with gary neville during a 2010 league match between liverpool and united . liverpool manager gerard houllier holds the fa cup aloft after winning the trophy in cardiff in 2001 . houllier even told us before the fa cup final in 2001 that he didn’t want us looking into the stand to see our families ; given that i grew up watching players make the long walk at wembley while waving to the crowd , that was quite a statement . but do you know something ? i loved that . there is a time and a place for showing mutual respect and it is after the final whistle has gone and you are in the bar afterwards . before that , you have business to take care of and that should be the priority — that’s why i felt so strongly about krul . others , of course , will take a different view and say i have been too harsh . i respect that . it doesn’t mean to say , though , that i can understand it . underdogs city need show of strength . it is almost four years to the day since manchester city struck a huge psychological blow in the battle to be top dogs in town . on april 16 , 2011 , yaya toure’s goal knocked manchester united out of the fa cup and set his club on a path of sustained success . it says everything for what was achieved back then at wembley that city won six of the eight derbies that followed . even when united won the title in 2013 , there was a feeling that it was down to unrest behind the scenes with roberto mancini rather than the brilliance of sir alex ferguson’s squad . player for player , city’s quality was superior to their old rivals . manchester city 's yaya toure celebrates after scoring against united in the 2011 fa cup semi-finals . vincent kompany ( centre ) lifts the trophy after manchester city won the premier league in 2012 . there is a similar feel about sunday’s meeting at old trafford but this time city are vulnerable . united , having won their last five barclays premier league fixtures , are firm favourites and will feel confident of finally ending their neighbours’ title aspirations . if louis van gaal’s side win , the ramifications for city could be serious . there is no doubt united will spend big again in the summer and , with the full implications of financial fair play kicking in , they might be able to recruit the players that city need . united will certainly fancy their chances but they should not take anything for granted . when the teams come out , city will still have the best striker on show in sergio aguero , the best midfielder in toure , the most creative talent in david silva and the finest defender in vincent kompany . sergio aguero ( centre ) in action for manchester city against crystal palace on monday night . wayne rooney ( right ) on the ball as manchester united manager louis van gaal takes training on friday . that quartet have not been at their best this season but , during the last four years , they have provided the best spine in the premier league . they aren’t the problem at city — it’s the players around them who need to be improved . if city want to send a message to united — and for next season — aguero , silva , kompany and toure will have to show what we know they are capable of . van gaal is starting to put his stamp on united — they have improved since the switch to 4-3-3 — and has big ambitions . city have relished having united in their shade . to keep them there , they need a show of strength .