bruce jenner has confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian , who became his third wife . the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine , shortly after winning the olympic gold . however , he says , he stopped out of ' fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer . scroll down for video . early signs ? bruce jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine . he 's shown here in september 1987 . before the changes : bruce , seen here on set , still had his athletic physique and heavy set masculine features when he appeared in the 1980 film ca n't stop the music . these were noticeably gone by the end of the decade . bruce said he was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in denmark but had a change of heart after meeting kris , the ex-wife of famed la attorney robert kardashian . on friday night , he publicly addressed about his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour abc special tonight with diane sawyer . as the romance between bruce and kris blossomed in late 1990 and early 1991 , the former star athlete halted hormone therapy and underwent breast reduction surgery . the couple married months after meeting on april 21 , 1991 , and went on to have two children together - kendall , now 19 , and kylie , 17 , - before divorcing in december last year . change of heart : bruce halted his gender transition after meeting kris kardashian in late 1990 . he stopped hormone injections and even underwent breast reduction surgery before the couple married . he 's seen here with kris in february 1993 . family man : bruce and kris tied the knot in april 1991 just months after meeting . seen here in 2000 with their daughters kendall and kylie , the couple were married for 22 years . bruce found fame again with a whole new generation thanks to the reality series about their blended family keeping up with the kardashians . a source quoted by entertainment tonight says that bruce was greatly influenced by the life story of transgender tennis player renee richards . richards , born a boy richard raskind in 1934 , underwent gender reassignment surgery in 1975 . in 1976 , she launched a legal challenge after the us tennis association denied her permission to compete as a woman in the u.s. open because she had not been born a woman and in 1977 the new york supreme court ruled in her favor in a landmark decision for transsexual rights . it 's believed that her autobiography second serve , published in 1983 , had a significant influence on bruce . in 1986 , the book was made into a tv movie starring vanessa redgrave who received a golden globe nomination for her performance . inspiration : transgender tennis player renee richards won the right to complete as a woman in the 1977 u.s. open after winning a landmark legal battle . richards was born a boy in 1934 . textbook transition : it 's suggested that bruce was greatly influenced by richards ' life story as outlined in her 1983 autobiography second serve . the kardashian-jenner patriarch and reality tv star addressed his gender journey during the two-hour prime time special airing tonight on abc . he says : ' i wan na know how this story ends , you know ? how does my story end ? ' in a message of support , tv 's dr. phil told et on thursday that he 's happy for the olympian . ' this is his body and his life , and he needs to do what he wants to do , ' said dr. phil . ' it drains your spirit if you ca n't be yourself . he is freeing himself . ' the interview was conducted before jenner was involved in an auto accident in which another motorist was killed . nervous : bruce jenner is seen greeting diane sawyer at his home in the latest promo video released thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview in which he is expected to address his gender transition . resolute : the former decathlete tells the journalist that it is ' going to be an emotional rollercoaster but somehow i 'm gon na get through it ' . looking to the future : the clip released thursday concluded with bruce asking , ' how does my story end ? ' tight lid : abc has only released snippets with non-specific quotes from bruce , paving the way for his story to air in full tonight . moral support : the 65-year-old father-of-six appears alongside his four oldest children burt , 36 , casey , 34 , brandon , 33 , and brody , 31 ; the latest clip reused this previously aired footage from another promo . not appearing in the interview : kim , 34 , khloe , 30 , and kourtney kardashian , 36 , as well as kendall , 19 , and kylie jenner , 17 , are not scheduled to talk during the interview .  