it looks like a clumsy bottle top , or maybe the missing part of a child’s toy . but according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device , it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals , needles or a hefty bill . the ‘fullips’ device , a sort of suction-thimble , has already been seen at west end parties , and is going viral online . at a recent party in london’s bulgari hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but to suction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage . apparently , the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell . scroll down for video . lipsmacking : charlotte puckers up with the fullips device , a sort of suction-thimble , that has gone viral online . i’ve never been one to resist a celebrity fad , so i sceptically ordered a set – arizona-based inventors linda gomez and her daughter krystle sell them for £30 . a day later the enhancers arrived in a selection of three sizes , each one claiming to give a different shaped pout to a different sized mouth . a long list of instructions comes with a link to a youtube instruction video which has had more than a million hits . for seven minutes krystle talks to camera about how her 50-year-old mother’s advancing age means she needs lubrication in the form of moisturiser to establishing ‘ tighter suction’ around her mouth and other methods . having watched carefully , i gave it a go and was shocked to find that the device does work ... sort of . the results were not as dramatic as i had hoped , nor quite as long lasting . the reality is that my lips went rather blue and then got a bit puffy and then went back to normal after a few minutes . what lasted longer was the big red mark around my mouth . indeed , the instructions warn that bruising is a danger . by the time i sat in front of the camera lens my lips had deflated , along with my enthusiasm and i was forced to resort to the tried-and-tested technique that has never failed me on a red carpet yet… the good old fashioned ‘mwah-mwah’ trout pout ! final result : the team behind fullips claim it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout , but charlotte found the results were not quite as dramatic as she had hoped . 