downton 's exit . we were told by mooresey [ coach peter moores ] that paul had been let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts . i think mooresey had only just found out himself . you see it when football clubs get taken over ; you tend to see different people brought in for key positions . paul was a lovely guy and i feel sorry he’s lost his job but when you get new people in , changes always happen . there have been a few names bandied around and i think straussy [ andrew strauss ] was considered last time the role came up a year ago , but he didn’t particularly fancy it . he’s certainly a very good man , but it’s hard to know who would be a good candidate until we know more about what the job role is . but strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would all bring their own experience and knowledge to the role . stuart broad admits he was sorry to see paul downton leave his role in the ecb . downton ( centre ) was sacked as ecb managing director after a dismal world cup this year . alastair cook . he seems in a really happy place and excited to be back around the group . he’d be the last person to make too much of a fuss about a hundred in a warm-up game but i’d back him to score big runs in this series — he looks refreshed and ready to go . player power . it’s incredibly important that all the players feel they can contribute and speak up when they need to . that can be quite a scary thing but you only get better as a group when you do that . i did an adidas event with harlequins winger ugo monye and he was saying how player-led they were at the club . during the world cup we didn’t talk enough as players and the guys weren’t speaking up as much as they needed to . we needed more edge and hopefully bringing guys like cooky and trotty [ jonathan trott ] back into the group will help that . broad has backed alastair cook to score big runs during the series in the caribbean . captain cook scored a century during a warm-up game against st kitts & nevis . richie benaud . i used to watch videos of my dad playing in the 1986-87 ashes series and i’ll always remember richie’s commentary on that . he had this way of sounding as if he was reciting commentary when he was commentating and making it relaxing and peaceful to listen to . i don’t think there’ll be anyone in the cricket world who won’t be touched by his passing . his voice symbolised cricket and we’ll all miss him . jimmy anderson . he’s one of my best mates and we’ve played a lot of cricket together . he’s taught me a huge amount and guided me through my international career . i think we’re third behind waqar [ younis ] and wasim [ akram ] and curtly [ ambrose ] and courtney [ walsh ] as a pairing and that comes from us complementing each other’s styles and constant communication . it would a phenomenal achievement for him to become england’s leading wicket taker . broad says that he and jimmy anderson are best mates and admits he has guided him through his career . broad says it will be a great achievement for jimmy anderson to become england 's leading wicket taker . fitness . twisting my ankle in the warm-up game was a bit of a scare , but it feels fine now . there was a burning feeling for a minute or so after it happened and i was pretty worried . it’s still bit stiff in the morning but fingers crossed it will be ok . antigua track . they’re generally pretty flat out here now and i think fans can expect some fairly attritional cricket for the first few days before things speed up a bit . we’ve been practising our slip catching low down by our ankles because we’re not expecting a lot of carry . i think the team that wins the series will be the one that shows most patience and gets the best out of reverse swing . broad twisted his ankle during the warm-up match but insists he feels fine now . 