cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea after breaking his nose last weekend - and sportsmail can exclusively reveal what the spanish midfielder 's shield will look like . fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city on saturday , taking a hit to the face from charlie adam 's forearm minutes before the scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at stamford bridge . the spaniard has since travelled to milan to see a specialist , who produced masks for fernando torres , petr cech and demba ba previously , in the hope of returning to action as soon as possible . cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea after breaking his nose , and this is it . the mask , branded with fabregas 's initial and squad number 'c4 ' , was made by the ortholabsport . fabregas wrote this note to the orthopedic centre and its craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni . the spaniard travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted . the mask , branded with fabregas 's initial and squad number 'c4 ' , was made by the ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in milan , and their craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni . the centre became famous for its work with former chelsea players torres and ba , but also work with manchester city , fulham and european clubs including inter milan and shakhtar donetsk as well as the italian national team . fabregas travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted . fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city at the weekend , taking a hit to the face . the 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at stamford bridge last saturday despite the knock . chelsea captain john terry was forced to wear a protective face mask after fracturing a cheekbone in 2007 . fernando torres ( right ) , pictured in action against basel in 2013 , also wore a mask during his time at chelsea . the 27-year-old , who played on for the entire 90 minutes at stamford bridge last saturday , could be ready to play against queens park rangers on sunday if manager jose mourinho selects his star midfielder . john obi mikel should be ready to return for the blues at loftus road after resuming training with the first-team squad last week but being too tired to play any part in the win over stoke . but fabregas 's countryman diego costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action , with the striker earmarking the trip to face arsenal on april 26 for his return from a hamstring problem . fabregas ' countryman diego costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action with hamstring trouble .