kate winslet faces a planning battle with natural england over plans to build sea defences . kate winslet is to face a battle with natural england over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion . the multi bafta-winning actress , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her property . but natural england has recommended the planning application be refused - citing concerns it may result in the ' direct loss ' of natural habitat designated for rare and vulnerable birds , trees and wetlands . the academy award-winning actress bought the eight bedroom house in west sussex in 2013 . she lives there with her husband , richard branson 's nephew ned rocknroll , and her three children . but the environmental body has recommended her local district council reject the application because of concerns over the impact it will have on the natural habitat . it is also unclear what effect the sea wall would have on a public footpath that runs along the bottom of the estate by the seashore . the shoreline is currently unprotected . the actress ' grade ii-listed home backs onto a site that is a designated special protection area to safeguard wildlife living along the coast . wildlife include waders , geese , ducks , herons , terns and cormorants . it is also in a ' ramsar site ' , according to natural england - which are protected under government policy as ' proposed or listed wetlands of international importance . ' the application is one of a number of requests previously submitted to the council for extensive renovation work at the house including the building of an underground swimming pool , garage and pool house . the planning document states : ' the proposed privately funded sea defences will ensure that the existing vegetation and public footpath will be protected into the future . ' furthermore it should be considered that the footpath is liable to become dangerous in areas without protection from further erosion of the existing banks . ' a spokesman for natural england said : ' our objection centres on the fact that the application site falls within land which is protected as a special area of conservation , special protection area , ramsar and site of special scientific interest . ' the proposal would result in direct loss of protected habitat and would be likely to have a significant , adverse effect on these designated sites . winslet wants to build a sea wall along the west sussex coast to protect her £3.25million beach house . plans submitted to her local district council show the proposed sea wall to protect winslet 's property . ' the application did not include any information to address the likely impacts and no mitigation was proposed . ' we will continue to liaise with the applicant about alternatives which would avoid loss of designated habitat . ' a local conservation body has also submitted comments on the application and said it is concerned about the impact of a sea wall on the appearance of the area of outstanding natural beauty ( aonb ) . concerns have also been raised about potential erosion of a coastal path that could be caused by the defence . in a letter it said : ' we remain unconvinced of the need for this sea defence , and that its impacts on the landscape and nature conservation interests of the aonb would be acceptable . ' the conservancy has also recommended the application be refused . this is not the first time the actress has come across problems with planning applications . winslet previously owned a £2 million home in treyford , near chichester . but she sold the 15th century property in 2014 following another planning spat with locals after she proposed to install gates at the entrance . the council has set aside more time for the planning application to be explored further . no date has been set for a decision . 