sofia vergara 's ex-fiancé has hit out at the modern family star , claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together . ' i have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth , ' businessman nick loeb , said in a statement . ' i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction , because i have always dreamed of being a father . ' scroll down for video ... drama : sofia vergara 's ex nick loeb ( pictured here together in may last year ) says he 's always ' dreamed ' of being a father ... as he defends lawsuit to keep frozen embryos . the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos . on monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - either with the involvement of his 42-year-old ex or without her . ' i have previously offered to waive any parental or financial responsibilities or obligations on the part of my ex , and to even give her the opportunity to be involved with the child in the future , should she change her mind , ' his statement , released through his lawyer mark j. heller , said . ' i take the responsibility and obligation of being a parent very seriously . ' in a full statement to usweekly loeb added : ' where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he should have that corresponding right . ' loeb is a a scion of the loeb and lehman families and his father ran the prestigious wall street investment firm loeb , rhoades & co. before becoming us ambassador to denmark and a delegate to the united nations . loeb and vergara created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 and they remain frozen at a beverly hills clinic . in a full statement released to usweekly nick said : ' i have always strongly believed that life begins at fertilization and that every embryo is a life on the journey towards birth . i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction , because i have always dreamed of being a father . i have previously offered to waive any parental or financial responsibilities or obligations on the part of my ex , and to even give her the opportunity to be involved with the child in the future , should she change her mind . i take the responsibility and obligation of being a parent very seriously . creating an embryo in the natural way can lead to parenthood obligations , even where a man doesn’t want to become a father . where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he should have that corresponding right . however life comes to be created , it should have no determination on either the rights of wanting to be or the requirements of having to be a parent . ' vergara , tv 's highest paid actress and one of hollywood 's hottest stars , denies that she wants to destroy the embryos - but says she has no desire to have children with her ex-fiancé , either . last week , the colombian beauty said through her attorney that her plan is to keep the embryos frozen indefinitely . she has a 22-year-old son manolo with ex-husband joe gonzalez . vergara broke up with loeb last may after nearly two years of engagement . last christmas , she became engaged to true blood star joe manganiello . battle : nick loeb is currently embroiled in a bitter legal battle with the modern family star over claims she wants the frozen embryos , which the pair created in 2013 , destroyed .  