motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the spfl over the issue of free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . and the fir park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from championship promotion challengers rangers and hibernian . under existing rules , the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs . but a bid by the league board to force play-off finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of â£15 for the play-off ties was withdrawn at a meeting last thursday . motherwell will go to battle with the spfl over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th . expressing unease among the play-off finalists that the spfl might be using the ties to milk supporters , motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish in the premiership play-off place . ' all our focus at motherwell in the next four games is fully on avoiding the play-offs altogether , ' said burrows . ' we fully accept and appreciate that there are rules on this in place . ' but , in the eventuality that we are in 11th place come the play-offs , then it is not our intention to charge our season-ticket holders for the play-off final at fir park . ' we believe we have sold them tickets which entitle them to the full story of the season . ' rangers sources said last night that the club have yet to reach a final decision on whether to seek an spfl exemption which would allow them to let their 25,000 season ticket holders into play-off games for free . the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds but motherwell want to offer free tickets . hibs gained a one-off dispensation to give their most loyal fans free admission to last season 's home play-off clash with hamilton . sportsmail understands , however , that spfl lawyers have already warned clubs that attempts to do the same this season will be strongly resisted as it would constitute a breach of league rules . last week , a resolution by hibs and motherwell to have the 50-per-cent levy on play-off gates cut in half was defeated . hibs argue their main concern is that fans are being fleeced to atone for the absence of a league sponsor . accused of a cash grab to keep more of the play-off cash , hibs argue their main concern is that fans are being fleeced to atone for the absence of a league sponsor for the last two seasons . asked if he expects a fight on the matter from league chiefs , burrows admitted : ' based on what has gone previously , then yes . ' â .