the other day i was driving past the port at bristol and i saw all those thousands of cars lined up on the quayside – and whoa… i did a double take . there they were : phalanx upon phalanx of shiny new vehicles glinting like dinky toys in the sun ; and i suddenly realised that they weren’t arriving in this country . these cars hadn’t just disembarked from france or germany or japan . they were about to make their own journey overseas – they were british cars , for goodness sake . they were examples of british manufacturing and design and engineering – and they were about to be loaded on to ships and taken to other european countries , and to africa , and asia ; and i reflected on one of the most stunning turnaround stories in the economic history of this country . scroll down for video . britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007 – and we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe . across the west midlands – and indeed across the country – there are now literally thousands of businesses , large and small , that are engaged in automotive innovation and supply ; and there was a time when no one would have believed that was possible . i remember the 1970s . you , too , may remember that mullet- haired decade . the music was superb , the food was mediocre , and british industry was on its knees . i remember when our motor manufacturing industry was in the hands of ‘conveners’ and ‘ shop stewards’ , and when the man who ran british leyland – then our biggest car company – appeared to be an avowedly communist trade union official called red robbo . when i was a child i am afraid to say that british cars were the butt of international derision . they leaked oil , and they were generally assembled with such slovenly imprecision they gained a reputation for unreliability that it has taken decades to shake off . lemon after lemon rolled off our production lines , culminating in the ludicrous rustbucket called the austin allegro – and there was a reason for the disaster . boris johnson : the problem with ed miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s . we had atrocious relations between management and unions , and a legal framework that gave all the power to the unions . we had a labour government that believed companies existed not to serve the needs of the market , or the desires of their customers – but to satisfy the rights of their workers . we had an era of tea breaks and ‘ demarcation disputes’ and closed shops and one-out-all-out strikes , with the labour government trying to impose such insane solutions as tony benn’s communist-style motorbike ‘collective’ at meriden . it did not work then , and it seems to me to be deranged that we could be even contemplating going back to such arrangements now . i am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the labour party manifesto is my former adversary ken livingstone , who has long been on the bennite wing . by ed miliband’s own admission , livingstone has been a big influence in his thinking – and in their return to the benn/livingstone approach labour’s plans are truly nightmarish for business and enterprise . miliband is turning the labour party sharply back to the left , and actively repudiating the chief insight of tony blair – that the party can only be successful if it makes a sensible accommodation with capitalism and the market economy . that is why british business people are so unanimous in their horror , including many former labour supporters and donors . they are not wrong . labour wants to hit small- and medium- sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance – but it is worse than that . ' i am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the labour party manifesto is my former adversary ken livingstone ' . they want to recreate the stifling environment of the 1970s , in which management was deprived of the ability to manage . they want to make it easier for employees to take firms to employment tribunals – when you might think the system was already out of control , with people endlessly and automatically and indeed very often vexatiously claiming racial or sexual or age or disability discrimination . they want all companies with more than 50 employees to have a system of profit-sharing – a return to bennery – and they want the workers to be able to block takeovers . that is before you have even begun to calculate the impact of their attacks on the city , higher income tax , and the higher interest rates that small firms would have to cope with – the result of labour’s failure to tackle the deficit . what makes this anti-capitalist agenda so dangerous is that the british motor manufacturing industry is not in the hands of a few giant firms . we are talking about huge numbers of often tiny companies – firms that pride themselves on making a more efficient windscreen-wiper or a quieter air-conditioning unit or a more easily wipeable dashboard fascia . it is incredible but true that britain now has more specialised motor manufacturing marques than any country on earth – lotus , mclaren , bristol , morgan , caterham , tvr… the list goes on . think of london’s new hop-on hop-off routemaster bus , a glorious piece of low-carbon technology and one of the greenest new buses on the market – made in northern ireland by wrightbus . the west midlands is once again the epicentre of one of the world’s densest ecosystems of motor manufacturing and development . british brands have shed their 1970s reputations ; they are taking on the world and winning . how mad , how tragic , that this extraordinary british triumph should be faced with a labour government that regards capitalism as ‘predatory’ . the problem with ed miliband is not his method of consuming a bacon sarnie – in fact i totally sympathise on that one . the problem with ed miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s , writes boris johnson . the problem is not even that he crashed the economy last time , though he did . he and balls were at the controls in downing street when this country experienced the worst economic catastrophe in living memory – a catastrophe that was gravely exacerbated by their irresponsible fiscal policies . the problem with ed miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s . he genuinely thinks france is the model we should emulate , when the french – whatever the splendours of their civilisation – have 12 per cent unemployment , and when huge numbers of the most talented french people have decided that they wish france was more like britain . how many brits work in paris ? 16,000 . how many french men and women live and work in london ? about 400,000 . mais oui . that should tell miliband all he needs to know about the relative dynamism and competitiveness of the two economies . labour wants to go back to the 1970s , ukip to some non-existent version of a monochrome 1950s , the greens would like to go back to the middle of the stone age , and the lib dems would probably settle for any epoch in which they were above five per cent in the polls . there is only one party presenting itself for election on may 7 that seems to believe in the genius of this country , and that has a plan to take it forward . the lib dems under nick clegg would probably settle for any epoch in which they were above five per cent in the polls . it is only the conservatives that understand the real economic and social significance of all those british cars lined up at bristol . they aren’t the results of an evil and predatory system , by which workers are exploited and the boss class luxuriate in ever greater privilege . they are the fruits of a long and painful post-war period in which britain has learned that in order to survive we must innovate and compete , and that we can not hope to compete if we over-tax and over-regulate in the way that ed miliband is proposing . those british-made vehicles are the sign of an economy that is back on its feet after the labour-made disaster of 2008-9 , in which motor manufacturing fell by half a million cars ; an economy that has seen the creation , since 2010 , of about two million jobs . and those glistening british cars at the bristol docks therefore embody the great moral purpose of wealth creation – because it is only if you have a strong and vibrant economy that you can hope to raise the tax to pay for roads and schools and hospitals and pensions and welfare – not to speak of strong defences – and all the other civilised objectives that we want to meet . i really don’t think miliband gets that . he is one of those theoretical socialists who thinks the problem with socialism is it has never been properly tried ; and i am horrified at the idea he should be given another go . there is only one party presenting itself for election on may 7 that believes that on the whole today is better than yesterday , and tomorrow is going to be better than today . that is david cameron and the conservatives . we need five more years to entrench this economic recovery , five years to take this country forwards and not backwards . that is the battle for britain next month , and one this country can’t afford to lose . 