a billionaire tycoon wants planning authorities to grant permission for his new £4 million beachfront mansion which can jack itself up in the case of flooding which heats itself using the outside air in temperatures as low as -25c . jim ratcliffe , founder and chairman of chemical company ineos , has applied to planning officials in the new forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ' carbon neutral ' mansion . the 62-year-old businessman who is based in switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only uk residence . the proposed beach house in this computer generated image would only be visible from yachts on the solent . the high-tech planned mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero ' and uses renewable energy such as solar power . billionaire tycoon jim ratcliffe wants to build a futuristic beach house on a site he owns overlooking the solent . the planning application claims the building will be 'climate-change proof due to its jacking system . the building has been designed by charles morris , who was the architect responsible for the orchard room at prince charles 's highgrove estate . according the document : ' the development proposals incorporate domestic-scale micro renewable energy systems , including an array of photovoltaic cells , solar hot water and an air source heat pump . ' the solar thermal hot water system provides hot water powered directly from the sun ; the photovoltaic cells will provide electrictiy to power immersion heaters to ensure that there is hot water in all weather conditions . ' the air source heat pump will draw latent heat from the air even when air temperature is as low as -25c to heat the house via underfloor heating . ' the dwelling would be so thermally efficient and would harness so much renewable energy that it will not need a boiler . ' the dwelling has been designed to be lifted by 73 piston jacks , with with a capacity to lift 25 tonnes ; this will allow the development to respond to rising sea levels over the next 100 years , this is truly innovative and truly unique . ' mr ratcliffe is seeking to demolish the existing house on the site and replace it with the new mansion . the house has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift the property up in the case of flooding . the £4million luxury mansion will have stunning views of the isle of wight and is at the edge of the new forest . mr ratcliffe bought the site in 2005 and has had several previous planning applications rejected . according to the plans , the house would only be visible from yachts on the solent . his neighbours include dire straits lead singer mark knopfler and the band 's bass guitarist john illsley who live either side of the planned development . graham baker of the new forest association told the times : ' mr ratcliffe bough a beach house , a small cheaply built occasional dwelling . he wants to erect a mansion in its place . ' mr baker claimed the planned jacking system is not sufficiently unique to allow planners to grant the house permission . however , neighbour frank woodward , 89 , who lives 100 metres away from the beach house said : ' this area was flooded a few years ago so i think it 's a good idea . there used to be a much bigger house on that site . ' mr ratcliffe has got the money . he has to have a big house . people who are objecting have only been living here for five minutes . ' 