a utah father 's ' awesome fun zone ' for his children will be forced down by city officials who did n't appreciate his out-of-the-box thinking and called the cardboard castle in his front yard ' junk ' . jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son max and two-year-old daughter story , that included trap doors and a small slide . the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped . scroll down for video . city code enforcement officials in ogden , utah , have told resident jeremy trentelman to take down the elaborate box fort he built for his son and daughter in his front yard . the family said it will leave the box fort , which includes a slide and trampoline , up for 14 days , the maximum allowed before a fine . trentelman was only planning on leaving the fort in his yard for a few days , but now has decided to leave it up for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $ 125 fine . ' we 've had so much fun with it that i really do n't want to turn it into something 's that 's just stupid , ' mr trentelman told kutv , adding that he would not pay the $ 25 to contest the letter . ' so we 'll enjoy it and take it down when we need to ' . the city 's letter said that ' waste material or junk ' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance 's ' designed to protect property values , citizens ' rights , neighborhood aesthetics and public safety ' . fines could be taken as a lien against the family 's house , mr trentelman said . mr trentelman built the castle last week , though he quickly received a letter saying that his creation was classified as ' waste material or junk ' . the father , who works as a florist creating intricate flower displays , says he will not contest the ordinance because he does not want to turn the castle into something negative . the trentelman children max , ( left ) 3 , and story , ( right ) 2 , have enjoyed playing in the fort and drawing on its cardboard walls with chalk . the family says that none of their neighbors have complained about the fort . 'it’s great what they’re doing for their kids . i think they should add on to it , ' curtis price , who lives across the street , said . mr trentelman said that code enforcement 's gordon sant often drives through the neighborhood . he has invited his neighbors to join them in the cardboard playhouse , which includes a trampoline and walls covered with his children 's chalk drawings . one ogden resident has created a facebook event asking homeowners to build their own cardboard castles and leave them up for 14 days in solidarity . 