patrice evra believes juventus called upon quintessential italian traits in securing their route to the champions league semi-finals , describing the sere a side 's defeat of monaco as ' ugly ' . massimiliano allegri 's team secured a 0-0 draw at the stade louis ii on wednesday night , meaning they progressed 1-0 on aggregate , after arturo vidal 's second-half penalty proved the difference in turin last week . evra withstood a few nervous moments as juventus sat back and allowed the french side to dictate the play , but after helping the italians reach their first champions league semi-final since 2002-03 , the former manchester united full back claimed that ligue 1 's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play . patrice evra prevents monaco 's yannick ferreira carrasco from delivering a cross at the stade louis ii . evra is put under pressure by monaco 's geoffrey kondogbia during wednesday night 's quarter-final clash . ' i 'm not scientist but for paris saint-germain to lose to a big club like barcelona and monaco to lose to an experienced team like juventus , but i think that in france we 're okay being the country that finishes second , ' the french defender told bein sports after the game . ' we 'll have to take the next step , to have a different mentality . you have to respect the opponent but be more aggressive on the pitch . ' i think the french teams sometimes doubt themselves . they play some beautiful games but when it comes down to it , do not go through . ' we must give a nod to monaco , who deserved more tonight . but , from our point of view , we never really doubted ourselves . ' we played the italian way - it 's solid , it 's ugly , but it works . i am happy and at the same time a little sad for monaco . it was strange to return to stade louis ii , where i spent many happy years . ' injury meant paul pogba sat out the monaco clash and he is likely to miss the champions league semi-finals . meanwhile , evra 's has urged compatriot paul pogba not to be tempted into a swift comeback from injury , after the 22-year-old was ruled out of action for 50 days when he injured a hamstring in the last-16 victory over borussia dortmund . ' he 's hungry but he has an injury that requires attention , ' the left-back added . ' he must not rush his return and instead have faith in the medical staff . he must only return if he 's 100 per cent . ' 