a man has spent a year losing 70lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife . pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy , who was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant . the waiting list is seven years long . but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . refusing to accept the diagnosis , pj embarked on a relentless fitness regime . finally , in december 2014 , they got the green light . in february , they went under the knife together . scroll down for video . transformation : pj and tracy spraggins ( pictured , left , in 2006 , and right in 2015 ) together lost 145lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to her . on the transplant list , she would have had to wait seven years . made it ! after a year of grueling dieting and exercise , pj was given the green light to undergo surgery . ' we both just feel amazing . i 'm slowly getting back to work making music , tracy is making sure she fully recovers . but the entire process has been amazing . ' now 39 , tracy was six when she was first diagnosed with the chronic inflammatory disease which affects her kidney functions . she was placed on the transplant list in 2013 - just a few months after her 34-year-old sister , who also had lupus , died following complications from a kidney transplant . knowing that the seven-year wait might be too long , pj , a self-employed musician , submitted himself for the weeks-long evaluation to assess whether he could donate his kidney . journey : for a year , he kept losing weight and going in for tests , only to be told he needed to lose more . finally , he visited nashville 's vanderbilt hospital in december 2014 , and the numbers all matched up . however , the good news was tinged with disappointment as doctors said his size meant the operation could n't go ahead . ' they said i was a perfect match but they wanted to check i was healthy and met their requirements . they sent me a blood pressure monitor , but they did n't like the numbers . ' that was a real kick in the gut . ' the doctors advised pj , who weighed 265lbs , to lose 30lbs before returning for an evaluation . he did - but on the day of the test he changed a flat tire . ' my blood pressure was all over the place . the results came back and they said no again . ' it did n't stop there . next try was a hospital in atlanta , georgia , where he was told to another 60lbs . eventually , they made it to nashville 's vanderbilt hospital in december 2014 . pj made sure he did everything he could to ensure the readings were perfect . ' i put that blood pressure monitor on and lay in bed all day . and thankfully , it all came back good ! ' undergoing the four-hour surgery together on february 24 , the couple took a beaming photograph in matching hospital gowns . life saver : special needs teacher tracy , 39 , has suffered from lupus , a chronic inflammatory disease , since she was six . in 2013 , doctors in birmingham , alabama , said she would need a kidney transplant to survive . happy : spraggins ( pictured in hospital ) described the feeling of dejection at every hurdle until they made it . perfect match : the chances of being a perfect match for one 's spouse is rare . the couple , who married in 2003 , are now back home and recovering in birmingham . gift ! this was the festive easter gift given to tracy and pj by vanderbilt hospital . ' the way my kidney function is now , it 's at 100 percent . and it 's at the best it 's ever been , ' tracy , a special needs teacher , told fox . pj told dailymail.com : ' it has just been amazing . to know that i did everything i could to give my wife a better quality of life is just the best feeling . i am so happy . ' the couple 's friends have now set up a fund to financially support them during the two-month recovery period when they will be unable to work . it reads : ' while the actual cost of the kidney transplant itself would be covered , they would need at least two months of financial assistance to cover regular household expenses as neither of them will be able to work during their recovery . your donations would be emensely appreciated . '