earlier this month the tracksuit tycoon mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from the retailer john lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million . the clearings has been primed for redevelopment , with planning permission for 62 luxury flats , seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school as part of the project . in five years , when the operation to build the properties is concluded and they have been sold to high-end buyers , ashley will add something in the region of another £1bn to his net worth . there have been empty seats at st james ' park recently as fans let their feelings about mike ashley be known . the weekend defeat by swansea was a seventh straight premier league loss for the magpies . toon keeper tim krul had to pick the ball out of his net three times against swansea . ashley looks after the money , obsessing over the finances at his business empire , which includes sportsdirect , tesco and his football club in the north east . last year his group made more than £500m . in return , he expects his employees , across the board , to deliver . the biggest motivation in ashley’s life is to make money , something reflected in newcastle united’s latest accounts , which are showing another decent profit and £34m in the bank . the money men at newcastle are already aware that the team could play in an empty stadium when the new television deals crystallise at the start of the 2016-17 season and still turn a profit based on current income and expenditure . it feels like it could come to that as newcastle’s disaffected supporters wonder where to take their grievances to next . ashley , the club’s owner , does not appear to be listening . he is not a football man , certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters at st james’ park . after seven straight defeats in the barclays premier league under their interim coach john carver , they have every right to fear for the future . all is not well . it does not help that ashley has taken a neanderthal approach to negative criticism , frequently banning journalists from st james’ because they have gone into bat on behalf of the team’s disaffected supporters . for such a successful businessman , ashley’s sensitivity to criticism is undoubtedly one of his biggest weaknesses . ashley ( right ) has never been mr popular at st james ' park but the protests have been ramped up recently . a fan appeared to have a go at interim manager john carver during the latest loss at st james ' park . the view from the bench has n't been pretty for carver and the newcastle staff during the last few weeks . he should address it because his ability to make money should be one of his most powerful weapons at newcastle . in january , after a deal had been concluded to take alan pardew to crystal palace , the former newcastle manager gave a momentary insight into the financial strategy at st james’ park . ‘ newcastle is a big club , it’s difficult because it is run on an tight financial margin , ’ admitted pardew . ‘ we had to work hard on transfers , the funds for a club that size makes it difficult to understand that we had to build slowly . ’ so what is so wrong with that , especially when the owner of the club still has an interest-free loan of £129m marked in the latest newcastle accounts ? it is the job of newcastle’s chief scout graham carr , along with his staff , to identify and recruit the players who can improve this team . talent identification is not ashley’s area of expertise and he has always made it clear that it is the responsibility of his scouting department to improve the squad . the natural conclusion when clubs sell their best players , as newcastle did when yohan cabaye moved to paris saint-germain in january 2014 and mathieu debuchy left for arsenal last summer , is to lose momentum . it always feels like a lack of ambition . then there are teams such as southampton , who sold four of their best players last summer - dejan lovren , adam lallana , calum chambers and luke shaw - for £88m after finishing eighth in the premier league . newcastle fans held a protest urging fellow supporters to ' show ashley the red card ' . they responded by recruiting dusan tadic , graziano pelle , fraser forster , florin gardos , shane long and sadio mane for an outlay of around £56m . under ronald koeman , who replaced mauricio pochettino last summer after he moved to tottenham , southampton could still qualify for the europa league . they are a fine example to the teams outside the top four because southampton ( with an annual income of £90m ) , swansea ( £84m ) and newcastle ( £110m ) can not compete on the same financial terms . swansea , who beat newcastle 3-2 last saturday , have also had a recent change in management after promoting garry monk . he has had an outstanding year in charge . toon fans held up the cards during the latest protest against owner ashley . even with the loss of wilfried bony , sold to manchester city for £28m in january , they are on course for a top-eight finish because of their own financial prudence and some smart recruitment . like southampton , they are not living above their means , but their transfer policy is first class . they are being rewarded for that . newcastle are currently 19th in the annual deloitte report into football’s rich list , but they do not have the same financial muscle as manchester united ( £371m ) , manchester city ( £277m ) , chelsea ( £277m ) , arsenal ( £219m ) , liverpool ( £208m ) and tottenham ( £153m ) . this summer ashley will make some new signings , something they desperately need after a depressing end to the season at st james’ park . without them , the balance sheet will be the only winner . 