it 's the first food for a large number of the population , and many consider it to be one of the best starts in life a mother can give her child . and nutrient-rich , there is no denying that breast milk has myriad benefits for babies . but now one company has made the controversial move of using breast milk in a new vanilla ice cream aimed at adults . scroll down for video . royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards . breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators . royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley . the 30-year-old mother from leeds has collaborated with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby . ms hiley , said she wanted to remind the duchess of cambridge , and mothers around the country , of the benefits of breastfeeding . and also how delicious breast milk is , whatever your age . royal baby gaga ice cream is made by the licktators with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards - and blended with madagascan vanilla . ms hiley was involved in the launch of baby gaga breast milk ice cream in 2011 and teamed up again with ice cream maker matt o'connor to create the product . the ice-cream comes in 500ml pink or blue tubs ( left ) and is blended with madagascan vanilla . a 500ml tub of royal baby gaga has an rsp of £19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs . all profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity . ' there was huge support from breastfeeding women for baby gaga ice cream in 2011 , yet some politicians still stigmatise women for breastfeeding in public , ' ms hiley said . ' we thought the birth of a royal baby was a great time to whip up support for mums and say that when it comes to ice cream this summer , breast is best . ' after all , what else would you give your young prince or princess ? ' the product will be available for sale at selected stores in london this summer and online at thelicktators.com . it may have the majority of the nation grimacing at the thought of it but admit it , it 's got you curious . so what does it actually taste like ? femail reporter , martha cliff , bravely tries the the controversial frozen treat . ' i 've hit the 4pm slump and i am in search of a quick pick-me-up , ie . sugar . my face does fall slightly when i 'm told that yes i am in luck , there is a large pot of vanilla ice cream on the desk however , it has been created using human lactation . ' i try to not to think about the ingredients and try to take reassurance in the fact that a human nipple is easily cleaner than a cow 's udder . ' the flavour itself is not unpleasant at all . in fact the texture is what i would consider to be a luxurious gelato . ' it is extremely sweet , reminiscent of those blocks of vanilla ice cream that were served in school canteens . having said that , if i had been given a bowl without knowing its origin i would have happily have eaten the lot , as it is i managed a few spoon fulls before it got a bit odd . '