fighter pilots flying the deadly f-35 lightning ii jet have very special secret weapon - a $ 400,000 helmet that allows them to see through the plane . six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to ' look through ' the air-frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies . and all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet 's visor rather than the traditional 'heads-up display ' . scroll down for videos . high-tech : the f-35 jet 's $ 400,000 helmet ( pictured ) gives the pilot a 360 degree view around their aircraft and even allows them to see through its frame . complex : the six infrared cameras placed around the plane means that when the pilot looks down , they see the world below them in their visor . problems : its staggering $ 400,000 price tag is millions more than the original budget because of problems in its development . destructive : the f-35 lightning ii is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code , compared to an f-22 raptor 's 1.7 million . ' when the helmet 's tuned correctly to the pilot 's eyes , you almost step into this other world where all this information comes in , ' a test pilot for the lockhead martin , the plane 's prime contractor told the washington post . al norman added : ' you can look through the jet 's eyeballs to see the world as the jet sees the world . ' like the jet - which is estimated to cost around $ 1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years - the helmet is incredibly expensive . each custom-made piece of high-tech headgear costs nearly half a million dollars , which is reportedly millions over its original budget due to development problems . earlier versions of the helmet did not deal well with turbulence and there was a delay in the state-of-the-art video system which caused motion sickness , the washington post reports . there was also a green glow in the night vision function that obscured the pilots ' vision and in 2011 , the pentagon allegedly hired bae systems to build a backup . the f-35 lightning ii has what is considered to be ' one of the most complicated weapons systems ever ' . whereas a fighter jet like the f-22 raptor is programmed with around 1.7 million lines of software code , the f-35 has up to a staggering 8 million . it comes in three versions , including one that is designed to take off and land on an aircraft carrier and another that lands vertically like a harrier jet . trouble : earlier versions of the helmet did not deal well with turbulence and there was a delay in the state-of-the-art video system which caused motion sickness . state-of-the-art : the information which would usually be on the 'heads-up display ' - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - is projected straight onto the helmet 's visor . joint attack : the helmet is so advanced that it allows pilots to share information with other f-35 jets nearby . military force : the u.s. government estimated the f-35 would cost around $ 1.5trillion to develop over the next 50 years . the helmet incredibly allows pilots to share information with other f-35 's near it but that function has also had teething problems , the program 's executive officer . air force lt. gen. chris bogdan said : ' if one or two jets are flying together , they have been able to share information seamlessly . ' but when there are four jets , communication problems emerge , which can ' create an inaccurate picture for the pilot . ' the pentagon 's astonishing estimate for the lifetime cost an f-35 is up almost $ 120billion from about year ago . but it still plans to buy 2,443 of the warplanes that can evade radar detection and can reach well over supersonic speed . the new estimate includes maintenance costs of around $ 1.1trillion over the plane 's lifetime , the price of the aircraft itself which is $ 332billion and another $ 63.8billion for the engine . the fighter jet 's developers lockhead martin say ' the supersonic , multi-role f-35 represents a quantum leap ' in airborne warfare . its ' advanced stealth ' allows it to fly over areas without being detected by sophisticated radar systems that other jets can not . its constructors claim it can be used for a range of missions which include air-to-air combat , ground strikes , electronic attack and even reconnaissance because it is such a versatile machine . its ' advanced electronic warfare ' function allow it to locate and track enemy forces and even jam their radars . the state-of-the-art helmet - which costs $ 400,000 - give the pilot real-time access to battle space information with 360-degree coverage of their surroundings . the f-35’s stealth capabilities and ability to carry weapons inside it 's airframe mean it can engage its targets from long-range without being detected . lockhead martin says the f-35 ' will enter the battlespace first , clearing the way ' for coalition forces . the company describes it as the ' quarterback ' for a joint strike force because it can share what it sees with other jets nearby , expanding the ' situational awareness across the entire network of aircraft ' .