the director of a jail for juvenile gang members was gunned down in the streets by prisoners ' fellow criminals as he made his way to work on friday . luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack . a salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill cuyun as ' revenge ' for treatment of gang members at the director 's center in guatemala city . warning graphic images below . luis andres cuyun , 30 , the director of a jail for young gang members in guatemala city , was killed as he went to work on friday morning . the director and his companion , social welfare official abimael rodas palacios , were riding in their pickup truck when suspected mara salvatrucha gang members opened fire . cuyun had been riding to work before the sudden attack on friday morning in guatemala city , the nation 's capital and largest city . salvadoran juan carlos medina luna , 29 , and guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar , 18 , were arrested after a short police chase . juan carlos medina luna , 29 , who entered the country from el salvador two months ago , said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named ' el travieso ' or ' the naughty one ' and did it ' because i like to kill ' . guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar , 18 , who is known as marito , was also arrested for the attack on friday after a police chase , according to prensa libre . another suspect in the two men 's car fled , police say . the incident reportedly stretched for several blocks after a gang truck pulled alongside cuyun 's pickup and began shooting . cuyun and his companion abimael rodas palacios were said to have gotten out of their car and began firing back at their attackers . palacios , 42 , a worker for the country 's social welfare secretary , was taken to the hospital with bullet wounds in his leg and arm . two ak-47s and two grenades were found inside medina luna and aguilar 's gray mitsubishi van . medina luna said that the pair had been ordered to kill cuyun by gang leader el travieso , and said that he did the hit job because he enjoys killing . medina luna said that cuyun had made his fellow gang members ' vomit blood ' at las gaviotas . above , the victims ' car . cuyun and palacios were said to have gotten out of their car and fired back at their attackers before the jail director was gunned down and . two ak-47s and two fragmentation grenades were found in the suspected attackers ' mitsubishi when they were arrested . medina luna said that cuyun had made his fellow gang members ' vomit blood ' at las gaviotas , which means ' the seagulls ' , according to siglo 21 . a children 's advocate from the guatemalan office of human rights inspected conditions at the facility in 2012 and found that they were acceptable , according to the country 's human rights organization institución del procurador de los derechos humanos . mara salvatrucha , also known as ms-13 . began among salvadorans in los angeles in the 1980s , but became an international criminal gang as members were deported back to central america . governments in countries such as guatemala , el salvador and honduras have struggled to control violence , including inter-gang attack between groups such as the salvatruchas and a gang called calle 18 . in 2009 the fbi estimated that it had up to 50,000 members worldwide , including up to 10,000 in the us . ms-13 members have been involving in trafficking cocaine into the us , prostitution rings , robberies , assaults , murders and gun smuggling . gang thugs sent back to central america from time committing crimes in the us , who often decorate their bodies with elaborate tattoos , are seen as having special status in their home countries . they have used machetes in many of their attacks and often recruit minors . unicef estimates that 50 killings per year in guatemala are committed by juveniles . the gang members alleged abuses against their young fellows at las gaviotas ( pictured , which means the seagulls . roughly 50 killings per year in guatemala are committed by minors , many of whom are recruited by gangs such as mara salvatrucha . above , inmates at las gaviotas attend class . mara salvatrucha often decorate their bodies with elaborate tattoos . above , a former leader of the gang poses during a photo session at comayagua jail in honduras in 2008 .