former manchester united goalkeeper edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to old trafford . united head to chelsea on saturday in top form , having won six successive matches . victory at stamford bridge would put united within five points of the blues , but the fact that the leaders have one game in hand means they are big favourites to lift the barclays premier league trophy next month . edwin van der sar ( right ) is convinced louis van gaal ( left ) will bring the glory days to manchester united . van gaal's united head to chelsea on saturday in top form , having won six successive matches . van der sar admits the title is probably beyond united 's grasp this season , but when asked whether the red devils could challenge for the championship next year , the former goalkeeper said : ' with a little bit of luck , they could have done that this season but for chelsea winning a lot of those games with late goals - but let 's hope so . ' believing in the philosophy of louis , at the start of the new season , i think he can bring the club back to the place where it belongs . ' united boss van gaal revealed this week that he started planning in january to make acquisitions in the summer transfer window . van gaal revealed this week that he started planning in january for players he wanted to bring in this summer . van der sar admits the title is probably beyond united 's grasp but thinks they can win trophies , like he did . mats hummels , nathaniel clyne and kevin strootman - amongst others - are on the dutchman 's radar . van der sar , who won four titles at united , believes the club 's revival will gather pace if a couple of new signings are added in the window . ' it 's been a good turnaround for the club and , if they can hold on to that third place , it 's a great position to then maybe strengthen in a couple of areas of the team , ' van der sar told united 's website . van gaal is looking to strengthen in the summer with united already linked to a number of top players . 