he 's protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler , and now cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli . mr guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day . and while there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria , mr guven is quietly confident . ' the army is here , we are here . it will be okay , ' he said . cengiz güven ( left ) with actor russell crowe in istanbul during the premiere of crowe 's film the water divider . the 30-year-old security guard pictured with aerosmith lead singer steven tyler . the 30-year-old security manager from istanbul has been taking care of things at lone pine for the past four years , but in between anzac days his work has a superstar flavour . when crowe attended the istanbul premiere of his latest film , the water diviner , in 2014 , mr guven was on personal protection duty . he kept tyler safe when the frontman and his band were in town to perform and has been on duty for campbell , american lifestyle icon martha stewart and electro-dance group the prodigy . switching from one-on-one to protecting thousands does n't faze mr guven , even when the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landings has made this year the busiest ever for him and his team from turkish security firm vipsec . turkish security guard cengiz güven outside the lone pine cemetery on the gallipoli peninsular in the lead up to the anzac day ceremony . a wreath made from knitted poppies rests on a headstone at the shell green cemetery below lone pine on the gallipoli peninsular on wednesday . corporal andrew barnett of the australian army band , who will play the bugle at the upcoming dawn service commemoration ceremony to honour australian and new zealand soldiers killed in the gallipoli campaign , stands at anzac cove on wednesday . ' it 's normally stressful but we are working here very proudly , ' he told aap as workers carried on with final preparations at lone pine . ' we ca n't look at this project like a business . ' the civilian security team , which will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 australians at the lone pine service on anzac day , is just a part of the enormous security machine that has swung into operation across the gallipoli peninsula . nearly 4000 national and paramilitary police , and at least 1000 turkish soldiers will be on duty when the memorial sites are locked down over friday and saturday . more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are expected to attend the anazc commemorative site at gallipoli for the anzac day 100th anniversary commemoration this year . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .