an impoverished father has revealed that he plans to sell his own kidney to fund life-saving treatment for his three morbidly-obese children . sisters yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , and their 18-month-old brother harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children . weighing 5st 5lbs ( 34kg ) , 7st 8lbs ( 48kg ) and 2st 5lbs ( 15kg ) respectively , the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . now their father rameshbhai nandwana , 34 , of gurjarat , india , is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists . he said : ‘ if my kids continue to grow at this rapid rate they will have major health issues . we’re terrified they will die . ’ scroll down for video . obese : ( from left ) yogita , five , harsh , 18 months , and anisha , three , weigh 5st 5lbs ( 34kg ) , 2st 5lbs ( 15kg ) and 7st 8lbs ( 48kg ) respectively . yogita and anisha eat 18 chapatis , 3lbs of rice , two bowls of broth , six packets of crisps , five packs of biscuits , 12 bananas and a litre of milk daily . and their extreme hunger means their mother pragna ben , 30 , spends most of her day making their meals . she said : ‘ my day starts with making 30 chapatis and 1kg vegetable curry in the morning . after that i am again in the kitchen preparing more food . ‘ their hunger never stops . they demand food all the time and cry and scream if they’re not fed . i am always in the kitchen cooking for them . ’ the couple have one older daughter , bhavika , six , who weighs an average 2st 7lbs ( 16kg ) , and do not know why their other three children are so big . mr nandwana said : ‘ when yogita was born she was extremely weak and weighed just 1.5kg ( 3.3lbs ) . we were worried for her health . ' so we fed her a lot during the first year of her life to build her strength but by her first birthday she had bloated to 12kg ( 1st 12lbs ) . family : rameshbhai nandwana ( left ) , 34 , and pragna ben ( back right ) , 30 , are the parents of yogita ( front left ) , anisha ( front right ) , harsh ( front centre ) and six-year-old bhavika ( rear centre ) , their other daughter - who weighs an average 2st 7lbs . they all live together in gujarat , india . ‘ our third daughter anisha also gained weight in similar fashion and by her first birthday she was 15kg . ‘ but we only realised they were suffering from a disorder when our son harsh was born as he too gained weight quickly during his first year . ' we started looking for medical help and consulted many doctors but they would just refer us to bigger hospitals that i couldn’t afford . ’ mr nandwana earns just rs 3000 ( £35 ) a month - but usually has sufficient money to buy enough food to fulfil the large appetite of his children . he said : ‘ i am a daily wage labour and i usually get paid rs 100 a day but there are times when there is no work at all . ‘ i work in fields , dig wells , and do whatever menial job i can find to earn money . ' and i’m constantly worried about finding the money to feed my continually hungry children . ’ despite his paltry income , mr nandwana spends about rs 10,000 ( £110 ) a month on food for his children and said he ' can not leave them starving ' . diet : yogita and anisha eat eight chapatis , 4lbs of rice , three bowls of broth , six packets of crisps , five packs of biscuits and 12 bananas daily . mother of four : pragna ben , 30 , tries to lift her five-year-old daughter yogita . 6am . five bananas . one litre of milk . six wheat chapatis . one bowl of vegetable broth . 10am . five wheat chapatis . one bowl of yoghurt . one bowl of vegetable broth . 12.30pm . millet chapatti - made of 3.3lbs millet flour . two bananas . one bowl of vegetables . four packets of crisps . 3pm . millet breads . rice - 3lbs with vegetables . 5pm . 1 litre cold drink ( coca cola or pepsi ) . six packets of crisps . five packs of biscuits . five bananas . 8pm . six wheat chapatis . one litre of milk . buttermilk ( 1.5 litres ) . two big bowls of vegetables . he added : ‘ if i don’t have the money , i borrow it from my brothers and friends . but i make sure i feed my children when they need . ’ the father has spent rs 50,000 ( £540 ) on seeing doctors and treatment over the last three years – without any improvement in his children’s condition . he said : ‘ no one in our family has a giant frame . only my children are overweight . as parents , it pains us immensely to see them unable to move . ‘ they can not walk ; they can not do anything on their own . selling my kidney is a desperate measure . but i’m now desperate to get the right help for my children . ’ miss ben can not pick up her children so she has to watch them roll around when her husband is at work - or use a trolley to pull them around . she said : ‘ they need me to help them bath or when they need the toilet . i’m only 40 kg so it’s impossible for me to pick them up . ‘it’s a struggle when my husband is at work . hard-working : anisha hugs her father rameshbhai , with harsh . mr nandwana spends about rs 10,000 ( £110 ) a month on food for his children . ' they are usually restricted to the same place for the whole day and because of that , they can not go to school . ' all they do all day is eat and play and giggle with each other . ' i want my daughters to get an education and play like other kids . i want them to have a life . this is no life . ’ local doctors believe the children are suffering from prader-willi syndrome , but do not know how to treat it . the rare genetic condition causes various symptoms including constant hunger , reduced muscle tone , restricted growth and learning difficulties . dr akshay mandavia , a paediatrician at mandavia children 's hospital in gujarat , said : ‘ there is an abnormal accumulation of fat in these children . ‘they’re not able to breathe properly , and they wheeze . their condition could be due to endocrinal disease or prader-willi syndrome . ‘ but we can only ascertain the right treatment after a proper diagnosis at one of our top hospitals . ’ prader-willi syndrome ( pws ) is a rare genetic condition that causes a wide range of problems . these include : it is caused by a genetic defect on chromosome number 15 , which happens purely by chance , and is usually diagnosed by carrying out genetic tests . sadly , there is no cure for the condition . prader-willi syndrome is a rare genetic condition that causes a wide range of problems such as overeating . parents of children with the condition usually have to restrict their diet and lock up all food . instead , a team of healthcare professionals will help teach parents to manage any problems the child has , such as overeating . children usually want to eat frequently , so it is important that most of the food they eat is low in calories , and that access to sweets and fatty foods is restricted . getting the child to stick to an eating plan voluntarily is practically impossible , so parents usually need to lock any storage areas that contain foods , such as fridge or cupboards . they should also search the child’s room for hidden foods , forbid them to leave the house unsupervised , or play with other children who are eating food , in case they try to steal it . any family , friends or teachers should be informed of the need to restrict their diet . the child should also be encouraged to exercise as much as possible . if the child has restricted growth , treatment with an artificial version of the human growth hormone ( hgh ) is usually recommended , as it can increase their final adult height by around 10.5cm ( 4.1 inches ) . most adults with prader-willi syndrome are unable to live fully independent lives , such as having a full-time job and living in their own home . their behavioural issues and problems with food mean these environments and situations are too demanding . adults with the syndrome who do n't live with their parents will probably require residential care . source : nhs choices . for more information , visit the prader-willi association website : http : //www.pwsa.co.uk .