a football club chairman has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport – from retired grandfathers who are trying to relive their youth and encourage violence on match days . dave doggett , the boss of league two outfit cambridge united , believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games . he said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ' gangs ' . scroll down for video . dave doggett , the chairman of cambridge united , has warned of a new breed of hooliganism and believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . mr doggett said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ' gangs ' . writing in his club 's latest programme , mr doggett said : ' unfortunately football clubs still attract an undesirable element of society that appear determined to ruin the enjoyment of real supporters of football clubs . ' our promotion to the football league appears to have encouraged our `` risk '' from the 1980s to come out of retirement . ' many of them are grandparents trying to encourage the next generation to join their `` gangs '' . ' it sounds pathetic but unfortunately it is reality . we are working closely with police . ' hopefully the reality of the potential consequences will dissuade some of our younger supporters from becoming involved with these undesirables . ' our football club is too important to so many to allow a few to ruin our great sport . ' peter woor , a cambridge united fan , said he had noticed that the hooliganism of the 1970s and 1980s still lingers in games against local rivals such as southend united and luton town . he said : ' there 's a tension and you feel threatened so i do n't go to those places anymore . it 's not worth it . ' most places are fine though , but you still tend to go to away games and keep your colours hidden . ' i remember the 1970s and 1980s and it was horrendous and of course it 's nothing like that but it 's still a problem . ' these people must have something missing in their lives to want to do this . it 's very sad . ' cambridge supporter simon dobbin , 42 ( pictured with wife nicole ) , remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after an away game to southend on march 21 . police said he was an ' entirely innocent victim ' . mr doggett said older men were those causing violence . pictured : police with fans following reports of disorder outside southend 's spread eagle pub prior to the recent match between the essex side and cambridge . one cambridge season ticket holder , who asked not to be named , said a group of about 30 fans regularly turn up to games looking for trouble afterwards . he said : ' they arrive after the game starts and then leave before it finishes to find a fight . ' cambridge united supporter simon dobbin , 42 , remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after their game away to southend on march 21 . essex police said he was an ' entirely innocent victim ' and believe he was set upon by a group of thugs intent on attacking the visiting cambridge fans . cambridgeshire police said the force has also seen an increase in the ' severity and volume ' of football-related disorder this season . inspector steve kerridge said : ' we have seen an increase in football-related violence and disorder amongst a very small minority of people , both in cambridge and other locations when the club has travelled . ' the tragic events recently leading to a serious injury in southend have been reported widely and sicken us all . mr doggett said cambridge united had noticed an increase in violence since the club was promoted to league two last year . pictured : southend united 's barry corr beats richard tait to the ball in last month 's match . ' the club is working hard with us to ensure that those who use football as a vehicle for violence and disorder have no place in the terraces or association with cambridge united . ' he said police are using football banning orders , which impose ' stringent court-backed ' restrictions on individuals . he added : ' the increase of risk activity both in severity and volume this season means regular consideration of this level of intervention is once again - and sadly - justified and necessary . ' the warning comes as football chiefs across the country continue to promote the kick it out season of action campaign to promote respect within football .