nicola sturgeon has said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a labour minority government did not pursue austerity . the snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts . ' i don’t think the country can afford more austerity , ' she told itv 's the agenda . ' i would be seeking to build alliances with parties like plaid cymru and the greens and backbenchers . i could never ever support a tory government . ' nicola sturgeon has said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a labour minority government did not pursue austerity . miss sturgeon said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis , forcing a labour minority government to seek snp support for every single bill . the comments came after a scottish poll delivered another blow to mr miliband’s hopes of achieving an overall majority . the shock survey found that 52 per cent of voters north of the border supported nicola sturgeon’s nationalists – more than double labour’s support at just 24 per cent . it means mr miliband could not hope to move into number 10 without the snp’s say-so . asked if never she could never vote down a labour government , miss sturgeonresponded : ' minority government is all about building alliances on an issue by issue basis . ‘it’s about where can i find support across this parliament for the position i want to build upon . ' ms sturgeon also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru . she confirmed she would like to see some sort of pact between labour and the snp ; although she would not want a coalition . ‘ minority government can be stable and effective and successful , and we know how can contribute to making a minority government work , ’ she said . ' we have a vested interest as long as we are part of the westminster system to make sure it works as well as possible . ' what i am trying to say is look , here is a hand of friendship and not be secretive about my support for independence . ' miss sturgeon insisted a vote for the snp did not mean a vote for a second referendum . she said : ' as the leader of the snp i am saying very clearly to people that voting snp in this election is not voting for another independence referendum . ' for there to be another ref people would have to vote for a party that had that as a proposal in a manifesto in a scottish parliament election . ' for the snp to put it into another manifesto there has to be a change of circumstances from last year . ' the tns poll , which showed the liberal democrats on 6 per cent and 13 per cent siding with the tories , would see labour losing dozens of seats in scotland . this would make it almost impossible for him to get an overall majority in westminster ; increasing the chances of him having to reach a deal with the snp to win power . the poll’s 28-point lead is nearly double last month’s figure , when the snp and labour scored 46 per cent and 30 per cent respectively . the scottish nationalists’ surge in the polls comes amid signs of a split between labour leadership in london and jim murphy , the labour leader in scotland . mr murphy has suggested that the party would not need to make ‘ further cuts to achieve our spending rules’ in the next parliament . first minister and snp leader nicola sturgeon receives flowers while on the general election campaign trail at new lanark world heritage site , lanarkshire . the scottish first minister said the snp would never form an alliance with the conservative party but could support labour . but yesterday chuka umunna , labour’s business spokesman , slapped him down ; telling the bbc’s daily politics programme that cuts would have to be made throughout the life of the new parliament . ‘ the leader of the scottish labour party will not be in charge of the uk budget , ’ she said . ‘ the leader of our country , our next prime minister , ed miliband , will be in charge of the uk budget . and he was absolutely clear : there will be the need for further consolidation and cuts throughout the rest of the parliament . ’ and , speaking to the bbc radio 4 today programme , shadow chancellor ed balls said : ‘ i ca n't say to scotland that you 're going to be exempt from spending cuts in the unprotected areas but they 're sensible . ’ labour party leader ed miliband speaks at train engineering company in loughborough today , with just over three weeks until polling day . mr miliband has insisted that he is not concerned about the polls in scotland and claimed people were still making up their minds . when asked at his manifesto launch in manchester the state of the polls in scotland , mr miliband said : ‘ there is a really important argument now about what the snp commitments are . ‘let’s see what happens on may 7 in relation to scotland , because i think there are many , many people still making up their minds . ’ scottish labour leader jim murphy said : ‘ the choice at this election could n't be clearer - investment in the future of young scots and an end to austerity with scottish labour , or losing £1,400 per person for our schools and hospitals with nicola sturgeon 's plans for full fiscal autonomy . ’