carlo ancelotti hailed diego simeone as one of the world 's best coaches as the italian looked ahead to real madrid 's champions league clash with atletico madrid . real madrid travel to the vicente calderon for their quarter-final first-leg match on tuesday , and ancelotti admits facing simeone is both an ' honour ' and a ' problem ' . speaking at monday 's pre-match press conference , ancelotti said : ' what can i say about simeone ? carlo ancelotti has hailed atletico madrid boss diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . simeone 's atleti side host rivals real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . the italian boss oversees los blancos training at the club 's valdebebas training ground on monday . ' he is a great coach , i like him a lot . he has proved himself , he is one of the best in the world . it’s an honour to face him and also a problem . ' we don’t have an obsession with atletico , but with reaching the final of the champions league . our objective is not to beat atletico , but to dream of winning the champions league . ' every match presents its own problem . every match has its idea . every defeat was different . one was due to set-pieces , one for something else , another due to a not very good attitude , like the last one . it’s difficult to say what happened . ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby champions league clash . gareth bale is available for selection once again after missing madrid 's 3-0 victory against eibar on saturday . the madrid players seemed in a relaxed mood during their final training session before tuesday 's match . cristiano ronaldo shares a joke with brazilian team-mate marcelo during training . 'it’s not that interesting , but we have analysed it and now we have another tie . ' the 55-year-old also revealed he has a fully fit squad to choose from on tuesday evening with welsh attacker gareth bale set to return to the first team after missing madrid 's 3-0 victory against eibar on saturday . ' i am lucky to have the whole squad at my disposal . the formation will be the same as always . ' to play well , we will have to use all our weapons : individual quality and attacking directly with pace . ' bale is fine . i have the whole squad available and they are very fresh . if one doesn’t play , another will . but bale is at 100 per cent . ' ‘ bale had a fantastic season last time and scored in both finals . we hope to play more finals over the coming months and he will be important , like last year , ' he added . meanwhile , atletico’s croatia forward mario mandzukic , who has scored five goals in eight champions league appearances , has recovered from an ankle problem and is set to play , with fernando torres likely to be on the bench . ronaldo will be hoping to add to his tally of eight champions league goals so far this season . the portuguese star was in the mood to show off his stunning skills as real prepared for the madrid derby .