a couple pocketed £66,000 in a benefits scam by pretending to be landlord and tenant - despite having three children together . sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period . the couple , from ward end , birmingham , claimed £66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period . the couple , from ward end , pocketed £66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . birmingham crown court heard jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . but three years later , when rafiq bought them a house , jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord , rafiq . blondelle thompson , prosecuting , said jabreen also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related to rafiq . she even claimed single occupancy discount on her council tax payments , the court was told . jabreen pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change of circumstances and a charge of making a false representation . rafiq admitted a charge of furnishing false information regarding the tenancy agreement provided to the city council . but after hearing of her ill-health and that she was the sole carer for their children , jabreen was spared prison . she was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for 18 months , placed under supervision for 18 months and ordered to attend the anawim probation project for 30 days . rafiq , it was heard , acted out of desperation to pay their mortgage rather than through greed . he was handed an 18-month sentence , suspended for 18 months and ordered to carry out 180 hours unpaid work . birmingham crown court heard jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . but three years later , when rafiq bought them a house , jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord , rafiq . miss thompson said : ' at no time did she declare rafiq was her partner or father of her children . ' in october 2011 a report was made to the city council 's fraud investigation team , prompting an investigation . ms thompson added : ' the house was put under surveillance and his car was seen daily and was used by jabreen . ' life insurance documents and a virgin media account were both registered to rafiq at the couple 's address . judge roderick henderson said rafiq was a ' dishonest ' man who had once posed as his brother to avoid getting a criminal record . he said : ' as far as you are concerned i get a very clear picture of a person who is dishonest and bends things to whatever benefits you at a particular time . ' you both pleaded guilty but when you came back to be sentenced you wanted to vacate your plea because you said you were not guilty at all . ' you then turned up and entered a guilty plea but put forward a false basis . you have behaved not only in a dishonest way in the history of the case but before the court . ' jabreen , the judge said , had played a lesser role and had been encouraged by rafiq . 