david cameron took on church of england bishops yesterday after they questioned the morality of his austerity and welfare policies . in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ‘ trying to lift people up’ by making work pay and encouraging responsibility . ‘ just because some people have disagreed with our policies , does not mean those policies are missing in moral content , ’ he insisted . scroll down for video . trip with george : prime minister david cameron visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday . statement : in an easter message to christians , the prime minister insisted the coalition had spent five years ' trying to lift people up ' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility . his intervention came as another senior tory , chief whip michael gove , claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion . six weeks ago , the church provoked a row with ministers by publishing an unprecedented guide to how the country’s 30million christians should ‘ approach the general election’ . bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party , and criticised successive governments while calling for a ‘ fresh moral vision’ . but much of the 50-page document was widely interpreted as indirect criticism of the coalition’s welfare policies , which include a £26,000-a-year cap on household benefits , a new universal credit designed to ensure people are always better off in work and tough sanctions to prevent people languishing on jobless benefits . the bishops complained that welfare claimants were ‘ described in terms that imply they are undeserving , dependent and ought to be self-sufficient’ . they insisted it was ‘game-playing … to claim that anyone who cares about the impact of austerity on the most vulnerable members of society is… careless about the extent of national indebtedness’ . the archbishop of canterbury the most rev justin welby - pictured ahead of a service for the re-burial of richard iii at leicester cathedral last week - has seen the church of england come under fire from the pm . despite evidence that the best-off are paying more in tax than ever before , the bishops also complained that ‘ the greatest burdens of austerity have not been borne by those with the broadest shoulders’ . official treasury figures suggest that the richest 10 per cent of households are contributing most to deficit reduction . archbishop of york john sentamu blamed welfare cuts and ' poverty wages ' for rising inequality . speaking to premier christianity magazine , mr cameron said the ‘ values of the christian faith are the values on which our nation was built’ . ‘i’m an unapologetic supporter of the role of faith in this country . and for me , the key point is this : the values of easter and the christian religion – compassion , forgiveness , kindness , hard work and responsibility – are values that we can all celebrate and share , ’ he added . mr cameron conceded he was not a model christian and was ‘ a bit hazy on the finer points of our faith’ . ‘ but even so , in the toughest of times , my faith has helped me move on and drive forward . it also gives me a gentle reminder every once in a while about what really matters and how to be a better person , father and citizen , ’ he added . the prime minister said he had attempted to ‘ banish the notion that being in government means you can somehow wave a magic wand and solve all the world’s problems’ , and instead it was about ‘ the right judgement… based on clear values and beliefs’ . he said the government had inherited ‘ exceptional pressure on the national finances’ from labour , adding : ‘ i am proud that despite the pressure on public spending , we made clear choices to help the poorest paid and most vulnerable in society . ‘ we have increased nhs spending , despite the overriding need to deal with the deficit . we also raised the threshold of income tax to lift the poorest paid out of income tax altogether . ‘ more fundamentally , the core of our recovery programme – dealing with the deficit to restore confidence in our economy – is based on enduring ideas and principles : hard work , fair play , rewarding people for doing the right thing , and securing a better future for our children . ’ writing in the spectator magazine today , mr gove said that the popular image of christianity was at odds with the reality of churches across the country , which daily offered ‘ thousands of quiet kindnesses’ to those most in need . ‘ to call yourself a christian in contemporary britain is to invite pity , condescension or cool dismissal . ’ nick clegg is on course to lose his seat to labour , a poll suggested yesterday . a survey of voters in the lib dem leader’s sheffield hallam constituency put labour on 36 per cent of the vote compared with 34 per cent for the liberal democrats . prime minister 's wife : samantha cameron arrives for a visit to abbey court school in rainham , kent . samantha cameron yesterday visited a primary school in the seat of rochester and strood , held by former tory mark reckless , who defected to ukip and won a by-election last year . despite his victory , the conservatives are hopeful of recapturing the seat at the general election . reckless’s party ukip , meanwhile , has said 16 and 17-year-olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on membership of the european union . its deputy chairman claims children are being exposed to ‘propaganda’ from brussels in a bid to ‘ catch them young’ . suzanne evans said : ‘it’s everything there from colouring-in books on the common agricultural policy for primary schoolchildren right up to research projects at university level . ‘ the amount of money that the eu is putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous . ' overall the eu has an advertising budget that is larger than coca-cola . ’ it is thought the lib dems would demand 16 and 17-year-olds are given a say in any eu referendum as part of a post-election coalition deal .