a pound will buy you one and a half tins of beans , two packets of crisps – or an airport in spain . ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion – spain’s economy having taken off – but was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . the judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off , with an asking price of €100million ( £86million ) . scroll down for video . rubble : the control tower stands proudly above the waste . for sale : the airport will be sold off for just one pound . haunting : the terminal , where 5 million passengers should be passing through each year , is eerily empty . however , there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price , theolivepress.com reported . the new owners , will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt , though . the airport was designed to cater for spain 's booming economy to serve both city and coast via a high speed rail link . it was projected to take the overflow from madrid 's barajas airport , some 150 miles to the north , ciudad real 's flagship transport hub was to be a symbol of modern spain 's affluence . but sadly it has proved to be one of a number of many white elephants for the nation . for many months the only flights were those of private jets , reportedly including prince harry on his way to a boar hunt on land nearby owned by the duke of westminster . the airport was projected to take the overflow from madrid 's barajas airport , some 150 miles to the north . contrast : the high speed train , which was supposed to serve the airport , whizzes by as the airport stands redundant . a high speed train accelerates past the airport , which closed in 2012 . derelict : ciudad real 's airport was supposed to be a symbol of modern spain , but is now being left to rack and ruin . wasteland : the vast stretch of runway and massive area of landing surrounding it remain empty . but the last budget airline to operate from its terminals stopped flying in late 2011 and when the final private flights stopped a few months later , the airport shut up shop . since then , the 28,000 sq ft terminal lies empty , where 5million passengers should have been waiting to be whisked away each year . built in 2008 , it opened fully in 2009 at a total private cost of €1.1billion , and was intended to serve both madrid and the andaluscian coast , each accessible by train in 50 minutes . the socialist regional government spent millions propping up the venue , promoting the project with advertising campaigns and approving a €140million guarantee to keep it afloat . the socialist regional government spent millions propping up the venue . the 4,000 metre runway has to be continually painted with yellow crosses , so pilots flying over the airport will know they can not land there . the ghost airport is just one of several to be found across the country . in october 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by vueling . the airport remained open for another six months , the staff still being paid to deal with a handful of private arrivals . it finally closed in april 2012 , but even though it is now closed to air traffic , maintenance tasks still have to be carried out . the 4,000 metre runway has to be continually painted with yellow crosses , so pilots flying over the airport will know they can not land there . the ghost airport is just one of several to be found across the country . even worse is castellon 's , where no plane had ever landed or taken off before it was shut down . in october 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by vueling . in october 2011 , it saw its final commercial flight , by vueling . 