the age-old ghost town of balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone . circling the picturesque landscape , the camera picked out the castle on the hill and surrounding depreciated buildings . the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . scroll down for video . little is known about the origin or history of the ancient tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century a.d . residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago , with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment . a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the settlement’s infrastructure . dating back to the 11th century a.d. , the town was formerly owned by the benedictine abbey of san pietro dei monti in the 1100s . seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago . an earthquake in 1887 measured 6.7 on the richter scale and caused severe damage to the town’s infrastructure . a total of 800 inhabitants occupied the settlement , but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated from the area . a new town with the same name was built around a mile from its location and it 1953 the remaining population moved away from the settlement . today the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted . captured in the short drone footage is the picturesque castle that looks down on the hill-side buildings below . 800 inhabitants used to occupy the area but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated . the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted . some of the structures remain intact while others have walls crumbling as foliage grows on the roofs and from the many exposed crevices . the silence adds a further frightening dimension , with the only audible sounds coming from the drone’s propellers . the video concludes with a shot of the town from a distance , which perfectly captures the dark and empty windows as well as the grandeur of the castle in comparison to the other buildings . the drone captures the building 's dark and empty windows as well as the grandeur of the castle on the hill .