a woman armed with guns and hand grenades was shot dead as she tried to attack istanbul 's police headquarters on wednesday just a day after a deadly hostage situation in the city . a picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central aksaray neighbourhood . the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front ( dhkp-c ) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . it is not known who fired the fatal shots . scroll down for video . shot dead : a picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged . police hq : television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central aksaray neighbourhood . armed : the woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . local media said a man had also been detained . ' the istanbul police headquarters on vatan street was targeted by rifle fire and a female terrorist was killed in the clash , ' the istanbul governor 's office said in a statement today . the woman was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol , it said . local media said a man had also been detained . separately , police detained a gunman on wednesday who entered an istanbul branch of the ruling ak party and hung from its window a turkish flag with the emblem of a sword added . it was not immediately clear whether any of the attacks were linked , but prime minister ahmet davutoglu warned of the risk of ' provocations ' and attempts to cause chaos ahead of june 's national election . today , the grieving family of mr kiraz who died after being shot in the head and chest during yesterday 's courthouse siege wept over his coffin at his funeral . his coffin was covered with the turkish flag for his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul . turkish police secure the area in front of the istanbul police headquarters where an armed woman was shot dead . people react to the shooting of an armed woman in istanbul . she was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol . plain-clothed police officers block a street leading to the police headquarters in istanbul on wednesday april 1 . threat : the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front published disturbing photographs of the terrified prosecutor with a gun to his head on their official facebook page before he was shot . two of his captors were killed after security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . turkish authorities on wednesday detained 22 suspected members of the group in the southern city of antalya after receiving a tip-off they were planning further attacks , the dogan news agency reported . meanwhile hundreds of lawyers , prosecutors and staff stood in respect on every floor of the giant istanbul caglayan palace of justice where kiraz worked and the hostage drama unfolded . ' we will not forget you , our martyr , ' read a gigantic banner , as a huge turkish flag was hung from the top floor . the courthouse is to be renamed after kiraz . justice minister kenan ipek said the two members of the dhkp-c who took him hostage had ' held a gun to the nation ' . ' we do n't see this as an attack on our deceased prosecutor , but on the whole justice system , ' he said at a ceremony for mr kiraz . ' our state is powerful enough to track down those behind these lowlifes ... the fact these assassins are dead should n't put those nefarious and dark forces at ease . ' grief : the family of mehmet selim kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul , turkey . he died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . mourning : the coffin of the prosecutor was passed through the crowds of mourners gathered to pay their respects . he had been leading an investigation into the death of teenager berkin elvan , who died aged 15 . respects : turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu ( l ) , the son of killed prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz ( c ) and turkish national assembly president cemil cicek ( r ) stand by kiraz ' coffin in istanbul . gathering : prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of lady justice during the funeral ceremony . defiant : mourners at the funeral of kiraz hold a picture of the prosecutor high in tribute to the lawyer . mr kiraz , a father of two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan . the 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in istanbul in june 2013 . after spending 269 days in a coma , elvan eventually died on march 11 last year . his death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . police chief selami altınok said officers stormed the building on tuesday after hearing gunshots , and killed two of the gunmen . ' we carried out the negotiation for six hours . but our security forces launched the operation after gunshots were heard while terrorists were speaking on the phone during the negotiation , ' he said . critical : prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . shattered : the broken window of the room where prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz was held hostage and shot . the emergency began at 2.36pm local time ( 12.36 gmt ) when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed into the office of mr kiraz . images of a masked militant holding a gun to mr kiraz 's head were then posted on the group 's facebook page , along with a demand for police to confess on live tv within the hour . armed police rushed to the scene and were shown escorting court officials out of the building , but there was no sign of mr kiraz before the deadline arrived and live tv feeds were cut . shots were then heard from inside the building , according to the dogan news agency . in a statement published by turkish media , the hostage taking was claimed by the marxist revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , which has been behind a string of recent attacks . the group published pictures showing one of the militants - his face concealed by a scarf with the group 's red and yellow insignia - holding a gun to kiraz 's head . standing guard : members of security forces stand outside the main courthouse in istanbul during the siege . horror : the prosecutor was leading an investigation into the death of 15-year-old berkin elvan . protesters : turkish police use water cannons to disperse protesters who expressed support for an alleged militant member of the banned leftist group dhkp-c group who took turkish mehmet selim kiraz hostage . emergency : an ambulance leaves the courthouse after police storm the building . mr kiraz was taken to hospital where he died from his injuries . over : istanbul security chief selami altinok , centre-right , and deputy chief prosecutor orhan kapici speak to the media outside the main courthouse in istanbul at the end of the siege . they had also plastered their flags and posters on the walls of his office . turkish media said that the group had given a deadline of 3:36 pm ( 13.36 bst ) for the prosecutor to identify the police officers who they say were behind the killing of elvan or he would be shot . in a brief video message on a widely-followed twitter account describing itself as that of elvan 's family , his father appeared to call on the group not to harm the prosecutor . ' we want justice . we do n't want anyone to shed even a drop of blood . we do n't want other mothers to cry , ' sami elvan said . prime minister ahmet davutoglu met with the current and former interior and justice ministers at the ruling ak party headquarters in ankara to discuss the hostage taking , officials in his office said . gunshots : according to the dogan news agency , gunshots were heard from inside the building after the militant group 's deadline passed . demands : the group were demanding that mr kiraz name the policemen implicated in mr elvan 's death , which has become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . the dhkp-c said on its website it wanted the police officer it blames for elvan 's death to ' confess ' on television , the officers involved to be tried in ' people 's courts ' , and charges against those who attended protests for elvan to be dropped . the dhkp-c blames the ruling ak party for the killing of teenager elvan . he was aged 15 at the time of his death , which was followed by mass nationwide protests that were also largely put down by the police . elvan has since become an icon for the turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . the united states , european union and turkey list the dhkp-c as a terrorist organisation . it was behind a suicide bombing at the u.s. embassy in 2013 . in 2001 , two policemen and an australian tourist died in a dhkp-c attack in central istanbul . innocent : berkin was on his way to buy bread during anti-government street protests when he was struck in the head by a high-velocity gas canister . strength of feeling : elvan has since become an icon for the turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death .