acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol . painkillers not only dull physical pain , but they can also dull your emotions . this is according to a new study that claims acetaminophen ( paracetamol ) - the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol - has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness . acetaminophen has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered . previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain . this study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions , said geoffrey durso , lead author at the ohio state university . ' this means that using tylenol or similar products might have broader consequences than previously thought , ' durso said . ' rather than just being a pain reliever , acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever . ' baldwin way , an assistant professor of psychology at ohio state university said people in the study who took the pain reliever did n't appear to know they were reacting differently . ' most people probably are n't aware of how their emotions may be impacted when they take acetaminophen , ' he said . there were two studies of college students . the first involved 82 participants , half of whom took an acute dose of 1000 milligrams of acetaminophen and half who took an identical-looking placebo . they then waited 60 minutes for the drug to take effect . participants then viewed 40 photographs selected from a database used by researchers around the world to elicit emotional responses . the photographs ranged from the extremely unpleasant , to the neutral and the very pleasant . after viewing each photo , participants were asked to rate how positive or negative the photo was on a scale of -5 ( extremely negative ) to +5 ( extremely positive ) . results showed that participants who took acetaminophen rated all the photographs less extremely than did those who took the placebo . the researchers do n't know if other pain relievers such as ibuprofen and aspirin have the same effect , although they plan on finding out in future research . they then viewed the same photos again and were asked to rate how much the photo made them feel an emotional reaction . researchers are not exactly sure how ty . the researchers do n't know if other pain relievers such as ibuprofen and aspirin have the same effect , although they plan on studying that question . acetaminophen , unlike many other pain relievers , is not a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug , or nsaid . that means it not thought to control inflammation in the body . whether that fact has any relevance to possible emotional effects of the drugs is still an open question , the researchers added . in this study , acetaminophen may have tapped into the sensitivity that makes some people react differently to both positive and negative life events . ' there is accumulating evidence that some people are more sensitive to big life events of all kinds , rather than just vulnerable to bad events , ' durso said . results showed that participants who took acetaminophen rated all the photographs less extremely than did those who took the placebo . ' people who took acetaminophen did n't feel the same highs or lows as did the people who took placebos , ' way said . one possibility is that acetaminophen changes how people judge magnitude . scientists claim acetaminophen may blunt individuals ' broader judgments of everything , not just things having emotional content . the researchers did a second study in which they had 85 people view the same photos and make the same judgments of evaluation and emotional reactions as in the prior study . participants in this second study also reported how much blue they saw in each photo . once again , individuals who took acetaminophen had emotional reactions to both negative and positive photographs that were significantly blunted . but judgments of blue colour content were similar regardless of whether the participants took acetaminophen or not . at this point , the researchers do n't know if other pain relievers such as ibuprofen and aspirin have the same effect , although they plan on studying that question . acetaminophen , unlike many other pain relievers , is not a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug , or nsaid . that means it not thought to control inflammation in the body . whether that fact has any relevance to possible emotional effects of the drugs is still an open question , the researchers added . in this study , acetaminophen may have tapped into the sensitivity that makes some people react differently to both positive and negative life events . ' there is accumulating evidence that some people are more sensitive to big life events of all kinds , rather than just vulnerable to bad events , ' durso said .