ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend . fears of another season of domination from mercedes were blown away by a shock , yet deserved victory for sebastian vettel last time out in malaysia . it was the maranello marque 's first success for almost two years and at least offered hope to neutrals that reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg will not have it all their own way . sebastian vettel won the second race of the season with victory in malaysia last month . vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia . in searing heat and high track temperatures the ferraris of vettel and kimi raikkonen were far kinder on their tyres , stopping only twice compared to the three trips to the pits for hamilton and rosberg . this weekend 's race at the shanghai international circuit , however , should favour mercedes given the cooler climes than that of sepang . allison is certainly not expecting back-to-back ferrari wins and said : ' our car has a pretty decent cooling package . ' that allowed us to operate in the fierce temperatures like we experienced in malaysia without having to open up the car . ' the track was also rough and hot , which is hard for tyres , and we 're fortunate the car goes well on its tyres . hamilton celebrates his win in australia . ' quite what problems were going on in merc-land i do n't know . ' but i 'm fairly sure we will have our work cut out in china to do as impressive a job as we did in malaysia . ' as to whether ferrari can stay the course with mercedes and provide a season-long challenge , for now that is too difficult to determine . ' i do n't know about that . i 'll tell you at the end of the season , ' remarked allison with a smile . ' in melbourne ( the season-opening australian grand prix ) mercedes were very , very dominant , and we were better than we looked . ' even in free air we would n't have held a candle to them there . ' there is a lot of work for us to do before we can head into every race weekend confident we can hunt for the victory from the first session of that weekend . ' but we do have a fairly exciting development plan , and we 've a lot of performance to bring . ' it should at least be an interesting season to see if we can close that gap so we are genuine contenders at any weekend . ' crucially , and what may yet be a determining factor , allison added : ' normally over the course of a season being kind to your tyres is the best thing you can be . ' 