a senior secret service supervisor has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with xavier morales , her boss , in a washington , d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . after the two employees returned to the office from the party , morales , 48 , tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted , according to two people briefed on her statement . secret service supervisor xavier morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . the woman alleged that morales did not relent until after a brief struggle , according to the washington post . the party , held on march 31 at the capitol city brewing company , was being thrown in morales ' honor to celebrate his recent assignment to head the louisville secret service field office . morales , who was a manager in the agency 's security clearance division , was due to start his new position this week . instead , he had to turn in his gun and badge and had his security clearance suspended after secret service internal investigators began a preliminary review and conducted interviews in regards to the female agent 's complaint , according to agency spokesman brian leary . secret service director joseph p. clancy released a statement to the washington post saying the ' allegations as reported are very disturbing ' . ' the secret service is an agency that demands that our employees conduct themselves with the highest level of integrity , ' he said . ' any threats or violence that endangers our employees in the workplace is unacceptable and will not be tolerated . ' clancy had his investigators refer the case to the department of homeland security 's inspector general , due to morales ' high rank . d.c. police have also been contacted due to the criminal nature of the allegations . the incident has come barely a month after two secret service employees crashed a government car into a white house barricade after drinking at an agency retirement party nearby . morales , who is married to a longtime special agent , was responsible for determining which agents should lose their security clearance or jobs because of misconduct or other reason . the new position he was meant to start this week is considered a major stepping stone within the agency . the female agent ( not pictured ) alleged she was attending a party with morales ( pictured at a hispanic american police command officers association event ) when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex .