a married couple who thought they would never be able to have children are celebrating after welcoming triplets - born three years apart thanks to ivf . denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment . but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago . louise and glen higgs with daughter mazy , aged three and newborns carson alan ( left ) and carter joel ( right ) . the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . former raf fireman glen said : ' medical staff have told us our three children are triplets as they are all from the batch of embryos that were created at the same time . ' it is crazy really - seeing as there are three-and-half years between them in age . ' glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . he met dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of ivf treatment . carter joel higgs ( white top ) and carson alan higgs ( blue top ) who were born on march 24 2015 weighing 5lb 12oz and 5lb 5oz , with ivf triplet sister mazy linda higgs , aged three . glen said : ' i had an unusual tumour growing within the testicle . after all my treatment , they tested my sperm and they were non-swimmers . ' i knew then that if i ever wanted to have children i would have to go through ivf . ' i had always wanted kids and first went through the process with dee in 2010 . we got funding for the first try and got lucky when mazy was born . ' glen , now a manager at a filter-making factory , said : ' we then just had to wait and see if it attaches okay . we ended up having eight embryos . ' we put two in to attempt to have a child the first time and froze the other six . ' we were talking about getting rid of them - as we were paying a yearly storage fee - but decided to try again . we had to fund it ourselves this time and put two in again . ' amazingly they both stuck and we have ended up with two more beautiful babies . ' i always wanted to have kids and am a big family man . the process we went through was hard but we could not have asked more from the final outcome . ' i am the happiest man ever . i have three healthy kids when i thought i would never have any . one we thought would be amazing - to have three is an unbelievable gift . ' what my wife and her body had to go through makes her the real hero to me . ' glen , 35 , had always wanted to have children and decided to store sperm shortly before his testicular cancer treatment at the age of 20 made him infertile . he met dee and , after living together for five years , tied the knot in 2011 before embarking on a course of ivf treatment : carter joel higgs ( white top ) and carson alan higgs ( blue top ) . the ivf procedure involved doctors effectively ' hoovering ' the eggs from of dee 's body and injecting them with the frozen sperm . care assistant denise , 27 , said : ' when i heard i was having twins i cried and my husband just went white . to now have triplets is simply amazing . in the uk , one in every three thousand births is to triplets . approximately 15 per cent of ' multiples ' are born thanks to ivf . source : twinsuk . ' we were so happy though . it has been a huge change in our lives but we have just learnt to adapt . ' going through ivf is one of the hardest things you ever have to go through as a woman . ' the whole process is horrendous , but as we have proved it does actually work . ' there are so many injections and medication and it can be very undignified at times . i did get very emotional at times but i have no regrets at all about doing it . ' i could not be happier with what we have been left with . ' the couple have now disposed of the remaining embryos and have no plans to have any more children . 