veteran burnley defender michael duff believes manager sean dyche could one day take charge of england . dyche , 43 , has a growing reputation having overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at turf moor in october 2012 . the former chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites ' tag to lead the clarets to an unlikely promotion from the championship to the top flight last season . burnley veteran defender michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday . duff has backed his manager sean dyche to one day take charge of the england team . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united . this term they are attempting to defy the odds again and with eight games remaining they have a fighting chance of survival in the barclays premier league . burnley are next in action on sunday when they host tottenham . duff , 37 , said : ' he has been first class . i 've learned a lot from him , little things he does , and i think he will go on to be a top manager . ' hopefully he will stay here a bit longer and ( burnley will ) achieve some more with him . i can not see why somebody will not give him an opportunity from what he has done here . ' asked if he would be surprised if former watford boss dyche ever managed england , duff said : ' no , in a word , having worked with him and the way he gets the best out of players . ' most of our players have played the majority of their careers in the championship or lower than that and we are competing against multi , multi-million pound squads and we are alive and kicking . ' so , he has managed to get the best out of us . if he can do that at a higher level , why not ? ' duff has hopes of following dyche into management himself after retirement . the former northern ireland international still intends to prolong a career that has seen him play in the country 's top-eight tiers with cheltenham and burnley , but he has firm plans for life beyond it . he said : ' i 've done my pro licence and i want to stay in football after i 've finished playing . ' i have no plans to stop playing at the minute . i still love getting up for training in the morning . it 's not a bad job running around chasing after a football . ' but you look at the game differently when you get to my age . the pro licence is nearly all based on management , so you look at sessions differently , look at the manager 's presentations - and this one is n't a bad manager to learn from . ' dyche has improved burnley 's fortunes since he took over at turf moor in october 2012 . the high point of burnley 's season , so far , is the 1-0 defeat of defending champions manchester city .