an ancient statue of the wife of china 's first ruler is damaged - after tourists kept rubbing the woman 's exposed breast . officials have complained the bronze sculpture of yu the great 's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers constantly fondling the artwork , reports the people 's daily . the statue , which stands in a gardens in wuhan , the capital city of central china’s hubei province , is to honour yu the great , who founded china 's first dynasty in 2070 bc . officials in wuhan , the capital city of central china’s hubei province , have accused tourists of damaging a statue of the country 's first leader and his wife by fondling the woman 's exposed breast . the sculpture , which has been in place for ten years , depicts yu the great , the founder of china 's first xia dynasty in 2070 bc , meeting his wife . legend says that yu and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox that lead them to one another . the bronze tells the story of how the leader met his wife , after the couple were supposedly brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox . over the decade that the statue has been in place , people have been touching the hand of yu the great , the fox 's back , and wife 's chest . while the rest of the statue is black , the colour of the coating applied to protect the metal , the parts that have been touched have worn away to expose the metal underneath . over the years tourists have kept touching yu 's hand , the fox 's back , and his wife 's exposed breast - leading to them becoming worn . while the rest of the metallic sculpture is black , the colour of the protective layer which coats the statue , the fox , hand and breast have become worn , exposing the metal underneath . locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture , but admit the behaviour is unlikey to change . yu the great is thought to have lived between 2,200–2,100 bce , and is credited with uniting the nine early provinces of china . while little is known about his rule , as his predates the earliest written records by nearly a millennium , he is credited with building an immense system of flood defences in central china . these helped to bring prosperity and stability to the volatile region , and so impressed another emperor that he named yu as his heir , rather than his own son .