a white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives , he told the court during his first appearance on tuesday . ' doing time 's the easy part , you know what i 'm saying ? ' kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach , florida . he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike . he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach . he will be extradited back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder . scroll down for video . in court : kenneth stancil , pictured in court on tuesday , said he ' ridded one last child molester from the earth ' as he appeared before the judge in daytona beach , florida . he is accused of killing his former boss . outspoken : even though he was advised of his right to remain silent , he reportedly admitted to the killing . on tuesday , he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and , despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent , he admitted to the killing , wral reported . he confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ' ridded one last child molester from the earth ' , according to the station . he said lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until stancil was fired last month , had been ' messing with ' one of stancil 's family members . stancil did not file a report about the alleged molestation with local authorities , according to the wayne county sheriff 's office . after stancil was denied bond , he told the judge he did not blame him for the decision , and he was assigned a public defender . the 20-year-old had been a work-study student who reported to lane , but he was dismissed from the program in march because of too many absences , according to the college . arrested : stancil , left , shot dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane , right . the student , who was close to completing his three-year welding course with top marks , was dismissed from his job last month . by his side : stancil 's mother debbie , pictured at his graduation , said lane had made unwanted sexual comments towards her son , but she denied her son 's claim that lane had abused a young relative . tragedy : lane is pictured right with his long-term boyfriend , chuck tobin , who took his life last year . police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime . authorities would not elaborate but they confirmed lane was gay . they are also investigating stancil 's possible links with white supremacist groups . on facebook , he describes his interests as ' white pride ' and calls himself the ' white knight ' . he also has multiple white supremacist tattoos across his body , including ' brother hood'across his neck and '88 ' beneath his eye . the number eight represents the eighth letter in the alphabet - h - and so is 88 understood to stand for ' heil hitler ' . but his mother has claimed her son 's tattoos marked a wannabe rather than someone with neo-nazi beliefs . lane had worked at the college for 18 years . his boyfriend of 12 years , chuck tobin , took his life last july after leaving their home and his remains were found in november . stancil 's mother , debbie , has claimed that lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that he had ' made inappropriate sexual advances toward ' him . remembered : students gather at a memorial at wayne community college for ron lane on tuesday . memorial : flowers are seen at a makeshift memorial for lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years . ' he was verbally inappropriate with [ him [ at school . very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ' he would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' but she said she knows the relative was not sexually abused by lane , as stancil claimed in court , because the child and lane had never met . she said she believes her son made the accusations because he is ' rattled and confused ' . she also said that her son never recovered after finding his father in the backyard when he had killed himself in 2009 , and said he was angry after being dismissed from his campus job . ' he had a moment of insanity , ' she told the associated press . ' i do n't know . he just snapped . that is not my son . he 's probably out of his mind . i think he needs mental help . ' stancil had no criminal record before the shooting . take over : a military style swat vehicle from the johnston county sheriff 's office arrived at the college after the 8am shooting on monday . it is believed that stancil targeted lane before fleeing the building . evacuated : students were seen congregating in the college parking lot on monday morning . swoop : authorities enter the home stancil shares with his mother and two younger brothers on monday . he was on the school 's dean 's list with a grade point average of 3.6 or better and due to graduate in july with a degree in welding technology , the school said . he was a boy scout who wrote in the letter he left explaining his deed that he still hoped to marry his girlfriend , his mother said . after fleeing the scene on monday , stancil was arrested at 1.20 am on tuesday in daytona beach , florida as a massive manhunt continued in north carolina . he was taken into custody after deputies from the volusia county beach patrol approached him for violating an ordinance that prohibits sleeping on the beach . ' i can say with confidence that mr. stancil had a calculated plan , and he carried out that plan , ' goldsboro police sergeant jeremy sutton said during a tuesday news conference .