first impressions are not necessarily the best . when adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 , graeme swann branded him a ‘ walking wicket’ . ‘ but then , ’ swann added . ‘ he proved us all wrong . ’ lyth , one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean , hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132 . wisden later called him ‘ the find of the season’ . yorkshire 's adam lyth fields during day three of the champion county match against the mcc . now he finds himself competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook’s opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13 . it has been quite a rise . ‘ i was over the moon when i was told about my selection , ’ he told sportsmail . ‘ i can’t wait to get going . ’ the story of lyth’s ascent , from a talented but inconsistent left-hander to the ballast behind yorkshire’s charge to the championship last season is one of grit , nous and no little skill . he finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards . in fact , much of the hard work had been done before the season began , prompted by a moderate 2013 which forced him to work on his concentration levels . yorkshire’s sports psychologist scott hartley came up with the idea of harnessing lyth’s love of golf — his handicap is eight — to get him holing one short putt after another . the challenge lay not in the task itself , but in its repetition . ‘there’s no skill in sinking a two-foot putt , ’ said lyth . ‘it’s just about concentration . it’s a bit like batting and not giving your wicket away . you try not to do something silly . ’ after 213 successful putts , he missed . but the point had been made . lyth set about 2014 with renewed focus . ‘ it wasn’t just the concentration side of the game — my confidence changed , too , ’ he said . ‘ i got runs early on against the university sides , then played well at taunton . it just snowballed from there . ’ lyth plays a shot while batting for yorkshire against the mcc at the sheik zayed stadium last month . at a time when england’s test batsmen have lost the knack of scoring the ‘ daddy hundreds’ once espoused by former batting coach graham gooch , lyth’s remorselessness caught the selectors’ eye . he made 230 at northampton , putting on 375 for the first wicket with the highly rated alex lees , then 251 against lancashire at old trafford , one short of darren lehmann’s roses record . ‘ one of my things is that i’ve never got enough runs , ’ said lyth . ‘ if you’re going to get a hundred , you may as well make it a big one . ’ lyth’s dedication has been evident for years . his mum christine would drive him from game to game in his teenage years , and he spent two seasons trialling as a midfielder with manchester city before deciding to throw in his lot with cricket ( his brother ashley played for leicester and scarborough ) . and his reluctance to talk about his footballing days tells of a man who wants to be judged by his run-making alone . when he phoned his mum to tell her about his selection , she was ‘ very emotional’ . lyth bowls during day three of the champion county match against the mcc . as the home summer got under way with six university fixtures across the country , it was easy to forget that the first-class season actually began late last month in the middle east . and , in the now annual fixture in abu dhabi between mcc and the champion county , lyth made 113 and 46 not out as yorkshire won by nine wickets . watching on was cook , who will have a big say in whether he walks out to bat in antigua with lyth or trott , ready to play again after leaving the ashes tour in november 2013 because of a stress-related condition . lyth is suitably complimentary about a player with 49 test caps to his name and an average pushing 47 . ‘ he deserves his recall . he had a fantastic summer with warwickshire and showed his class in south africa with the lions . ‘it’ll be very hard to keep the likes of him out of the side . i’ve just got to concentrate on myself and impress in the nets . ’ the putting green may get a visit , too . lyth is congratulated by team-mate alex lees ( right ) after taking the wicket of michael carberry . 