a 13-year-old girl has been gunned down by isis snipers in the syrian capital of damascus as she tried to flee a militant-held area of the city , according to reports . the teenager , identified as zeynab daghastani , was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the al-yarmouk camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of yalda . zeynab was shot dead on the evening of april 7 last week according to a worker at the jafra foundation , an aid organisation working in the area . zeynab daghastani , 13 , was reportedly gunned down by isis snipers in al-yarmouk camp , on the outskirts of damascus , as she fled the militants ( pictured , islamic state fighters as they captured the camp ten days ago ) . according to relief workers in the area , zeynab was killed on tuesday as she tried to make her way from yarmouk to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the syrian army ( pictured , isis fighters in yarmouk ) . the worker , named only as nina , also revealed that activists and relief workers were also being targeted by isis , according to the ibtimes . nina told the publication that she had got the information from aknaf bait al-maqdis , a palestinian rebel group who are trying to recapture yarmouk from isis . thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since the area fell under isis control on april 4 , leaving 200 people dead in seven days , including children who were slaughtered in front of their parents . around 160,000 palestinians used to live in yarmouk , just a few miles from the palace of president bashar al-assad , but many fled after his regime began bombing the neighbourhood in 2012 during the arab spring uprisings . the district was soon surrounded and food , water , and electricity supplies were all cut off , with around 18,000 residents still trapped inside . around 18,000 palestinians have been under siege in yarmouk since 2012 , before isis fighters moved in earlier this month . since then thousands more have fled , while many who remained have been killed . those who have managed to escape yarmouk since isis captured it have told of militants playing football in the streets with severed heads , and children killed in front of their families . the plight of those in yarmouk was brought to international attention in february last year when the united nations relief and works agency finally managed to bring much-needed aid to the area . hundreds of civilians were pictured packing the bombed-out streets , desperately trying to get their hands on and food available . it was estimated that , before the un workers arrived , the average resident of yarmouk was living on 400 calories a day , less than a quarter of the daily recommended amount . it was reported at the time that some had taken to eating stray cats and dogs in desperation , all while being shelled and bombed by assad 's troops . their situation became even more dire at the start of this month when isis stormed the camp . around 2,500 people managed to flee before the assault took place , but many were left behind , trapped when isis posted snipers in the tallest buildings surrounding the southern neighbourhoods . the plight of those trapped in yarmouk came to light in february last year when un aid workers were allowed in after years of siege conditions , and hundreds flooded the streets in search of food . since isis seized control of around 70 per cent of the yarmouk camp , tales of their barbarity have leaked out as other palestinians managed to escape their clutches . amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he found islamic state troops playing football with the severed head of a palestinian rebel fighter they had executed . the teenager said he stumbled upon the scene after being beaten unconscious by fanatics hunting for his brother , a resistance fighter . when he woke up he walked outside his home and found the gruesome scene taking place . other residents have also told of the fighters ' barbarity . abdel fatah , 55 , said : ' i saw severed heads . they killed children in front of their parents . we were terrorised . ' we had heard of their cruelty from the television , but when we saw it ourselves ... i can tell you , their reputation is well-deserved . '