john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend . instead , he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction . police arrested truong 's sister alyssa chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother , with the child 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen . authorities say chang and nguyen incapacitated the child 's mother at her home in des moines , washington , bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home in fife . chang and the grandmother then took off the the toddler , leaving the mother locked in a cupboard . an amber alert was issued for the boy tuesday night , after the mother managed to escape and find help . scroll down for video . babysitting : john truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old ronnie tran ( pictured ) on tuesday . he says his sister dropped off the boy , saying the toddler was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to go on a date night . that same night , truong says his sister asked him to babysit the toddler he had never met before , saying it was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to go out on a date night . she promised to pick up the boy in the morning , but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother 's messages . it was n't until the next day that truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an amber alert on online . ' i 'm eating my breakfast , i 'm checking my facebook , all of a sudden i see this amber alert for this child , ' truong recounted to komo . ' and it looks like this child in my bed , and i 'm like , `` oh my god ! what 's going on ? '' ' truong then called police to report that he was watching the boy , who they found safe , sound an unhurt at his home . safe and sound : truong was reading facebook in the morning when he realized that ronnie had been abducted from his mother . he then called police , and they picked up the boy ( above ) . truong 's sister alyssa chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping . he says the boy appeared fine the night before , enjoying a quiet night in watching movies and eating popcorn . ' he was a great kid . he did n't cry much or anything . he enjoyed my dog 's company and my children 's company , ' tuong said . truong says he was completely taken aback by his sister 's arrest in the bizarre kidnapping . ' i feel like she was just helping her boyfriend out and just got into this horrible situation , ' he said . ' we 're family people , this is definitely not like this . honestly i 'm at a loss for words right now . it 's just crazy . ' in the aftermath of the incident , chang was arrested on charges of kidnapping , assault and unlawful imprisonment and is being held on $ 250,000 bail . nguyen later turned herself into police and was questioned for several hours . detectives have yet to reveal a motive for the crime . ' our detectives are currently investigating this case , ' said sgt mike graddon of the des moines police told king 5 . ' it 's very , very complex , and that is all the information we have at this point , but ronnie has been found . '