the man in the mask is back . but it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect cesc fabregas from what could be a quite hateful reception when he takes his first steps at the emirates stadium since he left to join barcelona . that 2011 move was seen and widely accepted - externally - as the prodigal son going home . this next fixture is seen by some as the return of a player who rejected a second coming at arsenal in favour of chelsea . he will surely win the league , having already won the capital one cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ? what of the line of communication he once had with arsene wenger ? cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011 . the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend . fabregas joined arsenal as a teenager ( left ) before returning to the premier league with chelsea ( right ) . arsenal boss arsene wenger speaks to a young fabregas after snatching him away from barcelona in 2004 . it has been suggested they have not spoken since fabregas made the summer move that got so many backs up . there is nothing terribly unusual in that except they used to be so close , to the extent that wenger continued to text fabregas on birthdays and career milestones while he was at barcelona . ‘ he hasn’t spoken to me since i came back , ’ fabregas was quoted as saying in september . ‘ it was the kind of relationship i always would have liked to keep . ‘ but i 'm sure once everything dies down a bit in the future we will talk . there is no problem . i 'll always be grateful to him whatever happens . ’ except there is still believed to be only silence from the man he once called his ‘ second father’ . and for the first time , the fabregas narrative is something less than delightfully romantic . until now he had followed a largely clean script . he was the boy who attended his first barca match as a nine-month-old baby with his grandfather . the tale of how he came to be their player 10 years later is wonderful . the story goes that he was playing for mataro , 35km north of barcelona . rodolfo borrell used to search the surrounding areas for young players for barca’s under 11s side and one day watched fabregas’s team . nothing to report . when he came back , two months later in september 1997 , he saw a midfielder he simply needed to sign . gunners legend dennis bergkamp watches on as fabregas plays a pass during training early in his career . fabregas ' only piece of major silverware with arsenal was winning the 2005 fa cup against man united . former captain thierry henry ( right ) helped fabregas come through the ranks at arsenal . fabregas impressed by scoring against juventus as arsenal reached the 2006 champions league final . the spaniard is involved in a scuffle with his future club during the 2007 carling cup final . ‘ i went to see them play again and suddenly i saw this one player who was simply wonderful , ’ he told the bbc . ‘ they told me he was called cesc fabregas and he was one year younger than the rest . he was good at running with the ball , had a fantastic pass over short , medium and long distances . he was very mature for his age and had all the attributes we were looking for at barcelona at that time . ‘ at half-time , i asked the coach why i had not seen this kid before . he admitted that , when he saw me coming , he had decided not to play him because he knew that if i saw him i would take him . ’ he ultimately became part of a group that included lionel messi , coming through the ranks . his idol was pep guardiola and when fabregas’s parents divorced in 2001 , guardiola handed him a signed shirt with the message : ‘ one day , you will be the number four of barcelona . ’ wenger bestows his wisdom on a young fabregas during a training session at london colney in 2008 . fabregas celebrates a a goal with former arsenal team-mates emmanuel adebayor ( left ) and tomas rosicky . fabregas holds aloft the trophy after winning the the 2008 european championships with spain . fabregas lifts the emirates cup after winning the pre-season tournament with arsenal in 2009 . fabregas trains with another arsenal star to leave the emirates , robin van persie , in 2010 . the arsenal playmaker scores a penalty against braga in the champions league in 2010 . alas , he left for arsenal in 2003 having not been picked for a single first-team game . by the time he returned in 2011 , he had become arsenal’s youngest first-team player , their captain and a european championship and world cup winner with spain . in 2005 , aged 18 and with 60 first-team games already played , he told the independent : ‘ i will always be a fan of barcelona . but arsenal gave me an opportunity . it 's like you are standing at a station and there 's a train that you must take . it 's the opportunity of your life . ‘ at barcelona , i was playing for the under 16s . here , they gave me the opportunity to play for the reserves straight away , soon the carling cup . it gave me the motivation that i needed . now i want to improve , get more mature , get more experience . ’ fabregas celebrates with spain team-mate david villa en route to wining the 2010 world cup in south africa . spain team-mates attempt to engineer a move to barcelona by pulling a club shirt over fabregas in 2010 . fabregas walks off dejected after arsenal crash out to his boyhood club barca in the 2011 champions league . the midfielder 's relationship with mentor wenger became strained after he left arsenal in 2011 . six years on from that interview , he detailed his relationship with the club and wenger as he explained why he was joining guardiola’s barcelona . ‘ i only won one fa cup really , and this is the biggest regret i will have in my career , probably , not to be able to lift a trophy as arsenal captain , ’ he said . ‘ i will always be an arsenal fan because what they have done for me is unbelievable and i will never forget it . ‘ wenger is a special person to me . he 'll always be a second father to me . i think if arsenal want to keep being the club they are then they have to always be under his control , because he 's the best , everyone respects him , and for me , he will always be the best person that i 've met in football . ‘ i 'll never be able to find the words to express my thanks for what he did for me . ’ fabregas is given a hero 's welcome on his return home to the nou camp with barcelona . lionel messi ( right ) celebrates with fabregas after scoring his first goal for barcelona in 2011 . fabregas scored against italy in the group stages as spain went on to win the 2012 european championship . fabregas gets involved in a row with chelsea stars as barcelona are sent out of the 2012 champions league . spain stars andres iniesta ( left ) , fernando torres ( centre ) and fabregas crash out of the 2014 world cup . by that point , it would be hard to blame the rationale in wanting a move to barcelona , but staff at arsenal were disappointed in how the switch was pushed through . what followed was a three-season spell that has , perhaps , been unfairly characterised . the suggestion is that he under-performed at barca , which in part is the fault of the club itself . upon leaving last summer , the club , oddly , flagged up in an official statement that he tends to flag in the second half of seasons . they were right , as this campaign has proved , but it was unusual for a club to say so much . in any case , he won la liga , copa del rey and club world cup winners’ medals and in his second season , only victor valdes had more la liga starts . it was not exceptional , though , and last summer came the chance to leave , bringing with it much of the confusion that still surrounds the midfielder . wenger himself gave the impression that there is more to know about the circumstances behind the move to chelsea , saying on thursday : ‘ we will have to discuss that one day . with all the terms . ’ the 27-year-old celebrates scoring against stoke in his debut season at stamford bridge . fabregas played against his former club with chelsea for the first time in october 2014 . fabregas still keeps in touch with arsenal legend henry , with the pair attending a nba game in london . fabregas celebrates scoring the only goal against local rivals qpr at loftus road earlier this month . fabregas wears a protective mask as chelsea defeat manchester united to close in on the 2015 title . sport analysts bsports are predicting a tight match , with arsenal slight favourites to beat chelsea . fabregas said in a statement last summer that arsenal ‘decided’ not to trigger an option they held to re-sign him . wenger has previously claimed that by the time he knew fabregas was available a deal with chelsea was almost done . it is interesting to wonder how much from either side is pr and how much is genuine . did either side really want the other ? at the very least fabregas will likely endure a tough afternoon under his mask on sunday . he might soon have that league title he craved , but it will not have come without some significant losses .