a pair of three-month-old baby gorillas have made their debut at the bronx zoo after being delivered just 48 hours apart back in january . the western lowland gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi , who are both 16 years old . pictured riding around on their mother 's backs , or cuddling up in their arms , the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure , including ernie , 32 , who is father to them both . scroll down for video . helping hand : the babies were born to mothers layla and kumi on january 17 and 19 , but keepers do n't know either of their genders yet , and so they have n't been named . baby steps : two three-month-old western lowland gorillas have been pictured for the first time at the bronx zoo since they were born less than 48 hours apart back in january . despite being born back in january , keepers at bronx zoo have yet to learn either of the babies ' genders , and so neither of them have been named yet . but that has not stopped them from winning over crowds at the zoo as they explore their new home . because of their young age , they are not always on display for visitors , with appearances depending on conditions such as temperature and weather . the eldest of the pair was delivered on january 17 this year , while the younger arrived just 48 hours later , much to the excitement of animal keepers . while they weighed just 4lb at birth , they will eventually grow to weigh more than 400lb as adults . the new babies are joined by two other youngsters who were born earlier in 2014 . fitting in : the two new youngsters join another pair of gorillas that were born earlier in 2014 , along with 13 adults in the zoo's congo gorilla forest exhibit . having a cuddle : while the babies have different mothers , they share a father , 32-year-old ernie who was nowhere to be seen in these pictures . the western lowland gorilla is an endangered species in the wild , but while exact numbers are not known because of their remote habitats , they are believed to be more common than mountain gorillas . lowland gorillas can be distinguished by their slightly brown coat and long arms , and usually live in communities of around 30 . the group will be lead by one dominant male , the alpha , sometimes called the silverback because of the shock of silver hair which usually covers his shoulders . thanks largely to disease and destruction of habitat , the numbers of western lowland gorillas living in the wild have dropped by 60 per cent in the last 20 to 25 years , making zoo conservation efforts all the more vital . surviving : while the western lowlands gorilla is thought to be among the most common gorillas in the wild , they are still an endangered species , making programs like this important to ensure their survival . 