bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon . the tornado took place at about 2:45pm near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage , the weather channel reported . scroll down for video . rainy : thunderstorms were predicted to take place in many parts of the country on thursday night . storms : friday 's weather may see storms in a number of major cities , including dallas and houston . inclement weather : severe storms may strike several southern states and along the gulf coast on saturday . havoc : a car was seen destroyed and tree branches were knocked down in miami after a thursday storm . let 's play ball ! new york yankees ' chase headley hits a two-run single as snow falls during the first inning of a baseball game against the detroit tigers on wednesday ... during the snow . snow pitch : david price of the detroit tigers played in the snow on wednesday . bundle up ! ian kinsler of the detroit tigers is seen during a wednesday game . colorado also saw two tornadoes on thursday , both of which took place shortly before 6pm , according to nbc news . on thursday evening , thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states , including in parts of south dakota , nebraska , kansas , and texas , the weather channel reported . according to the news outlet , severe thunderstorms may take place in several states friday and affect metropolitan areas , namely wichita , kansas city , missouri , oklahoma city , along with dallas , houston , and san antonio . for saturday , the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike nashville , memphis , atlanta , tallahassee , jacksonville , new orleans , and jackson . for sunday , thunderstorms may occur in kansas , texas , and oklahoma , the channel said . winds , tornadoes , and hail were forecast to be potential issues from friday through sunday by the news outlet - with flash floods as an potential issue on monday . chilly weather : janice kennedy walks through a snow shower thursday , april 23 , 2015 , as she headed to work at the albion pharmacy in downtown albion , pennsylvania . springtime snow : don spann holds an umbrella over mary lou willis as she photographs the snowfall on the flower-covered trees in rolland moore park last thursday , april 16 , 2015 , in fort collins , colorado . do n't freeze up ! snow falls on flowers shortly after the arrival of a spring storm , in boulder , colorado , thursday , april 16 , 2015 . dan kottlowski , a meteorologist for accuweather , told the website ' it really will not be until the end of the week that severe weather really ramps up and a significant outbreak could occur as the main storm system moves out from the southwest . ' he also said ' the most likely area for the storms to fire first on friday is west of the i-35 corridor in texas , oklahoma and kansas . ' the forecasts come after snow hit several states - including ohio , new york , minnesota , wisconsin and michigan - earlier this week , the washington post reported . according to wmtw , there snow was observed in maine and new hampshire on thursday . snowy weather was also photographed hitting pennsylvania this week , as well as wyoming and colorado last week , leaving residents bundled up . the washington post pointed out that the detroit tigers and the new york yankees played in the motor city during snowfall wednesday evening . the newspaper noted that more snow could strike cleveland , minneapolis , salt lake city , milwaukee , denver and detroit later this month . according to the national weather service , those five cities may experience showers this weekend . covered up : pedestrians cross a lower downtown street during a slow-moving spring storm thursday , april 16 , 2015 , in denver , colorado last week . playtime : melissa gibbons jokes with her dog rikku as she shovels about five inches of wet snow off her driveway in monument , colorado last friday , april 17 , 2015 . coverage ? scott adkins shields his face from the wind and snow as he makes his way down capitol avenue on thursday , april 16 , 2015 , in downtown cheyenne , wyoming . 