a recently released affidavit reveals that a chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy . in the affidavit , timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ' thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee . ' that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers . despite these claims however , she was never prosecuted by the government . what 's more , the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with another state department employee who had top-secret clearance . scroll down for video . an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao ( above on left with unknown male ) shared information with an alleged chinese spy . fox news , who obtained the affidavit , also revealed that the state department employee did admit to sharing details of his job with gao . as for the alleged spy she spoke to , their names was ' teacher zhao , ' and the two met numerous times over the years in hotels in china . gao admitted to the meetings , and also admitted to reporting on her ' social contacts ' in the united states , according to the affidavit . ' it 's not clear to me , based on the court files that were unsealed , how a prosecution of this person could possibly have compromised u.s. intelligence gathering , ' thomas dupree , former deputy assistant attorney general under the george w. bush administration , told the network . ' if it jeopardizes or threatens to disrupt relations with another country , so be it . that you have to draw the line somewhere , and that we need to send a message that this sort of conduct and activity simply will not be tolerated . ' gao , who left her position in february 2014 , began working as a contract interpreter in the office of language services in june 2010 . the us attorney 's office , who released the affidavit , declined to prosecute , and the fbi has not revealed what they found in a suburban washington storage facility they searched after filing the affidavit . gao , who currently works for a consulting firm , has not commented on the affidavit .