real madrid manager carlo ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the santiago bernabeu this summer , telling the spanish media he sees himself remaining in charge of the 10-time european champions next year . ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league amid growing pressure on manchester city manager manuel pellegrini , but the former chelsea boss said he expects to be in the spanish capital for at least another year . the 55-year-old added in as that he believes goalkeeper iker casillas will also be staying put , extending his 25-year affiliation with the club . as report real madrid manager carlo ancelotti will remain in charge at the santiago bernabeu next season . marca lead with the headline ' high risk ' , as la liga 's top four sides barcelona , real , atletico madrid and valencia all play within six hours of each other on saturday . ancelotti 's side , who will be without karim benzema , have ' no margin for error ' tonight when they face malaga at home , four hours after leaders barcelona have played valencia in catalonia . catalan daily sport reports that luis enrique has called on the home supporters to make the camp nou ' tremble ' , calling on the ' total support ' of the locals ahead of the crucial fixture . marca bills saturday 's la liga matches as ' high risk ' , while sport lead on the role of the camp nou crowd . karim benzema has been ruled out of real madrid 's match against malaga this evening through a knee injury . in italy , tuttosport lead with juventus manager massimiliano allegri telling his players : ‘let’s get rid of the ghosts’ . serie a leaders juve suffered a shock 1-0 defeat to parma last weekend , and allegri has warned his stars not to gamble with their season . juventus play lazio tonight , and allegri believes now is the time ' to finish the scudetto issue ' . the turin daily also makes reference to carlos tevez 's reported move back to boca juniors edging closer , with gonzalo higuain and edinson cavani lined up as potential replacements . la gazzetta dello sport claim that juve must decide whether to solely pursue cavani , or ' double up ' their interest with an approach for palermo 's paulo dybala . tuttosport build up to juventus ' clash with lazio , while la gazzetta dello sport link edinson cavani with juve . ' olympique sink ' is the headline of french daily l'equipe , after marseille lost 1-0 at nantes to all but end any faint hopes of marcelo bielsa 's side winning the ligue 1 title , while in portugal , record lead with benfica manager jorge jesus 's claim that the race for the league title is at a pivotal stage . benfica are three points ahead a second-placed porto going into the weekend 's set of fixtures , with the two sides set to face each other at the estadio da luz in lisbon next week . l'equipe report that marseille sunk to defeat in nantes , while record look at the race for the portuguese title . 