paul casey insists he is desperate to play in the ryder cup again , even though he looks unlikely to rejoin the european tour in time to earn qualifying points this season . only tour members can play on the team and phoenix-based casey gave up his membership after deciding in january to concentrate on the pga tour in order to get back into the world 's top 50 . the move has paid off with the former world no 3 losing a play-off in the northern trust open and finishing joint third in the honda classic to climb to 44th at the start of this week . paul casey , practicing ahead of the masters in augusta , ' desperately ' wants to return to the ryder cup . the englishman has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving the european tour to concentrate on his game . however , even if he rejoins the european tour before the may 1 deadline to be eligible to accrue ryder cup points when the race starts in august , he will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership . ' it was very straightforward when i was top 10 in the world playing both tours , ' casey told sportsmail ahead of his first masters appearance since 2012 . ' i know i am back in the top 50 but i have only just got back into the top 50 . it was a very difficult decision but it was also the correct decision . ' i still have to play 13 events and right now i am not in the us open or open or hbsc champions at the end of the year . playing 13 becomes difficult when you have n't played at the start of the year in middle east . ' casey celebrates while watching a replay of his hole-in-one , which helped europe to victory in 2006 . casey last played in the ryder cup competition in the 2008 defeat by usa at valhalla . casey played in the record ryder cup wins in 2004 and 2006 and the 2008 defeat at valhalla , but was in tears after being overlooked for a wild card by captain colin montgomerie in 2010 , when he was ranked seventh in the world . ' i desperately want to be part of a ryder cup again . there is definitely passion and a fire there burning , ' he added . ' certainly one of them i felt like i was maybe denied , the others i have n't been in a position to make the team and watching medinah and gleneagles has been brilliant . ' what they have done has been absolutely phenomenal and i want to be part of that again and not just part of it , but a real solid team player and leader in the team room , which i know i can be . when i play my best golf i think i can certainly play that kind of role . ' european captain darren clarke said earlier this week he wanted casey on his team for hazeltine next year , and the 37-year-old added : ' paul ( mcginley ) said the same thing ( even though i was a member of the tour at the time ) . ' he was desperate for me to be part of that because i had won twice around gleneagles and unfortunately was n't playing the golf i needed to . ' ryder cup captain darren clarke ( right ) , speaking with tiger woods in augusta , wants casey on his team . casey finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 and is relishing being back at augusta national after failing to qualify in 2013 and 2014 . ' when you have been here and gone away for a year or two you certainly appreciate it when you come back , ' he added . ' i 'm very focused this week but i am enjoying being here and lapping up everything about it . ' i was on the same flight as padraig harrington ( who was also ineligible last year ) on sunday and when we landed the girls who run the courtesy car service here had all made little signs saying ' welcome back padraig ' . we touched on that subject and said that we were both going to give it a good go , but enjoy it . ' 