a san antonio man who fatally shot a swat team member with the officer 's own gun more than 14 years ago was executed on wednesday . manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ' rocky ' riojas in february 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year . the u.s. supreme court had refused in november to review his case , and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution . manuel garza jr. was given the death sentence after killing san antonio police officer john ' rocky ' riojas in february 2001 . asked to make a final statement , garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family , friends and ' especially police officers ' . 'y'all probably hate me , ' he said , looking at three friends of his victim , dressed in their navy blue san antonio police uniforms . he wished them ' peace and love and hope y'all find god like i have and i 'll see you on the other side . ' as the lethal drug began taking effect , garza uttered : ' here it comes ! ' his voice rose as he said ' goodbye , ' and then he let out a howl that was cut short within seconds as he took three deep breaths , then a couple of shallow ones . he was pronounced dead 26 minutes later at 6.40pm . before his death , garza was given the same food as the rest of the inmates in his unit for his final meal because texas no longer allows special-order last meals , according tolast suppers . he had a grilled pork chop , sweet potatoes , green beans , black beans , cornbread , and peach cake , with a choice of water , tea , or punch to drink . garza , 35 , already had a long criminal record at age 20 when he was stopped by riojas , who was part of a team targeting property crimes at apartment complexes . garza ran off and witnesses say that when riojas caught up with him , the two struggled and garza grabbed the officer 's gun . riojas , 37 , was fatally shot in the head . witnesses said garza put riojas 's gun in his pants , cursed at the fallen officer , and ran away . garza was apprehended a day later at his sister 's apartment after an informant told detectives that someone had tried to sell him the officer 's missing semi-automatic service weapon . in a statement to detectives , garza blamed riojas . ' i truly think this was the cop 's fault , ' he said . ' i do n't see why he wanted to pull out his gun . ' garza said he initially ran because he feared the officer would discover he was wanted on outstanding warrants . ' i did n't want to go to jail , ' he said . while being escorted to a holding cell after his arrest , court documents described garza as cocky and smirking . riojas ( pictured ) , 37 , was part of a team targeting property crimes at apartment complexes . garza fled when he was stopped by riojas , which led to a struggle and the police officer 's death . he used obscenity-laced language to tell officers they were ' lucky i did n't get y'all ... too . ' the san antonio police officers association provided buses for officers to make the 200-mile-trip to huntsville . several dozen police officers were outside the prison wednesday evening , and stood at attention and saluted as riojas ' sister - who also is with the san antonio department and watched garza die - and the officer-witnesses emerged . ' we want them to see we do care and the salute is a form of respect , ' said mike helle , president of the association . but helle , who was in the same police academy training class with riojas , said the execution ' does n't bring back my classmate and my friend . ' defense attorneys had said the shooting was accidental and garza was a product of childhood neglect and abuse . in a 2013 failed appeal , attorney michael gross said garza 's family encouraged him to break the law . his criminal record began at age 14 , and included burglaries , thefts , escape from custody and leading police on a stolen car chase . texas carries out the death penalty more than any other state . garza was the first inmate executed with a new supply of pentobarbital recently obtained by texas department of criminal justice officials that would allow his and two other lethal injections scheduled for this month to be carried out . if the other two take place , the state prison agency once again will have to replenish its inventory of the scarce drug or find a new chemical to accommodate at least three more scheduled executions beginning next month . drug manufacturers , under pressure from death penalty opponents , have been withholding their products for use in capital punishment .