their parents came to the u.s. for opportunities and now these four teens have them in abundance . the high-achieving high schoolers have each been accepted to all eight ivy league schools : brown university , columbia university , cornell university , dartmouth college , harvard university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university and yale university . and as well as the ivy league colleges , each of them has also been accepted to other top schools . while they all grew up in different cities , the students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to america - from bulgaria , somalia or nigeria . and all four - munira khalif from minnesota , stefan stoykov from indiana , victor agbafe from north carolina , and harold ekeh from new york - say they have their parents ' hard work to thank . now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change , improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon . the teens have one more thing in common : they do n't know which school they 're going to pick yet . the daughter of somali immigrants who has already received a u.n. award and wants to improve education across the world . star pupil : munira khalif , from st. paul , minnesota , says she has always been driven by the thought that her parents , who left somalia during the civil war , fled to the u.s. so she would have better opportunities . munira khalif , who attends mounds park academy in st. paul , minnesota , was shocked when she was accepted by eight ivy schools and three others - but her teachers were not . ' she is composed and she is just articulate all the time , ' randy comfort , an upper school director at the private school , told kmsp . ' she 's pretty remarkable . ' the 18-year-old student , who was born and raised in minnesota after her parents fled somalia during the civil war , she said she was inspired to work hard because of the opportunities her family and the u.s. had given her . ' the thing is , when you come here as an immigrant , you 're hoping to have opportunities not only for yourself , but for your kids , ' she told the channel . ' and that 's always been at the back of my mind . ' as well as achieving top grades , khalif has immersed herself in other activities both in and out of school - particularly those aimed at doing good . she was one of nine youngsters in the world to receive the un special envoy for global education 's youth courage award for her education activism , which she started when she was just 13 . incredible : munira , pictured speaking at malala day at the un , hopes to study political science at college . high achiever : she was one of nine youngsters in the world to receive the un special envoy for global education 's youth courage award for her education activism , which she started when she was just 13 . she launched a non-profit group , lighting the way , to make education more accessible for east african youth , especially girls , through scholarships , libraries and improving sanitation issues . and she was also appointed as a world at school global youth ambassador to promote universal education . khalif , who plans to study political science at college , said she has yet to decide where to go and plans to visit a few more campuses before she makes her final decision . as well as the ivy league schools , she also received offers from stanford , georgetown and the university of minnesota - and she 's still letting the realization sink in . ' i was very surprised , ' she said . ' i am humbled to even have the opportunity to choose amongst these schools because they are all incredible places to learn and grow . ' the bulgarian housekeeper 's son who could n't speak english a decade before he was accepted to 18 top schools in the u.s . driven : stefan stoykov cried on his first day of school because he could not speak a word of english but he is now a straight-a student committed to helping other pupils with language barriers . when eight-year-old stefan stoykov moved from his family 's one-bedroom apartment in bulgaria to the u.s. after his parents won a green card lottery , he could not speak a word of english . ' i started crying on the first day of class , ' stefan recalled of his first day in the second grade . ' i was scared . i was scared . i did n't understand what was going on around me . ' but now 18 and a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools in the world - and he admits he can hardly believe it . ' it is an incredible feeling , ' stefan told wthr . ' i never knew that i would have a chance to choose from possibly the best schools from the world . ' i was hoping to get into at least one of the ivy leagues . ' but as well as getting offers from all ivy league schools , 10 other prestigious institutions also came knocking . he has yet to decide where he will go . he revealed that hard work and the support of his mother , a housekeeper , had helped him achieve his goals . shortly after arriving in the u.s. , his parents divorced and his father took a job as a truck driver , and he has not seen him much since . impressive : despite his early struggles at school , he said he knew that he had to make the most of the opportunities he had been given by his parents when they moved him from bulgaria to the u.s . ' my parents had done so much to put me in this position , to put me in the united states of america , ' he said . ' and i had to take advantage of that . i had to do something with the opportunities they gave me . ' stefan 's extracurricular activities include tutoring other students with language barriers , running the cycling club and spirit week and joining the stock market club , the indy star reported . he is also valedictorian and secured a perfect sat score by borrowing test guides from the library . he also helps his mother - who spent much of his childhood working so that she could support him - with her housekeeping duties so that it takes her half the time . the son of a nigerian immigrant who dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon . hard worker : victor agbafe , 17 , says he believes his nigerian immigrant mother set a good example for him in her job as a physician . he now hopes to study microbiology with government or economics . victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina , has no idea where he will attend college , but he 's certain on one thing : he wants to become a neurosurgeon . the 17-year-old was accepted to 14 schools in total , including all eight ivy league schools and stanford and duke . agbafe , who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics , called his acceptance achievement an ' amazing opportunity ' , wsoc reported . just before he played a game for his school 's basketball team , he learned that harvard had made a decision about his application - but he waited until the game was over to find out . ' i owed it my teammates to be focused there , ' he said . ' i did n't want to get too low on myself if i did n't get in . i also did n't want to get too high if i was accepted . ' going places : the teenager from wilmington , north carolina says he plans to visit as many campuses as he can before he makes his final decision by may 1 . he hopes to become a neurosurgeon . he has also been part of north carolina 's youth and government program , where he was chosen as speaker of the house . he says his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , set a good example for him - but she refuses to take the credit . ' for god to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me , ' his mother dorothy agbafe-mosley said . ' i am very happy that he has all these choices to make . but then it also makes it difficult because it 's a lot of good schools . a lot of good schools . ' her son will make a decision later this month after visiting as many campuses as possible . the nigerian student who credits his target employee parents with his success . top student : harold ekeh , from long island , new york , has been accepted to 14 colleges in total . ten years after his family moved him from nigeria to the u.s. , harold ekeh is hoping to do something for them in return . the 18-year-old long islander was accepted by 14 colleges - including all ivy league schools - and now hopes to study neuroscience to cure alzheimer 's , the disease his grandmother suffers from . the straight-a student at elmont memorial high school secured an sat score of 2270 . he also worked as editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the model united nations . but he was n't expecting to get into so many top schools . as well as offers from the ivy league colleges , he was also accepted by johns hopkins , nyu , mit , vanderbilt , and suny stony brook . ' it was crazy , ' he told dailymail.com . ' my mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . i could n't believe it . ' afterwards ' i went to chipotle with my friends for a half steak half chicken burrito bowl . it was perfect , ' he said . devoted : he hopes to study neuroscience and find a cure for alzheimer 's , which his grandmother suffers from . he said it was the resilience of his parents , former target clerks paul and roseline ekeh , that gave him the drive to achieve the best . ' it was such a huge thing for my parents to uproot our family , a family of six , from our home to a new country , ' he said . ' i was worried as a kid about speaking with an american accent , but they had to worried about actually finding jobs . they joked that they came over for the 24-hour electricity . but i know it was so we would have opportunities as children . ' no matter how many times they got knocked down , they stayed positive , and kept telling me that the secret to success in unbridled resolve . ' he said he is leaning towards going to yale but will be visiting a few more campuses before making his decision before may 1 .