head teacher peter gale been sacked for ' inappropriate ' and ' unprofessional ' behaviour . the first male headteacher at an all-girls grammar school has been sacked for ' inappropriate ' and ' unprofessional ' behaviour less than two years after taking up the post . peter gale was fired from his position at high-performing nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey , due to ' serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures . he was appointed to run the school , which counts singer katie melua amongst its alumnae , in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , karin rowsell . in a letter to parents , the chairman of the governing body , tony hyams-parish , said : ' the governing body has terminated peter gale 's employment at nonsuch high school for girls due to serious breaches in applying safeguarding procedures and instances of unprofessional and inappropriate conduct . ' as you can imagine , this was not an easy decision . ' especially because we recognise that since peter 's appointment there have been many positive changes within the school led by peter and the senior leadership team . ' however , the governing body and staff take their safeguarding responsibilities towards students very seriously and , importantly , any breaches of safeguarding procedures , and have therefore acted promptly to address these matters . ' carol dickie , the school 's bursar said the education of the 1,200 pupils would be unaffected by the sacking but did not elaborate on the allegations . the soon will soon start the process of recruiting a new headteacher and in the interim deputy head tracey hartley will fill the position . mr gale moved to the school after working as the deputy headteacher at rosebery school in epsom where he was responsible for curriculum , data and timetabling . he was also seconded to george abbot school in guildford as part of its executive team . well-known alumnae from the school include olympic cycling champion joanna rowsell ( left ) and singer katie melua . his contract at nonsuch high school for girls ( pictured ) in cheam , surrey , was terminated due to ' serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures . 