the businessman father of a 15 year-old girl who fell 19 floors to her death says he is ‘distraught’ as he faces the prospect of losing a second daughter to social services while his wife remains in police custody . nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ' ill treatment ' of blanca after it emerged police are investigating whether her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , were ever registered . it is also alleged that they did not attend school . she died in the early hours of tuesday after falling from the family’s luxury apartment in hong kong . mr cousins was also questioned over claims that his filipino partner , grace garcia cousins , 53 , had overstayed her visa by 20 years . scroll down for video . blanca cousins , 15 , who fell to her death from her family 's flat in hong kong this week , told friends she went to an american school to explain why they never saw her in a uniform . a mother at the local pony club blanca and her sister attended said that not even the sisters ' closest friends knew they were n't going to school . he was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries . speaking for the first time , from the £7.5 million family home , he said : ' i am distraught . we all are . there is nothing else i can say . ' police yesterday applied for a ' care and protection order ' for his second daughter but she has been returned home pending a second court hearing . ms cousins remained at a detention facility . mr cousins , originally from thurrock , essex , is managing director of the hong kong arm of international insurance broking firm jardine lloyd thompson , and has worked for the firm in asia for more than 20 years . it is understood that his partner moved to hong kong from the philippines in the 1990s to work for mr cousins as a domestic helper before becoming his partner . it is unclear whether they had married , although she uses his surname . their two children were both thought to have been born at a private hospital in hong kong . the couple were watching television in the family’s home , on the 19th floor of hong kong 's most luxurious apartment buildings , when blanca locked herself in a bathroom following a row at around 2am . she fell to her death from a window just before dawn . paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building in repulse bay road . it is alleged british businessman nick cousins , 57 , and filipino grace garcia cousins , 53 , never registered the births of blanca and her 14-year-old sister carla . a police spokeswoman said a security guard found blanca lying on the ground at the foot of the apartment . police sources claimed while no suicide note had been found they were aware the girl had been ' unhappy ' in recent weeks . blanca – who was known as blancs – was due to celebrate her 16th birthday in july . if their births were not registered , it means she would not have been able to attend school , travel abroad or receive medical treatment – unless paid for privately . school attendance is mandatory in hong kong , but a more relaxed approach is taken with expatriate residents and some ' home school ' their children without official permission . she appeared to have enjoyed a relatively normal life , and seemed to have a wide circle of friends among the city’s well to do expatriate community . she was a member of the hong kong pony club and had recently attended hong kong sevens rugby tournament , after her father secured a box there , and had invited friends to join her at the event . today , the mother of a member of the hong kong pony club where the sisters attended regularly told mailonline everyone at the club was shocked with the news . ' the two girls told us they went to an american school in hong kong and that was why they were n't wearing uniforms . they seem to have had it all planned , ' the mother , who asked not to be named . ' even one of the girls closest to blanca did not know they were n't going to school . ' blanca was a lovely girl and everyone is in absolute shock . we had no idea what was going on . at first we wondered if her death was down to cyber bullying , but when we found out the story we could n't believe it at first . the girl 's father has been named as nick cousins ( pictured ) the managing director of insurance broker jardine lloyd thompson 's hong kong office . ' i met the mother once at a pony camp but i never saw her again . her dad was always here . he would pick the girls up after pony club and take them home . he was very kind and we thought they were a normal family with a dad that was involved with his children . ' was it one lie that led to another lie ? we simply do n't know . ' it is understood that she received private tuition with her younger sister . yesterday , some of her friends paid tribute and expressed their shock at her death . chiara martin said on twitter : ‘r.i.p blanca cousins you were a great friend and a sister to me’ , posting a picture of blanca nuzzled up to a pony . charmaine kima said : ' such devastating news of blanca and her family # ripblanca # staystrong . ’ the 21-storey apartment block is one of the city 's most prestigious addresses , with four-bedroom apartments selling for £7.5million each while they rent for £8,000 a month . neighbours told the local apple daily newspaper that they would often see blanca walking her dog ‘smiling’ or carrying books . they said her mother was ‘elegant’ and often accompanied her husband when he went out . they said she would talk to neighbours , but rarely spoke about their private life . last night , police would not comment whether or not the girls were registered saying only that the matter was ‘ under investigation’ . officers have applied for a ‘ care and protection order’ for the youngest daughter . however the court is not due to rule on this until early may , and she has been returned to her family in the meantime . she is understood to be back at the family home with her father . ms cousins remained at a detention facility which houses illegal immigrants last night . a friend of the couple’s said yesterday : ‘ the girls were/are adored by their parents , anyone knowing them knows this - but it’s a shock to even their close friends that they didn’t attend school , no-one knew this . ’ this week , one expat who knows mr cousins described the family as ' down to earth and decent ' . he added : ' he is n't a hooray henry at all , like so many of the expats in top jobs in hong kong . he 's more of an essex-boy type who worked his way up the corporate ladder and is just very bright and very good at what he does . ' tragedy : blanca fell to her death in an apparent suicide early on tuesday morning after locking herself in a bathroom of the apartment in hong kong 's exclusive repulse bay road ( pictured ) . the 21-storey apartment is one of the wealthy city 's most prestigious addresses with luxury four-bedroom apartments selling for prices in the region of £7.5million . a police source last night said : ' initial investigations showed there were no suspicious circumstances and [ blanca ] was suspected to have fallen from a height . ' we arrested a 53-year-old filipino female for overstaying and a 58-year-old british male for aiding and abetting an overstayer . ' both have also been arrested for suspected ill treatment of the girl . our investigations indicate the girl was unhappy with her life . ' last night a spokesman for the jardine lloyd thompson group said : ' we can confirm that our colleague nick cousins , the managing director of our hong kong office , has suffered the loss of his eldest daughter in tragic circumstances . ' we are giving nick our full support through this difficult time and he will be on compassionate leave until further notice . ' we are aware that the authorities are investigating a number of matters that have come to light in the wake of this tragic event . as these are private matters , it would not be appropriate for us to comment further . ' our thoughts are with nick and his family . ' for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .