a man who allegedly killed three men while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ' bloodlust , ' according to a statement filed in court . aeman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta , another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur . presley is set to appear in front of a dekalb county judge today and district attorneys in both dekalb county and fulton county have said they will seek the death penalty . bloodlust : aeman presley ( center ) , 34 , who allegedly killed four people had originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with ' bloodlust ' after killing the first man . an investigator for the fulton county district attorney 's office detailed presley 's slide and eventual turn to violence in court documents . the man had taken a greyhound bus from los angeles to atlanta last may ' hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career , ' according to a sworn statement by the investigator . at first , presley settled into a homeless shelter in atlanta and worked small food service jobs , but when his money ran low , he bought a taurus .45 revolver ' on the street ' to use in robberies , the statement said . on september 26 , presley took a bus to dekalb county with the intent of finding people to rob , according to documents filed in court . he came upon 53-year-old calvin gholston sleeping beneath a shopping center breezeway , firing three shots that killed him , the statement said . that incident produced ' a self-described adrenaline fueled high , ' according to the statement . ' this high manifested into a `` bloodlust '' which compelled presley to commit two more murders in fulton county . ' targeted : after presley killed calvin gholston ( left ) , 53 , he felt a 'self-described adrenaline fueled high ' and went on to shoot dorian jenkins ( right ) , 42 , while he slept on the sidewalk in november . tragic : 68-year-old tommy mims ( left ) was shot while sleeping under a railway bridge while 44-year-old karen pearce ( right ) was killed in a parking garage on her way home from dinner . having apparently abandoned plans for robbing strangers , presley found dorian jenkins , 42 , sleeping on a sidewalk under several blankets and killed him on november 23 , the statement said . wanted : after killing pearce , presley said he decided he did not want to continue killing and tried to go back to a career in acting , before getting arrested for jumping a turnstile . a few days later , he killed 68-year-old tommy mims as he slept under a railway bridge , later coming across two other homeless men he considered killing before deciding it would be too risky , according to the statement . ' since he was `` getting off on killing people , '' he wanted to kill them , too , ' the statement said . ' he decided , however , that doing so would increase his chances of apprehension . ' he instead turned around and went back to where he shot mims , believing he had not killed him , and shot him twice more in the head , according to the statement . presley was in decatur on december 6 and found 44-year-old karen pearce walking alone on her way back from dinner with friends . he ordered her to hand over her wallet at gunpoint , which she did , though presley still shot her once in the chest , killing her , according to the statement . after pearce died , presley said he did n't have the same feeling of adrenaline , and later told investigators he had never wanted to kill a woman . he then tried to return to acting , and was on his way to get headshots taken on december 11 when he was arrested for going through a train station turnstile without paying . during an hours-long interview by atlanta police detective david quinn , presley said he did n't think he was ' a biologically malevolent person . ' some events of his life , including his father 's early death and mother 's illness contributed to a ' murderous spirit , ' along with , presley said , membership in chicago 's gangster disciples and rap lyrics .