a libyan rapper has released a new music video in which he is seen seen performing his music in front of dramatic scenes of civil war . calling himself ' volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi . libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of benghazi to rubble - apparently an ideal backdrop to volcano 's rap videos . scroll down for video . warzone : calling himself ' volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi . guns : rapping in arabic , volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and surrounded by armed fighters . vehicle : volcano stands in front of a pick-up truck that has been modified to carry a massive machine gun . volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet but soon cuts to amateur footage of explosions and shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings . rapping in arabic , volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and standing in front of pick-up trucks that have been modified to carry massive machine guns . seconds later he and a group of armed militants are seen standing in front of a tank in a heavily shelled courtyard as they pose for the camera while artillery vehicles fire their weapons . at one point volcano - who wears expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains - gives the thumbs up to the camera while standing in front of the burning rubble of a destroyed building . elsewhere in the video the rapper wears military-style fatigues , although his well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted fighters wearing bullet-proof vests and battered combat gear . although he appears in the war zone wielding a guns , it is not clear whether volcano is simply using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is actually involved in the conflict . it is also unclear whether the fighters he appears alongside are rebels or members of the libyan national army . costume changes : volcano alternates between wearing expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains ( left ) and military-style fatigues ( right ) . his well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted-looking fighters he surrounds himself with , however . it is not clear whether volcano is using the civil war backdrop for effect , or if he is involved in the conflict .  the most senior member of the gaddafi clan has laid the blame of the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the western countries which helped overthrow colonel gaddafi . ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ' overwhelming chaos ' in libya ' has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011 ' . but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator , who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of the would-be migrants . about 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off libyan waters , south of the italian island of lampedusa , shortly after midnight on sunday . and gaddafi 's cousin , who was one of several high-profile regime figures who fled to egypt during the 2011 revolution , believes the only solution for stability in the mediterranean is to bring back those who surrounded the country 's despotic former ruler in government . volcano 's facebook page describes him as a benghazi-based rapper who also studies english translation at benghazi university - the oldest education establishment in libya . the lyrics to his song refer to god being ' gone ' and - rather than talking about the conflict in libya - appear about palestinians living in gaza . the refrain of the song suggests volcano keeps up to date with events in the gaza strip and israel via news on google and yahoo . giving his personal interests as ' libyan rap ' , volcano 's page also states : ' i hate treason ' . the comment is not elaborated on , and it is not clear exactly what he is referring to . the majority of volcano 's music video is filmed on an hd camera and he appears to be wearing and large and expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he could be considerably wealthier than the average resident in benghazi . the six-minute clip also ends with volcano watching the video back on a samsung mobile phone . between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown benghazi . although the faces of his audience are not seen , the crowd wave their hands in the air as volcano stands on a makeshift stage . as well as hd shots of volcano rapping and posing alongside heavily armed fighters , the footage also shows to clips of daily life in benghazi - such as a father taking his young son shopping . elsewhere amateur footage of shell attacks are edited in to the video clip . calm : volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet . flames of war : the clip soon cuts to shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings . pricey : most of volcano 's music video is filmed on an hd camera and he appears to be wearing an expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he is considerably wealthier than the average benghazi resident . volcano is not the first north african rapper linked to warfare and conflict . earlier this year islamic state supporters took to social media to boast about the recruitment of a failed party loving rapper from tunisia . maurouane douiri , better known by his stage name emino , announced his decision to join isis by posting a picture of himself holding a goat , allegedly in iraq . emino appears to have abandoned his trademark ushanka hat and is shown wearing a long red and white arab scarf . strangely posed holding a small brown and white goat , the once wannabe gangster wrote that he had given his allegiance to the leader of islamic state , abu bakr al-baghdadi . emino was one of a dozen tunisian rappers who were vocal critics of president zine el abidine ben ali 's regime . previously the 25 year old used his social media page to proudly show off photos of himself surrounded with a bevy of scantily clad ladies . performance : between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown benghazi . libya 's second largest city , benghazi was seized by the islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year . it is unclear whether the fighters volcano poses with are rebels or members of the libyan national army . one of the photos shows the rapper being touched and stroked by a group of women , with one of them appears to be drinking from a suspicious looking wine glass . emino is no trendsetter - at least three other failed rappers have joined isis over the last few years . german rapper denis cuspert is the best known of the three known rappers to have been part of islamic state . known on stage as deso dogg , the wannabe gangster traded in his failing career to embrace the extremist group 's radical brand of islam . american failed rapper douglas mcauthur mccain was reportedly killed fighting for isis last august . mccain , who enjoyed smoking marijuana in the park and had previous convictions for disorderly conduct , is thought to have converted to islam in 2004 .