mi5 covered up the sexual abuse of boys in the notorious kincora home , a former army intelligence officer claimed last night . brian gemmell , a former captain in the intelligence corps , said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘ stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children’s’ home . he spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘ very powerful’ figures in a westminster paedophile gang . scroll down for video . brian gemmell , a former captain in the army intelligence corps ( pictured ) , said mi5 spy chiefs ordered him to ‘ stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children’s’ home , kincora . he claimed he was sexually abused by politicians and other senior men at dolphin square apartment complex in pimlico and elm guest house , in barnes , west london , which are being investigated by scotland yard amid ‘credible’ claims a tory mp murdered a young boy . campaigners claim mr kerr’s account provides a clear link between vip paedophile rings in london and belfast . mi5 has faced long-standing allegations of covering up child abuse to enable it to gather intelligence on loyalist politicians during the troubles . but it has also been accused of not acting to protect leading establishment figures involved in the crimes . mr gemmell , who served in military intelligence in belfast , presented a report on allegations of abuse at kincora to a senior mi5 officer in 1975 but to his astonishment was told to quit his probe . speaking to mr kerr on channel 4 news , he said : ‘that’s the thing that hits me - that if i really pushed the thing through , you could have been rescued . i’m sorry . ’ his revelations will strengthen calls for the allegations about the irish children’s home to be covered by the judge-led abuse inquiry announced by home secretary theresa may . the inquiry will investigate whether public bodies , including governments , charities , the church and bbc , failed to protect children . it was set up amid claims a child sex gang operated in westminster in the 1980s . the investigation into historical abuse , which will be led by new zealand high court judge , justice lowell goddard , is likely to be able to study files held by mi5 . mr gemmell said : ‘ i think richard’s transporting over to the united kingdom mainland to be abused , rather than just being abused in northern ireland , speaks volumes . it ties the two together . ’ mr gemmell met with victim richard kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from kincora ( pictured ) before being molested by ‘ very powerful’ figures in a westminster paedophile gang . speaking to channel 4 news , mr kerr , who now lives in dallas , texas , said he and two other boys suffered abuse at kincora in the mid-1970s before being trafficked to london in 1977 , where they suffered further abuse . boys - many in local authority care - are alleged to have been abused by figures including the late liberal mp cyril smith , cabinet ministers , clergymen , pop stars , spies , judges and members of the royal household . mi5 has been accused of suppressing allegations of child abuse against the politician , who died in 2010 , when they were made during the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s . the kincora children’s home in east belfast was run by william mcgrath , the head of an extreme protestant loyalist group called tara and an alleged mi5 informant . he and two other members of staff – william semple and joseph mains – were jailed in 1981 for sexually assaulting boys in their care . in february , lawyers for victims challenging the refusal to include kincora in justice goddard’s wide-ranging inquiry told the high court in belfast that mi5 was aware of the abuse but allowed it to continue to protect those responsible from prosecution .