from clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage . disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock . they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary . scroll down for video . one traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger 's foot . disgusting : one flight attendant found a surprise under one of the seats - a plastic bag filled with urine . other photos show two passengers wearing face masks , a male traveller working out in the aisle while one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest . the images , captured by anonymous travellers , were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen 's instagram account passenger shaming . the page follows after ms kathleen , who worked as a flight attendant for seven years , started the group on facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted while flying . she has previously mentioned some her most feared habits , including people who do n't flush the toilet and people going into the bathroom without shoes or socks . got it nailed : this passenger decided being seated on a busy plane was the perfect time to clip his fingernails . one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog in a security vest that was seen resting beside a seat . toe the line : one passenger got a little too comfortable , pushing both feet through to the seas in front . one of the popular yet annoying habits are people resting their feet on any surface they could reach , including walls and near people 's heads as as well sleeping with their feet in awkward positions . since its inception , the page has attracted worldwide attention from passengers and flight attendants with its instagram page now has nearly 240,000 followers . recent photos in the past months show a potty in the aisle , people sleeping in inappropriate places , passengers resting their feet on tray tables and walls and dirty nappies stuffed in the seat pockets . photos of unsupervised children vandalising the aeroplane with stickers and an unwrapped condom found under a seat have also made the cut for passenger shaming . this is n't working out : one passenger thought it was a good time to do a work-out session during a flight . socks appeal : a weary traveller decided to prop his feet up against a wall - over another passenger .