it looks like something out of a science fiction film but this modern mansion is nestled in prehistoric australian rainforest and suspended over it 's own lake ... just watch out for crocodiles . on the market for an enormous $ 15 million , this property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront . whilst it 's unusual design resembles an alien spaceship , the home was inspired by an australian stamp , with six bedroom pods placed at the end of six fingers . a mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of far north queensland is on the market for $ 15 million . it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . although resembling a spaceship , it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the ' one pound jimmy ' stamp . the property boasts six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies , a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house . the six bedrooms are placed in pods at the end of each ' arm ' of the house , with five fitted with their own balconies . designed by port douglas architect charles wright , the property won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . although it has been on the market for over a year , real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell . according to the cairns post , raine and horne port douglas mossman agent david cotton feels confident 2015 will be the year for the unique home to find owners . the property , called ' alkira , ' which is aboriginal for bright and sunny , features six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies and three garage spots . located at 3726 cape tribulation rd in daintree , queensland , the house and land is the only place in the world where two world heritage listings intersect . it has been on the market for over a year , but port douglas real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell . the property , called ' alkira , ' which is aboriginal for bright and sunny was a tiresome five years in the making . the home is suspended over a man made lake and looks as if it is sitting on a lily pad , creating a unique experience . at 3726 cape tribulation rd in daintree , queensland , the property is the only place in the world where two world heritage listings intersect . the daintree is located 111 kilometres north of cairns and contains over 1200 square kilometres of rainforest . the great barrier reef and the wet tropics world heritage area are both covered by the expanse of the land and make for ethereal surroundings . private boardwalks are strewn through the jungle-like terrain and facilitate the viewing of the rarest form of vine forest found in the wet tropics heritage area . the property also boasts a helipad , located 100 metres from the house , for those who want to arrive a bit quicker than the two hour drive from cairns international airport . the home was five years in the making and recently hit the small screen when it appeared on ' better homes and gardens . ' it 's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it 's arms outstretched . the stainless steel miele kitchen is fitted with state of the art appliances , containing electric teppanyaki grills , barbeques and a pyrolytic oven . raine and horne port douglas mossman agent david cotton feels confident that 2015 will be the year for the unique home to find owners . alkira is also fitted out with rare local rainforest timbers , chillagoe marble and an enormous open air theatre .  alkira harvests rainwater from the entire roofline of the house and deposits it into a 250 kilolitre tank buried underground . the daintree is located 111 kilometres north of cairns and contains over 1200 square kilometres of rainforest . this makes it the largest continuous rainforest in australia . while the modern appearance screams advanced utilities , its innovative design also allows the property to utilise natural resources . alkira harvests rainwater from the entire roofline of the house and deposits it into a 250 kilolitre tank buried underground in the centre of the house . the water reservoir acts as a massive cooling device and along with solar paneling along the roofline , the property is vastly eco-friendly . the great barrier reef and the wet tropics world heritage area are both covered by the expanse of the land . the chillagoe marble is a natural stone found locally in cairns and is strewn throughout the home . private boardwalks are strewn through the jungle-like terrain and facilitate the viewing of the rarest form of vine forest . this water reservoir acts as a massive cooling device and along with solar paneling along the roofline , the property is vastly eco-friendly while still being kept at a comfortable temperature all year round . the stainless steel miele kitchen is fitted with state of the art appliances , containing electric teppanyaki grills , barbeques , a pyrolytic oven with a rotisserie and a custom walk-in cool room . for the wine lovers , a wine cellar with room for 2400 bottles and is temperature-controlled is at your fingertips . alkira is also fitted out with rare local rainforest timbers , chillagoe marble and an enormous open air theatre with an 84 inch led tv and surround sound .   