the balinese woman who hired hitmen to murder her australian husband has told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce . noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband , businessman robert ellis , at their home in bali last october . his body , with wrists and feet bound , was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village . mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the premeditated killing of her husband of 20 years , and explained that he was now ' in heaven ' . scroll down for video . british man robert kelvin ellis ( left ) , here with wife noor ellis ( right ) was found in a rice paddock with his throat cut in october 2014 . mrs ellis told judge beslin sihombing that her husband died ' because of the order from me ' . the balinese national , who has two sons with her late husband , was arrested along with seven other people , including the couple 's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . ' for a long time he had n't given me sufficient ( money ) , ( he ) even took the money for my kids ' schooling , ' mrs ellis told the court . ' because his attitude did n't change , i could n't stand it anymore . once i asked for divorce but he did n't want to , ' she said . ' he said we should just go on , in our own way . ' 23-year-old urbanus yohanes ghoghi , who slit mr ellis 's throat , told the court on wednesday in graphic detail of the roles he and four other men played in the killing . noor ellis gave one of the men , martin , a towel and a pillow , and asked his ' help to teach a lesson ' . the men first tried to suffocate him , but when their victim fought back , martin handed him the kitchen knife he used to slash his throat . already in custody for his murder is his indonesian wife of 25 years , noor ellis , the couple 's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . if the suspects are found guilty of murder , they could face the death penalty . 60-year-old robert ellis 's ( left ) body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and was dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village . sons peter ( centre ) and john ( right ) now face the loss of their mother too if she gets the death penalty for their father 's murder . afterwards , mrs ellis handed martin the plastic to wrap her husband 's body in , urbanus told the court . ' that night , mrs noor gave rp 50 million ( $ 5000 ) to martin . it was then split , rp 10 million each , ' he said . ' martin also said to us that tomorrow , there will be more . ' in early january police reportedly handed a brief of evidence to prosecutors which claimed the victim’s wife paid hit-men 150 million rupiah , or $ 14,200 aud , according to the daily telegraph . the court heard that mrs ellis told her husband 's killers ' to be neat ' when they murdered him , and called a meeting prior to his murder to ensure the men knew the instructions . ' mrs noor said that when killing mr bob , do n't use a sharp weapon , ' urbanus said . ' close his nose and mouth with a pillow only . to be neat , basically . ' julaikah noor aini , known as noor ellis ( second left ) takes part in a reconstruction of her husband 's murder . mrs ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder , which her two sons , peter and john , said they are reconciled to . both sons have refused to attend their mother’s court hearing , and said that they want to see justice for their father . ‘ if that [ the death penalty ] happens , it happens , ’ peter told channel seven 's sunday night program . ‘ but we want justice for our dad no matter what . ’ mr ellis was set upon in his own bali kitchen by the killers who slashed his throat ' like killing a pig ' , police said , after mrs ellis employed the men along with two housemaids to clean up the murder . his wife , who was taken into custody after confessing to her role in the crime , helped local officials to recreate the murder . mr ellis ' body had have been lying in a ditch for several days and was in a state of decay . ' there is no doubt this was an execution-style murder , ' said a senior police officer in the bali capital , denpasar . mr ida bagus putu alit , who headed the district 's forensic team , said mr ellis ' throat had been slashed three times . ' one of the wounds to the throat was fatal , but he also had several bruises around his head , suggesting he had been knocked to the ground before receiving the fatal throat wound , ' he said . peter and john text messaged their mother to ask where their father was to which she chillingly replied , ‘i’ll ask him when i see him . ’ when ellis was arrested at the end of last year , she admitted to police and her two perth-based sons that she paid $ 14,000 to men to carry out the murder with her motive likely being his $ 30 million estate . noor’s lawyers have claimed that robert was abusive and the hit men were only paid to scare her husband , not murder him . officials said mr ellis , who has been living in australia , had a uk passport , and is believed to have moved to the seaside area of sanur , bali with his wife . noor and robert 's son john ellis ( in grey shirt ) arrive at bali police station in october to visit his mother . robert kelvin ellis was found dead in a rice field near the village of sedang , north of denpasar in bali . police have also alleged noor confessed to ordering his murder because he cheated on her ' often ' and has claimed that she was possessed by a spirit or a monster and pushed to organise robert’s killing by an outside supernatural force . her sons , peter and john ellis have told the west australian of the perils they face , not only of a life without their father , but potentially without their mother as well . ‘ mum felt like she wasn’t being treated well enough , she wasn’t given enough money , ’ peter said . ‘ and her only option in her mind was to murder my dad . ’ officials confirmed that mr ellis had a uk passport and had lived in australia before moving to the seaside area of sanur , bali with his wife . ellis also has two other children from a former relationship . at the time of their father’s death , the four children and mr ellis’ brother john released a joint statement . ‘ bob was a loving and devoted father , grandfather , brother , son and husband . his loss leaves a hole in the lives of everyone he touched . ’ ‘ his work in business created jobs for thousands of indonesians . he was a good and honourable man . ' his integrity , generosity and spirit is evidenced by the way the business community both expat and indonesian have rallied to support us and show their respects . ’  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .