jack black the friendly jackdaw ( pictured ) has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members . as a popular member of the community he often pops into people’s houses , goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for christmas dinner . he’ll also accompany the local children as they walk to school – perched on their shoulders . he is jack black the friendly jackdaw and he has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him . the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities . jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild . he then started popping into homes and gardens but has since broadened his network to a ten-mile radius , visiting houses and flats and even college and university campuses , offices , schools and sports clubs . he has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents . he taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop . locals , who keep bird food and treats in their homes , are able to distinguish him from other jackdaws because of a silver tag tied to his right leg . grace chapman-duke , a 20-year-old student , got to know jack well before moving house . she said : ‘ he used to be my personal alarm clock every day . he would tap on my window to let me know he was there . ‘ once i let him in , he would sit on my shoulder as i got ready for uni and then would continue on my shoulder until i got to my lecture . jack was hand-reared as a chick after being discovered with no feathers , before being released into the wild . ' our friendship progressed to such a degree that he would perch on my shoulder as i showered . ’ one resident wrote on facebook : ‘ i used to go into the kitchen on a wet winter’s day to find he had sneaked through the window and was asleep on the back of the chair ! joined us for christmas dinner and all sorts . ’ bird specialist lloyd buck , who trains birds for film and tv productions , said : ‘ it sounds as though this bird has developed the bond it would normally have with birds with humans . ’ he has become so relaxed around humans that he regularly falls asleep in the laps and hands of residents .