a wife has told how she has put her husband on a lifelong sex ban and tracks his every move , after discovering he had cheated on her after taking a lie detector test . despite his infidelity , haley and kev mulholland still share a house in bristol , though mr mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa . the mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband , she does not want any other woman to have him either . haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page . mrs mulholland monitors her husband’s movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume . ' i might not want kev , but i don’t want anyone else to have him either , ' said the 45 year old , who is mum to sophie , 27 , kerrie , 25 , kasey , 14 , brittany , 13 , paige ten , tyler , nine , madison , eight and five-year-old alexius . ' i keep tabs on his phone and on his facebook page . he swears he’s staying true , but i couldn’t trust him as far as i could throw him . over the past few months i’ve become quite the detective . ' though mrs mulholland has so far found no evidence to suggest he is straying , she refuses to take her husband of 15 years back . she said : ' while we’re not divorced , we’re not together . there’s no kissing , sex or anything like that , though kev’s tried his luck . ' he creeps into my room saying the sofa’s given him a bad back and that he needs to sleep in my bed . i just tell him where to go . kevin and haley , who have been together for 15 years , are pictured on their wedding day . ' the other night he started stroking my thigh . i slapped his hand away . this body is well and truly out of bounds . ' the mulhollands ' marriage became rocky shortly before they renewed their wedding vows on valentine’s day in 2013 . mrs mulholland said : ' a month before the big day i was on the computer and noticed facebook was still logged on to kev’s profile . ' i clicked on his inbox , and discovered a message from one of our neighbours . 'she’d written `` have you told her yet ? '' which made my heart race . ' had my kev been going round for more than a cup of sugar ? ' the rest of their correspondence was harmless enough , so i decided to give kev the benefit of the doubt . haley learns that kevin did cheat her on after a lie detector test on the jeremy kyle televsion show . ' but just weeks after our wedding i started hearing rumours about the two of them . ' i asked kev if something was going on and he denied it . but i smelt a rat - a love rat . ' that is when mrs mulholland started to doubt her husband and put him on a sex ban until he admitted the truth . she said : ' i trusted the people who were telling me . so i told him , no nookie until i get to the bottom it . ' two years went by and i stuck to my word . we slept on opposite sides of the bed , absolutely no touching . haley says she has banished kevin to the sofa after learning that he cheated and has also imposed a sex ban . ' by the end kev was so desperate for some hanky panky he suggested we went on the jeremy kyle show for a lie detector test . ' i booked for us to go on the show . a couple of nights later i checked kev’s facebook inbox and felt sick to my stomach . ' there were loads of messages from this other woman . she had written that she was worried she’d caught an sti from kev . it was absolutely disgusting . ' mrs mulholland went round to confront her neighbour who claimed her facebook had been hacked . but the lie detector test on the jeremy kyle show revealed that mr mulholland had cheated on his wife with their neighbour . the couple trip the light fantastic after renewing their wedding vows just one month after haley discovered the incriminating facebook message suggesting kevin was having an affair . the couple kiss after renewing their wedding vows before friends and family . she said : ' kev walked off stage , swearing that the results were fixed . but that evening he finally admitted the truth . ' he said it had only lasted five minutes , but that didn’t matter to me . once a cheat always a cheat . ' i knew we were over but i didn’t kick him out for the sake of the kids , instead i moved him downstairs . ' the little ones are none the wiser . ' mrs mulholland said she has now started to track her husband’s movements to make sure he isn’t seeing other women . ' it sounds crazy as , hand on my heart , i do not want him back . but whenever he goes out i make a note of how long for and calculate what he could be doing , ' she said . in happier times : haley and kevin who is father to six of her eight children . ' maybe it’s jealousy or perhaps it’s because i want him to suffer . ' i know his facebook password and i log in most days to check whether his floozy has been in touch . 'she’s kept quiet , and if she has any sense she’ll continue to do so . ' it’s not just technology mrs mulholland uses to try and catch her husband out . ' the other day i hugged him as soon as he walked through the door . i think he saw it as progress , but i was just seeing if i could smell another woman on him . ' i make sure i know where he is at all times . ' so far he has passed the test , but if he ever fails i’m ready to pounce . ' mr mulholland , who is unable to work due to a bad back , has told his wife he will win her back by remaining celibate until she changes her mind . he claims he’ll show he’s remained faithful by doing another lie detector test . haley mulholland says she now keeps tabs on her husband and checks his facebook page . mrs mulholland said : ' i don’t know what i’d do if the results came back and he’s telling the truth . maybe i’d take him back , maybe i wouldn’t . ' for now i’m happy being single . i don’t see a man in my future and i’ll be damned if there’s a woman in kevin’s . 'he’s made his bed and he has to lie in it – alone . ' mr mulholland , 46 , said he was determined to win his wife back . ' i love haley more than anything , no other woman compares . the kids and her are my life . 'i’m still living in the house , so there’s still love there . i’m not having sex with anyone to prove just how serious i am . ' the fact that she’s checking up on me tells me that she cares . '  