protecting the fa cup prize money is the biggest reason the fa is prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to emirates airlines . the proposed £30million , three-year contract for an emirates fa cup , revealed by sports agenda , gives the fa the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament . the figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either aston villa or arsenal — on a par with the wimbledon singles champions — will receive for lifting the trophy on may 30 . aston villa will face the holders arsenal in this season 's final at wembley stadium . should arsenal repeat their 2014 fa cup triumph , they stand to pocket £1.8million in prize money . the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with tv money but £18,000 for winning a first-round cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-league club . and the fa cup fund — like the fa trophy and vase budget — was very likely to be raided before the emirates deal to fund the £30m-a-year priorities of fa chairman greg dyke’s england commission which centre on coaches and facilities that have seen all fa departments asked to make 15 per cent cuts . fa chairman greg dyke’s england commission is focusing on coaches and facilities . frank arnesen , the original technical director in the premier league , was one of the delegates at the first sporting directors summit — co-founders include joe royle’s son darren — held at the etihad stadium in manchester on wednesday . and arnesen , who worked in the role at tottenham and chelsea , believes the position is now an integral part of a modern football club provided the owner agrees . while at chelsea , arnesen tried to sign three leeds youngsters resulting in chairman ken bates making an official complaint about an illegal approach . chelsea paid £5m in compensation . ironically , one of that trio , danny rose , who decided to stay at elland road at the time , is now in the england squad . arnesen said : ‘i’m delighted for danny . he was a real talent from the start . ’ tottenham defender danny rose ( right ) competes for possession with manchester united 's juan mata . sky staff have no doubts the £4.2billion spend on premier league rights is responsible for the latest huge cost-cutting exercise — an ‘ agility and flexibility’ strategy delivered to 600 production services personnel this week that is expected to result in at least 70 redundancies . operations director darren long , now nicknamed david brent for the way he delivered news of job losses dressed up as changes in working patterns , was heckled for refusing to take questions . sky say this planning started long before the pl tender . meanwhile , those heading for sky’s exit door after the consultation exercise will be delighted to know mediocre £4m-a-year pundit thierry henry paid for his private jet flight to the sunderland v newcastle match out of his own pocket . sky pundit thierry henry ( centre ) paid for his own private jet to the recent sunderland vs newcastle derby . the fallout from the emirates fa cup deal included former minister for sport richard caborn labelling the deal ‘ commercialism gone mad’ . this is the same out–of-touch caborn who failed in a bid to become fa chairman and is still disliked by fa councillors after telling blazers they were ‘ not fit for purpose’ . however , even fa diehards including the traditionalist who told broadcasters there would never be a 5.30pm cup final kick-off while he had ‘ a hole in his a***’ , accept sponsorships are critical for fa finances . former minister for sport richard caborn has branded the fa cup emirates deal ‘ commercialism gone mad’ . giles can take top job . ashley giles hardly merits a mention for the england director of cricket role for which former captain andrew strauss is front-runner . but giles is the most qualified after stints as an england coach and director of cricket for lancashire , while he is also halfway through the part-time two-year masters of sport directors degree at university of manchester . also part of the audience at the directors’ summit was former england team director andy flower , who is now happy to stay in the background running the cricket academy at loughborough . david sharpe , 23-year-old wigan chairman and grandson of dave whelan , loves to socialise with the team , especially manager gary caldwell . but the pair’s celebration night out in manchester bar panacea after caldwell’s first win as boss against brighton on april 18 was somewhat premature . a week later they lost at home to wolves and on tuesday were relegated to league one .