what 's worse than finding a cockroach in your big mac ? half a cockroach . after a stressful day of moving house , annah sophia stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca at about 5.20pm on saturday . the cosmetic artist , from new zealand , found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth . scroll down for video . a new zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her big mac burger . ' i was working on it for about three or four seconds , i thought it was a bit of gristly meat , ' ms stevenson told the marlborough express . ' the guts were hanging out and it had a big hole in the middle of it . ' ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect 's shell . after rushing to the bathroom to vomit , ms stevenson brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth . ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect 's shell . the mother of one took to her facebook account to post the alarming discovery after her mcdonald 's meal . ' i just could n't cope , it felt like every time i swallowed i was swallowing bits of it , ' she said . ' the incident was like something out of fear factor . ' shortly after the alarming discovery , the mother of one took to her facebook account on saturday night to post her horrible experience . ' thanks mcdonalds blenheim , for the cockroach big mac . only thing worse than finding it , was only finding half of it ( have i consumed the other part ? ) and it was while i was chewing on it thinking it was a bit tough so pulled it out ! ! ! , ' she wrote . ' i feel violated , ill , traumatised , and disgusted . ' the post has attracted more than 300 shares and several comments from family and friends . she usually avoids fast foods as she tries to keep healthy but due to her rushed time she ordered the meal . mcdonald 's have organised to pick up the evidence from ms stevenson in order to aid their investigation . the 26-year-old has yet to contact blenheim mcdonald 's as she does not want to be bombarded with complimentary food vouchers . ' i 'll never , ever eat another big mac as long as i live , ' she said . according to fairfax , mcdonald 's head of communications simon kenny said the incident would be investigated and mcdonald 's will pick up what remains of the evidence from ms stevenson . the mother said her family usually avoids fast foods in an attempt to keep healthy but ordered the meal due to time pressure . along with her burger , she also ordered a mcnugget happy meal and cheeseburger for her son and an icecream sundae and apple pie .