two air india pilots have been removed from duty after they reportedly got into a fight inside the cockpit of a plane shortly before it was scheduled to take off . the altercation involving the captain and co-pilot erupted while the plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from delhi to jaipur last night . both pilots have been derostered after the captain of flight ai611 complained that the co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him , the times of india reported . an air india captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during an altercation in the cockpit ( file ) . an air india spokesman told the newspaper : ‘ both the pilots have been derostered . an inquiry has been ordered into this . ’ the airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument , and there was no physical violence . the times of india , quoting a source , reported that the captain was assaulted after he asked the co-pilot to record ‘ critical take-off figures’ for the flight , including the number of passengers on board , take-off weight and fuel . instead of immediately reporting the incident in delhi , which would have led to the cancellation of the flight , the captain flew the plane to jaipur and then informed air india staff . indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident to determine whether any of the parties involved should be disciplined . reports suggest that the captain was assaulted after asking the co-pilot to record information before take-off . a report by the times of india said that the co-pilot has faced similar accusations in the past . three years ago he told the captain of a flight to exit the cockpit , ‘ remove the stars on his shirt collar’ and fight him , while a complaint filed two years ago from another captain questioned the co-pilot’s mental health and claimed he was ‘ rude and unbecoming’ . last night’s incident comes at a sensitive time for the commercial aviation industry following the tragedy involving germanwings flight 4u9525 . investigators believe 27-year-old co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane into the french alps – killing everyone on board – after locking the captain out of the cockpit on a flight from barcelona to dusseldorf . german newspaper bild reported that lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ‘skydevil’ .