an eight-year-old boy who was made an outcast in his village and described by his own family as a ' ticking time bomb ' because he has hiv has been given a home at last . in a case that was condemned around the world , luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to ' protect villagers ' health ' . following that cold-hearted decision , the mournful child explained how , ' nobody plays with me , i play alone ' . but now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped in to help . the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children . kun kun was refused admission to schools and locals would avoid contact with him , so he spent his days playing in the woods alone . the five-year-old has now been admitted a place at the red ribbon school in linfen , china , after being banished from his village , kun kun finally has a home where he is cared for and looked after . kun kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him , but was only diagnosed when he was five years old . his mother and stepfather worked in other provinces , so he was raised near the town of xichong with his non-blood-related grandparents , who had adopted his stepfather as a child . the boy was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him , so he spent his days playing in the woods alone . when he was diagnosed , his grandparents found themselves isolated in their village of shufangya in south-eastern china 's sichuan province and so sided with the locals . at a special meeting on december 7 last year , 203 village residents signed a petition asking the authorities to ' carry out preventative isolation measures by taking kun kun away from the village , and protect the health of the villagers and children ' . it went on to say that kun kun ' provokes fear among the community ' . he was also referred to as a ' ticking time bomb ' . wang yishu , party chief of shufangya village , said : ' the villagers sympathise with him , he is innocent , and only a small child . but his aids is too scary for us ' . kun kun was forced to play alone in his home village , but has now been admitted to a specialist school . the sichuan government contacted the school in linfen when kun kun 's plight made worldwide headlines . however the future is now looking up for kun kun , after he was given a place at the boarding school last week . the sichuan government contacted the school in linfen when kun kun 's desperate plight made worldwide headlines . headteacher guo xiaoping said : ' a good social and educational environment is important for kun kun and with the help of teachers , he is more open and polite than before ' . he added : ' kun kun 's physical strength is notably below that of the other students . fortunately , he has been sent here in time , and started taking medication last november . at kunkun 's age , it 's crucial that he undergoes proper treatment . ' kun kun did not say a word when he arrived at the school , according to the headteacher , but can study and talk like a normal student now . the devastating case of kun kun has highlighted the stigma attached to the disease in china . the child was forced out of his village when villagers signed a petition asking the authorities to remove him . the petition signed by villagers said kun kun ' provokes fear among the community ' and referred to him as a ' ticking time bomb ' . knowledge of hiv/aids in china is worse in poor , rural areas , such as the community kun kun is from . kun kun was banished from the village of shufangya , near the town of xichong ( shown on this map ) . the case of kun kun has highlighted the stigma attached to the disease in china , where many sufferers face widespread discrimination . the problem is so great , even medical workers sometimes refuse to touch those diagnosed with the disease . the latest figures released by china 's national health and family planning commission showed a total of 497,000 people in china have been diagnosed with hiv/aids since the country 's first case in 1985 . china has a population of 1.36billion . knowledge of hiv/aids is worse in poor , rural areas , such as the community kun kun is from , experts have said . officials are reportedly planning to educate the villagers who banished kun kun through a campaign . the nanjing-based anti-discrimination ngo justice for all wrote a letter to party chiefs in sichuan calling on them to punish school chiefs and local officials for their ' cultural revolution style ' , a reference to the mao zedong-inspired public denunciations of ' foes ' . ' we can not imagine how kun kun will grow up and look back on the experience of childhood , ' said a draft of the letter .