liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from anfield . manager brendan rodgers , who has suffered another trophyless season after the shock fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa , could see up to 10 of his stars leave . captain steven gerrard has already agreed to join mls side la galaxy , while defender glen johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer . kolo toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal . liverpool captain steven gerrard , pictured on sunday , is one of a number of stars who will leave anfield . gerrard , looking dejected following liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat to aston villa , is off to la galaxy . manager brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave following another trophyless season . kolo toure ( left ) and glen johnson ( right ) are both out of contract with the latter set to leave on a free transfer . raheem sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with manchester city certain to make an offer and juventus the latest big european club linked with him . defender martin skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with wolfsburg planning a move for him . right-back javi manquillo is set to return to spain after failing to make an impact while mario balotelli’s £16million switch from ac milan has been a disaster . liverpool will listen to offers for him , although getting rid of a man on £90,000 per week will be easier said than done . balotelli’s fellow strikers fabio borini and rickie lambert could also depart . finally , liverpool are looking for a goalkeeper to replace or put pressure on simon mignolet , meaning brad jones is the tenth name who would be surplus to requirements . there was one good piece of news for liverpool fans on monday night when jordan henderson agreed a new £100,000-a-week deal until 2020 . henderson , 24 , is the third player in the squad to agree a contract extension , following daniel sturridge and philippe coutinho . liverpool midfielder jordan henderson agreed a new £100,000-a-week deal until 2020 on monday night . defender martin skrtel , pictured up against christian benteke , is a target for bundesliga side wolfsburg . manchester city are to make an offer for raheem sterling with the forward embroiled in a contract stand-off . liverpool will listen to offers for mario balotelli who has endured a disastrous first season .