doctors have called for under-fours to be given free vitamins after a rise in the number of cases of rickets due to a lack of exposure to sunlight . the country 's chief medical officer dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d . the disease , a scourge of victorian britain , was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside . scroll down for video . dame sally davies , the country 's chief medical officer , who has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin d supplements . now , it has been reported that professor davies has ordered the national institute for health and clinical excellence ( nice ) to review the cost of providing vitamin supplements to all children under the age of four , in a bid to reverse the trend . the move is being supported by one of britain 's leading experts on vitamin d deficiency at university college hospital london alastair sutcliffe , who has spoken about an ' epidemic ' of cases due to a lack of sun exposure and overuse of sunscreen . he told the sunday times : ' nothing is free but the cost of the ill-effects of deficiency , such as rickets and anaemia from families not providing children with these supplements is greater for the nhs . ' sunblock is so powerful it does work but you end up with no exposure to the sun . ' the outcome is that you are blocking out sunshine and you have a secondary effect of reduced exposure to sunshine which the human race needs . ' rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d and causes bone deformities such as bowed legs , pictured , and a curvature of the spine . rickets , which is also known as soft bones , can cause deformities such as bowed legs and a curvature of the spine . during the war children were given food supplements such as cod liver oil , but this practice stopped in the 1950s . an estimated 40 per cent of children are estimated to have vitamin d levels below the recommended amount . figures from the nhs show there were 833 hospital admissions for children suffering from the condition in the financial year 2012-13 . professor davies has previously spoken out about the advantages of giving free vitamins to young children . a scheme has already been set up in deprived areas of birmingham handing out supplements , which has halved the number of cases of rickets and other deficiency problems . she said : ' we are offering these vitamins to vulnerable children and the take-up is low , but many children not in these communities need them too . ' the nhs already recommends all youngsters aged six months to five years take the vitamins , but parents must pay for them unless they are part of the nhs’s means-tested healthy start scheme . professor davies said the uk’s record on children’s health used to be ‘ one of the best but we are now the worst’ . possible causes include lifestyle behaviours in pregnancy such as smoking , and poor care in infancy . rickets , or soft and deformed bones , was first noted by physicians in ancient rome but was not linked with lack of vitamin d until the start of the 20th century . it was common in victorian times because of lack of access to sunlight – which the body needs to make vitamin d – and poor diets . it mostly disappeared in the west during the 1940s thanks to the fortification of foods such as margarine , and children were also routinely given cod liver oil . rickets is still a major problem in third-world countries . however , uk cases have been rising in the past 15 years , from 183 in 1996 to 762 in 2011 . experts believe this is partly because children are eating less fish and eggs than in the past . they also blame extensive use of sunscreen , and children spending more time indoors .  