philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for jordan henderson . liverpool’s captain provided the 70th-minute assist for coutinho to break blackburn rovers’ resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a wembley date against aston villa a week on sunday . it has been a dramatic 24 hours for henderson , as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter , alba . the 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game . philippe coutinho hit the only goal of the game as liverpool advanced to the fa cup semi-finals . kolo toure ( left ) embraces new father jordan henderson on a day to remember for the liverpool captain . the brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team . as well as scoring the winner , he had the most shots , most touches , the highest duel success , highest dribble completion , and the most tackles . henderson said : ‘ philippe has a great football brain . it’s the easy bit giving it to him . another bit of brilliance wins the game and gives everyone a lift . ’ liverpool boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived . rodgers explained : ' his wife had a second child during the night so he had to go away , had n't slept so much , travelled all the way back again and put in the performance he did tonight . it was a real captain 's performance . ' he said to me , `` boss , as soon as the baby 's out , i 'll be coming back '' . ' brendan rodgers ( right ) looks on as his side navigated their way through a tricky tie at ewood park . liverpool celebrate a much-needed victory which sets up a wembley date with aston villa on sunday week . coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season — five of his six strikes have earned liverpool results ( four wins and a draw ) . rodgers thought the much-publicised review meeting he held with liverpool 's players on sunday paved the way for them to get back to winning ways in the fa cup . the reds boss had denied a report that an internal meeting following the 4-1 defeat to arsenal had descended into crisis talks and his players responded on the pitch by booking their spot in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley with a hard-fought 1-0 replay victory over blackburn . ' there was a lot made of that , ' he said . ' i 'm a coach who speaks openly to players . part of the coaching philosophy for me is about reviewing and reflecting performance . ' it 's something that we 've done all year when we were winning games . that provides us the lever to move forward - how can we be better , how can we improve ? ' because we lost a couple of games , there 's a lot been made of that meeting but that review was very , very important in how we want to work . if you do n't review and analyse your performance how can you get better ? ' 