strangers from around minnesota flocked to a ten-year-old girl 's birthday party , after several of her classmates did n't respond to their invitations , in hopes of giving her a celebration she 'll never forget . mackenzie moretter , who has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development , which makes it hard for her to socialize , told her parents she wanted a 'big-girl party ' for her tenth birthday . this meant inviting friends , but after her parents sent invitations to mackenzie 's classmates and heard no response , her mother jenny moretter took a different approach . jenny moretter went on facebook and posted in a few local groups asking families with girls around mackenzie 's age to stop by their shakopee home on saturday - and the response was overwhelming . scroll down for video . mackenzie moretter , of shakopee , minnesota , had a tenth birthday party on saturday that she 'll never forget after hundreds of strangers showed up to celebrate with her . mackenzie 's parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates , but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not rsvp . so mackenzie 's mother went on facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls mackenzie 's age to stop by their family home to celebrate . ' i want so much for much for mackenzie to belong and for her to have friends and people to accept her for who she is , ' jenny moretter told cbs minnesota . mackenzie told ksmp that she is often by herself on the playground , saying that ' kids do n't want to play me ' . her mother said that kids seem to like mackenzie , but they do n't seem to socialize with her . but after not getting rsvps and having families of mackenzie 's fourth-grade classmates cancel , she wanted to do something about it . ' i thought to myself , it is not going to happen again this year , ' jenny moretter said about her daughter who was diagnosed with sotos syndrome when she was one year old , and her skull did n't form completely , causing brain damage . she received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event titled , ' mackenzie 's birthday party ' . strangers of all ages showed up at a shakopee park on saturday to celebrate mackenzie 's tenth birthday . people came with gifts , food , chairs and even a banner that read , ' happy birthday mackenzie ' to be hung from the sheltered area in the park . she hoped that with her facebook posts that she would get comments from people wishing her daughter a happy birthday and a few families would show up to her family 's house . ' i honestly thought it would be a matter of a few other moms out there who i touched their heartstrings , ' she told cbs . but to her surprise , more than 700 people joined a facebook event she titled ' mackenzie 's birthday party ' . mackenzie 's dad , matt moretter , was just as surprised as his wife . ' jenny was hoping to get ten girls to show up and all of a sudden this happened , ' matt moretter told buzzfeed . ' we had hundreds of people arrive on saturday . ' mackenzie blew out the candles and helped her mom cut her frozen-themed birthday cake . cupcakes and other goodies were also supplied at the party . shakopee mayor issued a proclamation announcing that saturday would be mackenzie moretter day in the city , giving the girl a signed certificate of the declaration . mackenzie made new friends of all ages throughout the day . she said before the party that kids at her school do n't want to play with her so she 's often by herself on the playground . the party was moved to a local park , where city officials offered to host the family . people of all ages came with gifts , food , party favors and even a banner that read , ' happy birthday mackenzie ' . local companies donated food and people brought chairs to the area , and even a woman dressed as elsa from frozen showed up to celebrate . and shakopee mayor issued a proclamation announcing that saturday would be mackenzie moretter day , giving the girl a signed certificate of the declaration . matt moretter said the day was ' amazing ' , and he learned that his family was not alone in the birthday scenario they experienced . one family ( left ) stopped by to give mackenzie flowers , while a woman dressed as elsa from frozen ( right ) also made an appearance . mackenzie appeared to be all smiles throughout the day on saturday . hundreds of people came out to celebrate with her . ' there were so many people who had similar stories to ours that we got to meet , ' matt moretter told buzzfeed . and jenny moretter again went to facebook to thank all of the people who touched her family and made mackenzie 's birthday a day she would n't forget . ' i 'm overwhelmed with emotions , my heart has been touched by so many stories similar to mine or just people wishing her a happy birthday , ' she said . she added : ' i will never be able to thank you all enough for your kindness . ' i will not remember all your names or i may forget what was said or done but just know i am so incredibly grateful and blessed that you cared about my daughter . love to all . ' families played games and socialized at the shakopee memorial park . mackenzie had the chance to make friends from all over during the party . a camera crew showed up at one point during the day to interview young mackenzie and see how she was enjoying her big day . fox9 news took a group photo in front of a sign wishing mackenzie a happy birthday and posted it to twitter in celebration of the day 's events .