she 's been living in new york for a year now , and it seems that princess eugenie is right at home in the cosmopolitan city . the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday . the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt . princess eugenie , who recently turned 25 , was engrossed in her phone after indulging in some retail therapy at intermix in new york . topshop striped zip through skirt . earn your style stripes ! visit site . like the rest of the royals , princess eugenie must be counting down the days until the arrival of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second baby . but until then , she 's busy in the big apple ! luckily for our bank balances , eugenie is a high street gal at heart ( apart from the odd shopping spree at intermix ... ) and this is the second time this week we 've spotted her wearing affordable pieces . yesterday it was a zara biker coat , and this time around it 's this stripe skirt , which is from topshop . when teamed with her favorite pork pie hat ( also from topshop ) and black ankle boots , she 's got city chic sussed ! and the good news is that emulating eugenie could n't be easier . just click the link ( right ) to buy her skirt now , and if ( as we predict ! ) it sells out , shop our edit below . we love the zip front and patch pocket of this sixties-inspired style , which would look great dressed up with bare legs and heels , or down a la eugenie with tights and ankle boots . earn your style stripes ! 4si3nna textured stripe miniskirt at nordstrom . visit site . finders keepers tightrope skirt at urban outfitters ( now $ 69.99 ) visit site . nicole miller bold stripe mini skirt at zappos . visit site . missguided contrast check asymmetric mini skirt . visit site . proving she 's as thrifty as her royal relative , the duchess of cambridge , eugenie recycled her favourite leather-trim black coat for the second time this week . the young royal completed her look with a pair of chelsea boots and carried her favourite rebecca minkoff quilted handbag . the fashion fan appeared to have snapped up a few purchases , as she carried an intermix bag . intermix offers the most sought-after styles from an edited selection of coveted designers . according to the shop 's website , within the intimate shopping environment , personal stylists work one-on-one with clients to create looks from designers including stella mccartney , proenza schouler , missoni , j brand and chloe . princess eugenie showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , leather top and a black and cream miniskirt . the fashion fan carried a shopping tote from intermix , suggesting she made a few purchases at the store . the young royal completed her look with a pair of chelsea boots and carried her favourite rebecca minkoff quilted handbag for the second day in a row . on wednesday , the princess was seen out and about with a female friend rocking a similar urban chic outfit . at the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the uk , celebrated her 25th birthday . in the middle of a palace function , her father , prince andrew , whipped out his ipad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in manhattan . the shop stocks trendy brands including stella mccartney , proenza schouler , missoni , j brand and chloe . if that wasn’t enough , the prince got his 400-strong audience in the state apartments at st james’s palace to sing a cheery rendition of happy birthday , accompanied by a trumpeter from the scots guards . the royal , who was hosting the pitch @ palace event for entrepreneurs , introduced the stunned audience to the singalong at st james’s palace , saying : ‘ we are going to do something new this evening . ‘ the lady in the middle is my youngest daughter and it’s her 25th birthday today . ’ laughing eugenie , wearing a pair of novelty birthday candle glasses to mark the occasion , and accompanied by her sister , princess beatrice , and mother , sarah , duchess of york , smiled and waved . andrew told her : ‘ you will notice that we have somebody here to play ( gesturing to the trumpeter ) . ’ he then turned to the lance corporal and added : ‘ if you will lead us in happy birthday please ... ’ there were cheers from the crowd as the song came to an end , while plenty of others waved and tried to capture the moment on their camera phones . eugenie looked delighted and said she was ‘ very proud , pops’ of her father’s role in the awards , which celebrate innovation and technology in the creative industries . but the singalong did not impress his ex-wife , who joked - in the style of a eurovision announcement - that the rendition scored ‘ zero points’ . the duke of york holds an ipad as he invites the audience at the pitch @ palace event to sing happy birthday via facetime to his daughter princess eugenie . sarah added : ‘ we think you all need to go for choir practice . ’ andrew , however , was content with the gesture . ‘ having been told this was a bad idea , it worked , ’ he said . the prince , who used a pitch @ palace event last year to send the first royal selfie , joked : ‘’what was it somebody said about children and dogs ? ’ the social media-savy royal is also the only senior working royal to have his own personal twitter account . eugenie has been in new york for the past year , working for an online auction house . princess eugenie of york , pictured with her sister beatrice at attend the serpentine gallery summer party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure . 