they vanished from the earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age . now researchers believe they may have uncovered a possible explanation of what may have contributed to neanderthals eventual demise - they were not very adept at controlling fire . a team of archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa . neanderthals , like the reconstruction above on display at the natural history museum in london , may have finally died out as they were unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire . they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . they found that without fire , a group of neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did . they are often depicted as dim-witted evolutionary losers , but neanderthals were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains.. . instead , it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors , scientists believe . an analysis of archaeological evidence dating back 200,000 years strips away some of the myths surrounding neanderthals and reveals they were more advanced and sophisticated than has widely been thought . many researchers believe the differences between the two human species are not enough on their own to account for the demise of the neanderthals . neanderthals have been found to make stone tools and even made jewellery . eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at neanderthal site in krapina in croatia were used to create a necklace or bracelet 130,000 years ago . modern humans who regularly cooked their food could have then channeled this extra energy into growing their population and searching longer for food during lean periods . anna goldfield , an archaeologist at boston university who led the research , said : ' cooking makes meat more easily digestible , and that means that the calories that would 've been used to digest raw meat can go to other uses . ' i determined , importantly , that a diet of cooked meat meant that either foraging groups could travel a bit farther in their range of gathering , or since they were getting more out of a set of resources , they could stay longer in the same landscape . ' living from about 300,000 years ago to 40,000 years ago , they were known to make stone tools and were accomplished hunters . they spread through out europe and much of asia , and there is some evidence that they made jewellery and art . some researchers believe that they were also highly intelligent - possibly even as intelligent as modern humans , homo sapiens . there are a number of theories for what caused neanderthals to disappear - but most seem to agree it was the arrival of modern humans in europe and asia that played a role . some archaeologists believe they were unable to compete with modern humans , while others believe humans actively killed them . neanderthals vanished relatively quickly once modern humans arrived in the areas where they were living . however , dna evidence also suggests that neanderthals and modern humans also interbred . neanderthals use of fire is still a highly controversial issue , but if they had not used it to cook food as much as modern humans it would have put them at a definite disadvantage . miss goldfield said : ' there is certainly plenty of evidence that neanderthals used fire in europe as well as in the levant , africa , and elsewhere . ' i was absolutely not suggesting that neanderthals had no use or control of fire . what we do n't know is how intensively the populations used fire . ' what is an intriguing problem is the seeming lack of consistent fire use in the quina mousterian , a glacial phase of the middle paleolithic . ' we see a bit of burned bone at some sites , but really no evidence for lots of fire use . it may be that we have n't found it yet , or it may be that neanderthals were using other survival strategies . ' neanderthals probably were n't all that different from humans , but they may have adopted different strategies for dealing with their environment . ' miss goldfield , who conducted her research with ross booton , a mathematical biologist at the university of sheffield , suggests that with their bigger bodies , neanderthals would have needed more food than modern humans . recent research is suggesting that neanderthals were sophisticated and not very different from modern humans , increasing the mystery behind why they died out and homo sapiens managed to survive . she said : ' my real aim was to specifically look at the impact of cooking on metabolism , and whether regular cooking of food might have been an advantage for neanderthals . ' neanderthals were a bit more muscular and robust than early humans . neanderthal metabolic costs for a day 's activity would have been a bit higher . ' using their computer models they were able to simulate how the populations of neanderthals would change depending on their use of fire . they found that if modern humans used fire more often than neanderthals , then their populations would grow . both groups hunted and ate reindeer , among other large prey , that were prevalanet across much of europe at the time . but as modern human populations grew , it would also reduce the number of reindeer available for neanderthals . over time this could have increased neanderthals vulnerability to extinction . miss goldfield presented her findings at the annual meeting of the society for american archaeology in san francisco . she said : ' initial tests indimcate that cooking lean meat increases its caloric value sufficiently to offset up to 3.7 days’ worth of locomotion , or 12 kills per year , thus extending the carrying capacity of a landscape patch , particularly during periods of resource scarcity . ' she told livescience : ' fire use would have provided a significant advantage for the human population and may indeed have been an important factor in the overall collapse or absorption of the neanderthal population . '