the bbc has axed richard hammond and james may from the top gear website after co-presenter jeremy clarkson was sacked from the show . the motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet . it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the bbc for an ' unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer . scroll down for video . change : the top gear website now features an image of the stig on his own at the top of the page . before : the website used to feature an image of all three presenters - richard hammond ( left ) , jeremy clarkson ( centre ) and james may ( right ) as well as racing driver the stig ( far right ) . the bbc say the masthead change is to ' simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show ' . however the corporation is yet to confirm whether hammond , known as ' the hamster ' , and may , who is dubbed ' captain slow ' , will return to the popular show . both have recently changed their twitter bios too , with hammond saying : ' ca n't explain it really ... er , i do this car show and stuff . ' while may 's profile reads : ' former tv presenter only remembered for saying `` oh c*** '' . or was that the other bloke ? ' the pair also revealed today that they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections - raising more questions about the future of their employment . may is putting eight of his two-wheeled treasures under the hammer , while hammond , is doing the same with four of his . the bbc say the website change is to reflect the fact that none of the presenters are currently in contract . together the 12 bikes are estimated to be worth a guide price of £66,000 and are being sold off by auctioneers bonhams later this month . the top gear duo’s bikes are being sold off by auctioneers bonhams at their spring stafford sale later this month . may insisted the decision to sell the bikes came before the latest bbc top gear turmoil , saying : ’just because i’m unemployed now doesn’t mean i have to get rid of everything . ‘ i was going to sell these bikes anyway . and those paintings , and my collection of scalextric cars . honest’ . hammond added : ‘ as a serious collector of motorcycles , it’s important to review one’s stable regularly , and the bonhams stafford sale is the ideal opportunity to move bikes on and possibly acquire new ones . hammond and may also revealed they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections . the bbc confirmed they will fulfil the top gear live gigs , but they will be stripped of the corporation 's branding . ' i also have a canoe , and some wharfedale hi-fi speakers , if anyone’s interested’ . however the bbc has confirmed that top gear 's live world tour will go ahead next month , with the three original presenters at the helm . they will do a series of gigs , which have already sold 200,000 tickets worldwide and made £10million , but the show will be stripped entirely of all bbc branding . clarkson was sacked from top gear on march 25 after it was found that he had punched producer oisin tymon in a 30-second assault , leaving him with a split lip and needing hospital treatment . the bbc announced ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' following the suspension . jeremy clarkson was sacked by the bbc after he punched top gear producer oisin tymon ( pictured ) . 