britain 's got talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow . the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . but after the tv cameras subside , their show at the royal variety performance is over , and they 've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them ? scroll down for video . ant and dec pictured with popular dancing pair ashleigh and pudsey on britain 's got talent in 2012 . bgt judges simonm cowell ( left ) , amanda holden ( centre ) and aleesha dixon ( right ) at the bgt press launch last week . from the incredible success of paul potts and diversity to attraction 's questionable tactics and jai mcdowell 's ' album flop ' , we look back at the show 's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on bgt can make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes . the biggest star to come out of the show by far is scottish singing sensation susa boyle - but she did n't actually win . the reality show 's judging panel - simon cowell , david walliams , amanda holden and alesha dixon - have all said they are looking forward to finding fresh talent , and itv chiefs are expecting bumper audience ratings . but is it really worth signing up ? we look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme . paul potts . series 1 - 2007 . paul potts performs on britain 's got talent in june 2007 . welsh opera singer paul potts , from port talbot , remains one of the most successful winners of britain 's got talent . the classical singer 's post-show album one chance sold millions of copies and was no.1 in nine countries . in 2013 , james corden played paul in a holywood movie about his life called one chance . he is to perform during a short autumn tour at the aberystwyth arts centre in north wales on october 9 and rhyl 's pavilion theatre on october 14 . one chance ( 2013 ) , starring james corden as paul potts and alexandra roach as julie-ann cooper . paul and wife julie-ann pose on the red carpet prior the echo award 2014 at messe berlin , march 2014 . george sampson . series 2 - 2008 . george sampson , now 21 , from warrington , was just 14 when he won bgt . the street dancer ( and now actor ) is an official ambassador of the united dance organisation . george enjoyed a stint acting on waterloo road from 2011-2013 , and last year featured in an episode of the dumping ground on cbbc , as well as an episode of mount pleasant . he ahs also appeared in the films streetdance 3d and streetdance 2 . george sampson performs a show-stopping dance on britain 's got talent in may 2008 . now a young actor at 21 , he 's pictured at an in the night garden live show in london last may . diversity . series 3 - 2009 . street dance group diversity formed in 2007 and won the third series of britain 's got talent in 2009 , beating bookies favourite susan boyle to the no.1 spot . in 2009 they toured with bgt , while 2010 saw the first dates to their diversitoys tour sell out in 24 hours , and they 've been touring every year since . there is currently eight members , from leytonstone , dagenham and essex , which includes two sets of brothers . ashley banjo has become the standout star of the group , he is a member of the judging panel of sky1 's dancing talent show got to dance and has presented several other tv shows including ashley banjo 's secret street crew , with fellow members of the dance group . in early 2014 , a new sky 1 show called ashley banjo 's big town dance followed saw ashley and diversity trying to bring the residents of stockton-on-tees tr together through dance . perri kiely has also had extensive solo success , winning the second series of splash ! and working as a uk presenter alongside jordan banjo . but the group as a whole has also had lasting success commercially - they have appeared in a number of adverts for transformers toys , cadbury marvellous mix-up and british gas . diversity perform at the britain 's got talent final in may 2009 . diversity on stage during the invictus games closing concert in september 2014 . spelbound . series 4 - 2010 . gymnastic troup spelbound rose to fame in 2010 when they won the fourth series of britain 's got talent . they took away £100,000 and appeared at the 2010 royal variety performance , as well as performing in the britain 's got talent live tour . they have since performed at numerous venues and featured in tv adverts . spelbound in bgt in may 2010 . the gymnasts perform at the rays of sunshine concert at royal albert hall in june 2012 . jai mcdowall . series 5 - 2011 . jai mcdowall , now 28 , from scotland , won the fifth series of britain 's got talent . he received £100,000 , performed at the 2011 royal variety performance and was signed to syco music . however by 2012 , due to poor album sales , the singer/songwriter was dropped after fulfilling his one-album contract . he then , ironically , bought a house on fail avenue . in 2013 jai performed at the march & rally for scottish independence in edinburgh , and in 2014 he was the support act on the gareth gates uk tour . jai mcdowall failed to set the music world alight after winning britain 's got talent in 2011 and was dropped by syco records after his first album . but the singer continues to play gigs and last year he supported gareth gates on the pop idol singer 's uk tour . ashleigh and pudsey . series 6 - 2012 . ashleigh butler and her pet border collie cross , pudsey , stole the nation 's hearts as contestants in the sixth series of the television talent show britain 's got talent , which they won in may 2012 . their dog trick act has continued to be a roaring success - in 2012 pudsey had a role in the tv version of the book mr stink by david walliams . the pair also present the cbbc tv show who let the dogs out ? in 2014 , pudsey starred in the film called pudsey : the movie , with his character voiced by david walliams . for the last few years , they have also become a popular fixture on the pantomime circuit - this month they 're playing dorothy and toto in the easter pantomime of the wizard of oz at the playhouse in whitley bay . ashleigh and pudsey perform at the britain 's got talent final in may 2012 . ashleigh and pudsey , pictured here on the lorraine tv show in december 2014 have had roaring success since they won bgt . attraction . series 7 - 2013 . hungarian shadow theatre group attraction , from budapest , hungary , first rose to fame thanks to a performance at the hungarian olympic oath ceremony for the london 2012 olympics . less than a year later they won the seventh series of bgt . they 've since appeared on television several times , including on ant & dec 's saturday night takeaway . last year they fronted a tv advert for uk insurance broker swinton but they are yet to announce a tour . attraction perform on bgt last may . attraction on daybreak tv show in june 2013 . collabro . series 8 - 2014 . boy band collabro , who specialise in musical theatre , won the eighth series of britain 's got talent in 2014 . they signed a record deal with simon cowell 's record label syco music and their debut album , out in august 2014 , debuted at number one in the uk . they 're going on their first ever tour this year - watch this space . collabro perform on bgt last june . collabro perform at the christmas lights switch-on in manchester last november . susan boyle at her bgt audition in 2009 . susan boyle competed in bgt in 2009 , where she sang ' i dreamed a dream ' from les misérables . the crowd , who were initially sceptical of susan , were blown away by her performance , which has since been viewed more than 167 million times on youtube . susan was expected to win the bgt show , but was pipped to the post by the dance group diversity . but since coming second , she has gone on to become on of the most successful talent show contestants of all time . her debut album i dreamed a dream went to no.1 one around the world , including in the uk and the us , and became the uk 's best-selling album of all time . she has released six records in total , sold more than 19 million albums worldwide and received two grammy nominations .