joel ward has put pen to paper on a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace , keeping him at the south london club until the summer of 2018 . the 25-year-old , who has impressed at both left and right back for the eagles this season , has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions . speaking to the club 's official website about his new deal , ward said : ' i 'm really pleased . it 's been something that has been talked about a little bit and i 'm glad to now put that to the back and just concentrate with my football and i 'm delighted to have signed the deal . ' crystal palace right back joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with the south london club . ward has played 101 times for the eagles since joining from boyhood club portsmouth in may 2012 . ward has played every minute of palace 's premier league campaign this season , under three different managers , and his performances have warranted some shouts for an england call-up . last week 's win over champions manchester city saw ward make his 100th appearance for palace , and he cites the influence of manager alan pardew in his decision to sign a new deal . ' the relationship with the gaffer and the club helped . i 'm excited for what the next few years have in store . i love the passion of the club , the fans have been exceptional since i 've come here and they 've welcomed me with open arms . ward has been impressive at both left at right back this season , playing every minute in the premier league . ward cites palace boss alan pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new contract at the club . ward was signed by then palace manager dougie freedman ( right ) and he replaced nathaniel clyne ( left ) . ' it 's been a joy to play in front of them - especially at home - week in , week out . even the travelling support 's been incredible . ' ward joined palace in 2012 from boyhood club portsmouth , and proved to be a direct replacement for the outgoing nathaniel clyne , who himself has become an england regular since his move to southampton . he played an integral part in palace 's rise from mid-table championship side to secure premier league outfit , and is a fans ' favourite in south london .