manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match , luke shaw has revealed . as united kicked off their premier league season with a match against swansea in august , young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match , much to the amusement of his team-mates , who took advantage of the situation . speaking exclusively to match of the day magazine , shaw said : ' ashley young is the joker in the dressing room . we still laugh about the time he got bird poo in his mouth against swansea . manchester united left back luke shaw ( second left ) trains at the club 's aon complex on friday . shaw admits that ashley young is the biggest joker in the manchester united dressing room . he says the players still laugh at the time young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against swansea . ' if you ask him now , he 'll say it was n't bird poo . in the changing room we hung a fake bird above his place as a joke which he did n't like . ' shaw 's revelations come as he nears the end of his first season at old trafford . his transition from southampton star to £31.5million united man has been more difficult than he would have liked , with the left back making just 17 appearances this season . he has suffered a number of injuries , limiting his time on the pitch , but still appears to have settled into his new surroundings well . he admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper david de gea , who has been in impressive form on the pitch for louis van gaal 's side . according to shaw , he is not just a top goalkeeper , but is approachable off the pitch when players need advice too . according to shaw , united goalkeeper david de gea is the ' nicest guy in football ' and is always approachable . louis van gaal 's stern demeanour is not limited to the touchline ; at training he is equally as focused . shaw has struggled with a number of injuries since arriving at manchester united from southampton . ' david de gea is funny , he’s kind , if you want to talk to him you can talk to him – he’s the nicest guy in football ! 'he’s been unbelievable for us this season and kept us in so many games , he’s starting to become the best goalkeeper in the world . ” 'we’ve got a few spanish-speaking players and they’re always playing their music and dancing around – the english lads hate it . sometimes we can’t understand them , they say stuff to us and we’re like ‘ what ? ’” . after a disappointing campaign under david moyes last season , shaw 's arrival coincided with that of van gaal , who has turned things around at old trafford . now , united look certain to be heading towards a top-four finish , and shaw admits that van gaal 's pitch-side focus is n't limited to match-days ; at training he is just as stern . ' the manager is always focused on his job , and his job is to win games . i haven’t seen a cheeky side to him yet , but you could say he has one . ' when we’re on the training pitch it’s like a game day , 100 per cent focus , nothing will change his mind or his focus , he’s always on the ball . ' you can read the full interview with manchester united left back luke shaw in this week 's match of the day magazine , on sale between april 14-20 .