every police force in england and wales will be required to record anti-muslim hate crimes and treat them as seriously as anti-semitic attacks if the tories win the next general election , theresa may has announced . in a move hailed by islamic groups , mrs may said that police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category , just as anti-semitic crimes are recorded separately . at present some forces , including london’s metropolitan police , do record islamophobic crimes as such . other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm . scroll down for video . pledge : home secretary theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category . the new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of islamophobic hate crimes in britain . charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11 . but after incidents such as the murder of drummer lee rigby outside woolwich barracks in 2013 and the charlie hebdo attacks in january , there are spikes in incidents in the uk , say experts . mrs may made her pledge in a speech on counter-extremism to the foundation for peace in london just before parliament was dissolved . she told the conference : ‘ we will require police forces to record anti-muslim crimes as well as anti-semitic crimes . ’ on the same day , mrs may answered a question from labour mp kate green in parliament , who asked what steps the government was taking to record anti-muslim hate crimes . mrs may said : ‘ a conservative government would require the police to be recording muslim hate crime , anti-muslim incidents , as well as anti-semitic incidents . ’ the home office does not publish national statistics for islamophobic offences . the move by mrs may , pictured here with prime minister david cameron , has been hailed by islamic groups . but in 2013-14 , police recorded 44,480 hate crimes , an increase of five per cent over the same period the previous year across england and wales . the vast majority – 37,484 – were race-hate crimes . tell mama , a government-backed islamic group , said that more than half of all the victims ( 54 per cent ) of islamophobic incidents are women , perhaps because they ‘ appear more islamic’ , wearing the burka or headscarf . tell mama figures show that in the ten months after the lee rigby attack , a total of 734 incidents were reported to the organisation – an increase of 20 per cent on the same period the previous year . the most serious incident is believed to be the frenzied knife attack on saudi arabian student nahid almanea , 31 , in colchester , essex , in june last year . detectives believe she was attacked because she was wearing islamic clothes . so far no one has been arrested for the murder . mohammed amin , a patron of tell mama , said of mrs may’s speech : ‘ this is a positive step forward . ’ the muslim council of britain has also welcomed the proposal . iqbal sacranie , the group’s former secretary-general , said : ‘ this change will bring parity between muslim and jewish groups . ’