bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable — and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari . formula one’s puppeteer , who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 , was speaking after calling hamilton in for talks at his office in bahrain . hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes . he says that only small details need finalising , but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay . formula one supremo bernie ecclestone with lewis hamilton in bahrain . nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice . rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place . hamilton takes a corner in sakhir , bahrain ahead of ferrari driver sebastian vettel . that leaves the door ajar for hamilton to team up with sebastian vettel at ferrari to settle which of the pair , who hold six world titles between them , is the better driver . ‘ it would be great to see lewis at ferrari , ’ said ecclestone ahead of practice for sunday 's bahrain grand prix . ‘ whether sebastian would want that , i really don’t know . but if lewis went there , it would be great for the sport — 100 per cent . ’ every racer dreams of driving the red car of ferrari and , given their improvement in pace this season , they are an attractive proposition . hamilton is helped given the fact that ferrari president sergio marchionne has admitted privately that he covets the brit , rating him as the star driver of his generation . another team principal suggested ferrari might approach hamilton’s camp out of mischief to unsettle mercedes , who remain confident that only legal formalities are delaying them closing the deal . it also remains to be seen if vettel would veto a move for hamilton . it is understood that a clause in his contract would allow the german to do so . for now hamilton is putting his contract negotiations to one side in an attempt to extend his 13-point lead over vettel in the drivers’ championship . he won a titanic battle at the front in a memorable race here at bahrain’s sakhir international circuit last year against mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . hamilton’s confidence is high , a result of being in the form of his life . ‘i’ve almost surprised myself , ’ he said . ‘ i have been strong and built on last year . i have been adapting to things well . hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit , leaving him in second . sparks fly from the rear end of hamilton 's mercedes during a practice session in bahrain . ‘ winning a second title gives you an extra hop in your walk . i’m enjoying the feeling of the hard work i , and my team , have put in . ’ the problem for rosberg is how to stop a rival who is so confident . he did not manage it in china last week , where the pair rowed over how each conducted his race . did the bust-up rattle hamilton ? ‘ i just try and laugh it off and let it go over my head , ’ he said . ‘it’s irrelevant to the race result . i’m not one to arrive here and think , “i’ve got the upper hand ; just keep going” . ‘ i feel very strong in my understanding of the car and what i need to get from the tyres . my race craft is still there , race pace is good , and then qualifying has picked up a little bit . that has been a focus for improvement . ‘ but even in the last qualifying session my final lap in q3 was not perfect , so i’ve still got to improve that . ‘ overall i feel that if i remove the power of somebody else to give me confidence or take my confidence away , then i’m never affected . ’ sebastian vettel had issues throughout the day , eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place . vettel finished fourth , behind rosberg , hamilton and third-placed kimi raikkonen in bahrain .