police in texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest . the officer , ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday . when he arrived , he contained 27-year-old viviana keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her . johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story . investigation : police in red rock , texas , are into this video to see if officer ben johnson used excessive force when taking down viviana keith , 27 , who was arrested amid reports of drunken behavior and dui . excessive ? : the dramatic video shows the moment johnson slams keith into the ground , knocking her out . take-down : johnson says that keith was resisting him , so he threw her to the concrete of the parking lot . out : the move immediately knocked viviana keith unconscious , as her daughter ( left ) watched on . battered : vivian keith , seen here in her booking photo following the incident on tuesday , has been charged with dwi with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties . both videos show johnson throwing keith to the concrete ground of the parking lot . her head can be seen hitting the hard surface in the video taken nearby , and she passes out on impact . the main who took the video , who wished to remain anonymous , said he believed it was an excessive use of force . ' when i look back at the tape , i can see her head bounce off the concrete because when he threw her down , she was n't able to brace herself , ' the man told kvue . ' she was absolutely unconscious . ' there were a couple of other gentleman in the store with me and we were saying ' is she breathing ? ' ' because at first we were n't seeing her stomach rise and fall . ' another witness , viviana garcia , said she thought the woman had died . furthermore , the woman 's daughter , who is six-years-old , also saw the incident unfold . ' it looked like she was dead , ' garcia told the network . ' the little girl was screaming , ''mommy , mommy '' . ' dash cam : a second roll of footage was captured inside johnson 's car showing keith being arrested . resisting ? : johnson claimed that keith resisted him and that he was forced to take her down . slam : this is the moment officer ben johnson throws viviana keith to the ground during the arrest tuesday . round rock police chief allen banks said the calls his department received about keith said she was being ' very combative , very argumentative and also very intoxicated ' . callers also said that keith had left her daughter in the car . they said she was driving ' erratic ' and ' carelessly ' when she arrived . others claimed to have spoken to the daughter , who said she was hungry . internal investigation : round rock police chief allen banks says he has reviewed the footage and believes johnson acted within his rights . after seeing the footage , banks said he thinks the officer acted in the right way . ' the officer was very professional , was talking to her calm , he was n't excited , he was n't angry , ' banks told kvue . ' it 's unfortunate , the fact that this lady did what appears to hit her head and was knocked unconscious , but i 'll tell you , the officer did what he was supposed to do in a situation like that . ' keith was arrested and charged with dwi with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties . she is being kept at williamson county jail for the time being . the incident is being investigated , and johnson remains on the job .