paris saint-germain face nice on saturday , hoping to take ligue 1 's top spot from lyon but do so with a host of key stars missing , including captain thiago silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury . zlatan ibrahimovic , marco verratti and thiago motta all join silva on the sidelines for the trip to the mediterranean coast , while david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem , although he is still set to start . silva was pictured nursing his problem at home ahead of the game , with a full diagnosis yet to be completed by psg 's medical team . thiago silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury and will miss paris saint-germain 's game at nice . silva was substituted in the defeat by barcelona in midweek and the injury is still keeping him out . ' game ready ' , as seen being used by thiago silva , is a cold therapy compression system used to treat sports injuries . it circulates cold water around the injury , cooling it down with the aim to bring players back from injury as soon as possible . he posted an update on instagram , writing : ' guys , i 'm here to thank you all for your prayers ! ' yesterday i had the tests and the injury was very small , otherwise i could have been out for five or six weeks ! ' i 'm already in treatment to come back soon . remember , no prayer will be unanswered . ' psg coach laurent blanc said on friday : ' thiago silva is out for nice even if his injury is not as bad as first feared . ' the game against nice comes more than 24 hours before league leaders lyon face a tough task at home against fifth-place st etienne . a win in south east france would put the french champions a point clear of their closest rivals . lyon could take back top spot on sunday but blanc 's side will have a game in hand at the close of the weekend . ' it is not easy to prepare for this match , ' blanc said . ' we must turn in up in championship mode . in this final stretch , we no longer have room for error . ' laurent blanc said that silva 's injury is not as bad as first feared , and that was confirmed by the brazilian . david luiz may be forced to again return early from injury to cope with the loss of his countryman silva . with six games of the season to go for most sides , psg are favourites for to retain their crown with lyon and monaco now the only realistic competitors after marseille lost 1-0 at nantes on friday night . serge gakpe took advantage of an early defensive mix-up by the previous ligue 1 pacesetters to take all three points for nantes , and marseille coach marcelo bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title after the game . marseille coach marcelo bielsa ruled out any hopes of the title after his side lost 1-0 away at nantes on friday . ' a team that loses three consecutive matches in the closing stages of the championship can not hope to win the title , ' he said . ' our play as a team was n't good enough and it is purely the coach 's responsibility.we played poorly on an individual level too . we could have won but we played negatively and without fluency . '