he was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport , infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory . but the tiger woods who has turned up to augusta national this year is different . very different . earlier this week we were treated to the sight of woods embracing darren clarke on the practice ground . europe 's ryder cup captain is an old pal of tiger 's so that was unusual , but understandable . so too was the sight of him sharing a hearty laugh with his old mucker , mark o'meara . but dancing ? yes , tiger woods dancing . forget unusual , that is almost alarming . scroll down for video of tiger woods dancing while practising . tiger woods was spotted dancing while he practised on monday at augusta national . the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game . a video has emerged of the former world no 1 , with headphones in each ear , bopping away while he honed his wedge game on the practice ground on monday . no prizes for the first person to ask : ' was he listening to tiger feet ? ' augusta 's patrons were treated to another glimpse of the new , cuddly tiger on wednesday morning as he enjoyed another manly hug with veteran spaniard miguel angel jimenez . woods shared a warm greeting with miguel angel jimenez on wednesday morning . the 14-time major champion embraced the veteran spaniard on the practice ground at augusta . jimenez watches on as woods hits a drive during the build-up to the masters . perhaps the 50-year-old was offering woods some tips on how to play the course , having finished fourth last year . woods may be a four-time masters champion but he has not played competitively since the first week in february and has battled through a bout of the chipping yips . maybe the tunes have helped to release some of the tension in his short game . woods will also play in the traditional masters warm-up , the par-3 contest , for the first time in 11 years on wednesday . the 39-year-old will be joined by his daughter , sam , 7 , and his son , charlie , 6 , for the event , which is a light-hearted affair for the players and their families . woods and former champion ben crenshaw compare putters on the 13th green during a practice round . woods is watched by his coach , chris como , as he hits on the driving range on wednesday . meanwhile , australia 's marc leishman has withdrawn from the masters due to personal reasons . leishman 's wife audrey was taken ill with an apparent case of pneumonia last week and put into an induced coma in hospital . ' it is with both deep regret and incredible relief i am withdrawing from the masters tournament this week , ' leishman said in a statement . ' my wife audrey has survived a life threatening medical emergency and i have decided to remain by her side with our children . ' thanks to an incredible team of doctors and nurses audrey appears to be on the road to a full recovery . our two young children remain blessed to have the world 's best mum in their lives . i want to pass along our thanks to all who supported us through this difficult period . ' we ask that you keep audrey in your thoughts and prayers and i wish my best to all of the competitors for a great 2015 masters . ' leishman finished joint fourth at augusta when fellow australian adam scott won the masters in 2013 . he had been due to tee off at 4:03pm bst on thursday alongside former champion ian woosnam and erik compton . his withdrawal brings the field down to 97 players . 