bournemouth manager eddie howe expects the club 's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the barclays premier league . the cherries take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday followed by the visit of bolton nine days later and then a last-day trip to charlton . the four-horse race for automatic promotion - second-placed norwich face fourth-placed middlesbrough on friday night - is expected to go down to the wire with just two points separating those in contention . eddie howe and his bournemouth players applaud travelling fans after victory against reading . howe has called on supporters to inspire the cherries to win promotion from the championship . ' the pleasing thing from our perspective regarding our home form is that it 's improved as the season has gone on , ' howe told the club 's official website . ' we have become more consistent , more adept at dealing with the different problems that we face and how teams set up against us , so we are in a good place at home . ' hopefully the crowd can inspire us because we are going to need them more than ever . ' in these two games i 'm sure there will be moments where we are either under pressure or need a lift and that 's when hopefully they can do their bit for us . ' watford boss slavisa jokanovic refuses to look beyond saturday 's home game against birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two . slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham as watford chase automatic promotion . ' there are three games more , ' jokanovic told his club 's official website . ' we must continue , we must be ready . ' we know there is the chance of three more games after this , but we are not thinking of this . ' only birmingham city and three points on saturday . that is the focus . we can not talk about taking nine points because this is not what is in front of us . ' steve mcclaren 's derby must improve on their recent away form at huddersfield if they are to secure a play-off finish . the rams , who have not won at huddersfield since boxing day 1995 , have won only one of their last seven games on the road , while chris powell 's terriers are unbeaten in their last four matches . ipswich , brentford and wolves make up the four teams battling it out for the last two play-off places . mick mccarthy will take luke chambers ( above ) to his former club wolves at the weekend . mick mccarthy takes his tractor boys to molineux for a potential humdinger against former club wolves , while brentford face bolton at griffin park . wigan will be relegated for the second time in three seasons if they fail to beat brighton at home . relegation rivals millwall will look to build on tuesday night 's home win against wigan with victory at cardiff . leeds , who have lost their last four matches , are chasing their first win in six at charlton , nottingham forest are bidding to halt their five-game unbeaten run at blackburn and fulham aim to edge closer to survival with victory at relegated blackpool . 