the director of public prosecutions who let off lord janner over alleged child sex abuse started her career at a legal chambers when the disgraced labour peer was a top qc there . alison saunders , 54 , sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . today , newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years . and now it has emerged mrs saunders ' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract at 1 garden court chambers in london in 1983 . it has been revealed that the country 's top prosecutor alison saunders ( right ) who ruled that lord janner ( right ) would not face trial over alleged child sex abuse trained at the same legal firm where he was a qc . last night , the sun revealed that mrs saunders trained in the same in legal chambers where lord janner had practised . the bar council , the training body for barristers , confirmed janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986 . but a spokesperson for the cps insisted the pair had never met , despite a three-year overlap of their time at the firm . she told mailonline : ‘ it is common knowledge that alison saunders had her pupillage at garden court chambers . ' but the dpp and lord janner have never met . this is ridiculous . ’ the chambers were saunders and janner practised at 1 garden court was dissolved in 1989 . since then , a different and unconnected family law chambers has operated from the same address . by richard marsden for the daily mail . alison saunders graduated in law from leeds university in 1982 and was called to the bar in the following year . her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – was at 1 garden court chambers , the same offices where lord janner practised employment law . she joined the crown prosecution service in 1986 , after which she shaped policy on child victims . in 2001 , she became chief prosecutor for sussex and oversaw the prosecution of paedophile roy whiting for the abduction and murder of sarah payne . after a short time as deputy legal adviser to the attorney general from 2003 , she returned to the cps two years later to set up its organised crime division . in 2009 , she became chief crown prosecutor for london and then director of public prosecutions in november 2013 . now , the country 's top prosecutor is facing calls to quit from campaigners and alleged abuse victims . pete saunders , director of the national association for people abused in childhood , said the revelation is ' an insult ' to survivors of abuse . he told the sun : ' on the evidence how can we not conclude that they might be covering for each other . lord janner ( pictured after being sworn in as a queen 's counsel in 1971 ) worked at garden court chambers from the mid-1950s until 1986 . it is scandalous and an insult to to all the survivors who have spent decades fighting to get themselves heard . ' the crown prosecution service concluded there was enough evidence to charge janner with 22 offences from 1969 and 1998 . while admitting that dementia is not ' a bar ' to prosecution , mrs saunders has defended her decision not to bring charges against janner , adding she was surprised at the political backlash she has faced . janner’s family have issued a statement insisting he was ‘ entirely innocent of any wrongdoing’ - but he has been suspended from the labour party . ‘ dementia in itself isn’t a bar to either a trial or to a trial of the facts , but you have to look at – and the law is very clear about this – is there a need to have a trial on the facts for the public protection ? ’ she told the bbc . ‘ in many of the cases where we do use that procedure , it’s because there’s an ongoing risk to the public . again the medical evidence was very clear in this case : there was no ongoing risk . ’ but her links to the shamed peer come as it emerged the judge tasked with reviewing the mistakes that prevented janner from being brought to trial in the past was a close friend of the barrister hired to defend janner against claims of abuse . lord janner turned to the late george carman qc - who also represented paedophile jimmy savile - when he was first investigated in 1991 . sir richard henriques considered mr carman a mentor at the bar , the times reported . but mrs saunders has insisted that sir richard 's friendship with mr carman would have no influence on the review . 