frozen salt and vinegar crisp , anyone ? we all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods . but believe it or not , the process can make some things taste even better . from cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture . here , tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test . . . cakes . if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again . resist the temptation to cut that first slice straight away and , instead , put your cake into the freezer . scroll down for video . the gooey deliciousness of a cake fresh out of the oven is unbeatable but they can dry out and get stale very quickly . freeze your cake for 24 hours straight from the oven and the sponge will be bouncier than ever . after being frozen for 24 hours , the sponge will be even bouncier because this process boosts the moisture , so you get an even creamier and softer centre . let your cake cool entirely , then put it into the freezer without a wrapping . once frozen solid , wrap it in clingfilm , and it can be kept frozen for up to three months . when you are ready to tuck in , defrost for up to three hours , until thawed . herbs and spices . keeping fresh herbs in the freezer will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process . once defrosted , it also makes them softer , so all their lovely juices seep out more readily and the flavours are more potent . tough herbs such as rosemary and thyme preserve the best , but ginger , lemongrass , garlic and chilli will last up to six months when frozen . by keeping fresh herbs in the freezer you will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process . just pop stems in a plastic container and freeze . you can sprinkle frozen chilli , garlic and ginger into stews , fishcakes or curries . frozen herbs are also brilliant in pies , pasta and pestos . you can even freeze them in ice cube trays with a drizzle of water . that way , they can go straight into a stew or soup — no defrosting needed . crisps . left out for just a few hours , crisps will start going stale and soggy . but even wrapping left-overs in clingfilm to seal out the oxygen won’t keep them super crunchy . crisps have a tendency to go stale and soggy once they have been left out for a few hours but this problem can be solved if you simply pop them in an airtight back and put them in the freezer . so if you’ve ever found yourself scoffing a big bag just so that they aren’t wasted , stop right now . pop the crisps in an airtight bag and place them in the freezer . they will stay fresh for at least two months . by extracting air , freezing makes the crisps crunchier and they can even be eaten straight from frozen . nuts . once you open a bag of nuts , the clock starts ticking . as nuts have a high oil content , they go rancid very quickly . now , you have a solution — freezing will preserve the flavour and texture instantly . due to the high oil content of nuts , they go rancid very quickly but freezing them will preserve the flavour and texture right away . to freeze peanuts , walnuts , pecans , macadamias , cashews , hazelnuts and almonds ( shelled or unshelled ) , wrap them in clingfilm , then place them in a resealable bag . they will keep for up to a year and , when you want to eat them , they’ll defrost in less than an hour . tomatoes . fed up with struggling to peel the skins off tomatoes ? freeze them first then , once thawed for two hours , the skin will come off easily . that’s because the freezing process loosens the skins . while you probably won’t want to use frozen tomatoes in salads , as it makes the flesh slightly squishy , it does intensify the flavour . peeling the skin off tomatoes can be really tricky , but if you freeze them and let them thaw for a couple of hours the skin will come off much more easily . so , once defrosted , you can use your tomatoes to make richer sauces for pasta and stews , or as a topping for pizzas . alternatively , before freezing , roast your tomatoes at a gentle temperature with garlic , fresh herbs and a drizzle of olive oil for up to four hours . when cooled , transfer them to freezer bags . use in chilli or home-made tomato sauces . curry . curries don’t only have to be enjoyed the first time round — you can freeze the leftovers and reheat when needed . freezing a curry is a great way to make the most of leftovers especially because as the curry cools the flavours and aromas combine to create even better seasoning . and hey presto ! , they taste even yummier . that’s because , as the curry cools , the flavour and aroma compounds mingle together , developing more seasoned notes . the individual flavours you tasted the first time around , such as cinnamon , garlic and nutmeg , are still there . but the effect is more mellow . raspberries . frozen raspberries are great scattered on muesli , added to ice cream or whizzed in smoothies . while freezing may make the berries a bit softer , it accentuates their sharp , fresh flavour , too . frozen raspeberries can be delicious when sprinkled through muesli , added to ice cream or whizzed into a tasty fruit smoothie . place your berries in a single layer on a baking tray and put the tray in the freezer . once they are frozen , you can put them into an airtight bag or plastic container and store in the freezer . they will stay good for up to a year . bananas . fancy a healthy , guilt-free ice cream ? then tuck into a frozen banana after dinner . bananas have a high pectin content , which gives them a creamy , rich texture when frozen — just like ice cream . when bananas are frozen they adopt a creamy , rich texture which makes them a great guilt-free ice cream . to freeze , peel a ripe banana and chop into thin slices . put into an airtight container and freeze until solid ( around two hours ) . decant the slices into a blender or food processor and whizz . in seconds , your frozen banana will look just like ice cream and taste every bit as yummy . scoop into a bowl and enjoy . for an indulgent treat , add chocolate chips or nut flakes . 