a mysterious benefactor has donated £1.5million to bath abbey which was posted to church in a plain brown envelope . the donor , who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named , sent the money along with a note , saying they wanted to help safeguard the church ' for the next hundred years ' . the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund , which is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor , fit heating powered by the bath springs , and expand the building . a mysterious benefactor posted the plain brown envelope to officials at bath abbey , pledging £1.5million to the church 's £20million restoration fund . laura brown , who is heading up the footprint restoration project , said she had to read the letter twice before she could believe it was real , adding that she had to have a ' sit down ' afterwards . the donation was accompanied by a note , which reads : ' much impressed by the care and the consultation with has been put in by the abbey , which is such a vital part of bath’s future . ' this generation has a solemn duty to ensure the abbey is fit and able to carry out its service to the city and the community for the next hundred years . ' the church has been granted £10.4million of heritage lottery funding , but only provided they can raise the additional £7.1million themselves by the end of the year . before the mysterious benefactor came forward , the largest single donation the church had received was £1.1million from the congregation and charity friends of bath abbey . the footprint project was granted £10.4million of heritage lottery funding to repair the floor , and expand the building , but only if the church can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year . the church congregation , and charity friends of batch abbey , donated £1.1million to the project , but the anonymous donor topped that , with their gift of £1.5million . laura brown , 48 , who is heading up the footprint project , told mailonline : ' we received it in the post , just like any normal letter , and it was in a plain brown envelope just like any normal letter . ' your first thought is `` no , hang on , that ca n't be right '' but then you read it again and realise , this is actually happening . i had to have a sit down for a while . ' of course there is gratitude , but there 's also this glow you get . the team believe in this project so much and it feels so good to see that someone else sees the same thing . ' not only that but that person has the resources to be able to really make something happen , and hopefully inspire other people as well . ' she added that the church still needs to raise £4.1million in the next eight months , but that cash donations have already started arriving , and more people are also pledging money . part of the bath abbey rennovations will see it fitted with an eco-friendly underfloor heating system which uses water from the river avon , warmed by the town 's springs . speaking after the first £1.1million was donated , reverend prebendary edward mason , said : 'it’s wonderful , what a remarkable group of people . ' less than six months ago , the abbey invited its members to consider the footprint project by pledging gifts . ' in this short space of time , the total raised has risen to £1.1 million , an amazing response . ' footprint is about sustaining a christian presence at the abbey in the heart of bath for the next century and these gifts demonstrate the congregation and the friends of bath abbey’s commitment to the project . ' 