the mother of a recovering anorexic has taken the brave decision to reveal shocking photographs of her daughter 's frail five-stone frame to help others gripped by the devastating eating disorder overcome their illness . consumed by an obsession with the ' perfect body ' , emma walker slipped into a dangerous cycle , her weight plummeting in a matter of months . such was the severity of her eating disorder , that the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions . today , emma , whose decision to release the photos is supported by her mother kim waddington , said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers . by combating the compulsion to be skinny - and instead focusing on getting fit and building her muscle definition - she is now a healthier eight stone . emma walker became obsessed with achieving the ' perfect body ' . within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone ( left ) as the eating disorder anorexia took hold . today , weighing a healthier eight stone ( right ) the 15-year-old is sharing her story to help others . emma 's mother kim , left , said it was devastating watching her daughter face her ' horrific ' ordeal . ' i would n't want anyone to go through what i went through , ' emma said . ' i went through hell . ' i 've realised i was miserable when i 'd lost weight . ' but i 've learned so much from what i 've been through and if my story can even help one person beat anorexia , i would be so happy . ' i 'm 10 times stronger than i 've ever been before . ' ms waddington described watching her daughter battle the eating disorder as a ' horrific ' ordeal . ' i felt so out of control and every day is a battle . i woke up thinking about it and would go to bed thinking about it , ' she said . ' it 's a monster that had taken over my daughter and we were fighting that monster every day . it was horrific watching my daughter go through it all . ' emma , from blaby , leicestershire , first felt the urge to lose weight after seeing pictures of celebrities in magazines . quickly , she said , it became an obsession . she said : ' whoever was on the front cover , i wanted to be like them . ' i became very depressed about the way i looked because i was n't as skinny as them , i did n't want to look in the mirror anymore . ' within weeks her weight had plummeted to eight stone , but she was compelled to shed more . ' i would go online about 100 times a day , obsessively trying to find new ways of losing weight , ' she said . ' i tried every diet i could find as i thought it would make me perfect . ' my body image changed but i still thought i was big ; i wanted to lose more weight . ' by the time she returned to school in september , emma had dropped to a size four . she described herself as having ' an addiction ' to losing weight . ' by the time i went back to school in september , i was barely eating anything , ' she said . ' when i first started , people were complimenting me so it made me want to keep going , it was addictive . ' emma , pictured left and right while battling anorexia , first felt the urge to lose weight after seeing pictures of celebrities in magazines and social media sites . quickly , she said , it became an obsession . but after being admitted to hospital twice , and extensive counselling , the teenager said she is now on the road to recovery , gradually gaining weight again , left and right . however , during her first term back in school , emma 's condition deteriorated as a result of no food and excessive exercise . ' i was exhausted , ' she said . ' i would get colds frequently , my immune system was weak and a thin layer of hair had grown all over my body in an attempt to keep me warm . ' worst of all , my periods had stopped . now , looking back , that 's one of the major warning signs - when you 're body is n't healthy enough to carry a baby . ' finally , after resisting initially , emma went with mother kim waddington , 46 , to see her gp during the october half term . he told emma definitively that she was anorexic and sent her straight to hospital . however , the teenager said being told how sick she actually was did not change anything in her mind . ' being told i was anorexic did n't really change anything within me , i was still in denial , ' she said . ' it felt like i was being forced to recover and that was n't the right environment for me . ' in the end , i was drinking water and hiding food in my dressing gown to make people think i was improving . they let me out of hospital but i still was n't gaining weight . ' emma 's continued lack of progress started to cause arguments at home sparking ' hysterical ' rows with her mother . ' it got really bad , i was throwing things at her as she was making me eat , ' she said . ' she was distraught ; i know now she was doing it for my own good but at the time it felt like she was punishing me . ' by combating the compulsion to be skinny and rather focus on getting fit and building her muscle definition , emma is now a healthier eight stone . emma was admitted to hospital again in january - it proved to be the turning point . ' when i was admitted again , i was told my urea level was 15 when it is supposed to be 6 , meaning i was dangerously dehydrated , ' she said . ' my blood pressure was off the scale as well . it was then i realised that i could n't do this anymore , my family did n't deserve what i was putting them through . ' i started going to counselling and it changed my outlook on the whole thing , it made me want to get better rather than feeling like i was being forced . ' i stopped looking at thin people on instagram and started looking at body-building pictures , it made me think i want to be strong , not skinny , and it has made me slowly improve . ' now at a much healthier weight , emma says she still has bad days but that she now wants to act as an inspiration to others . ' everyone has bad days when they get up and do n't like the way they look , and i 'm no different , ' she said . ' but people need to know that if you want to get yourself out of anorexia enough , it can be done . ' if my story can stop someone feeling as low as i did , i will be really happy . ' sufferers of eating disorders can find out more and access help via the charity beat .