a group of muslim migrants have been arrested for ' aggravated murder ' after allegedly throwing 12 christians into the mediterranean sea during a recent crossing from libya , italian police reports . witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily , after which the men were thrown to their deaths . a group of 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate , ' palermo police said in a statement . murders : a fight over religion broke out on a boat carrying 105 migrants from libya , after which 12 men ' professing the christian faith ' were thrown to their deaths . pictured : migrants are transferred to holding centers after disembarking from in augusta 's port , near siracusa , sicily . italian police say they were informed of the alleged attacks by a group of nigerian and ghanaian survivors upon their arrival in palermo , sicily yesterday . the survivors said they had boarded a rubber boat on the libyan coast on april 14 , which had 105 passengers aboard . during the crossing , a fight broke out over religion , with the group of muslim passengers threatening the nigerians and ghanaians after the latter declared themselves to be christians . ' the threats then materialised and 12 people , all nigerian and ghanaian , are believed to have drowned in the mediterranean , ' the police statement added . the 15 migrants arrested over the attack on their arrival in palermo are from the ivory coast , senegal , mali and guinea bissau . a group of 15 muslim men , from the ivory coast , senegal , mali and guinea bissau , have now been arrested on suspicion of ' multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' ( not pictured ) . italian red cross operators give first aid to immigrants as they arrive in the italian port of messina yesterday . this week , italian coastguards intercepted more than 42 boats attempting to make the crossing to europe . the police statement said their motive for the attack was that the victims ' professed the christian faith while the aggressors were muslim . ' this followed reports earlier today of a shipwreck feared to have cost 41 lives off the italian coast . four men , two nigerians , a ghanaian and one from niger , who had been rescued while floating in the mediterranean by an italian navy helicopter reported the shipwreck once they arrived in the italian port of trapani today . they said had left tripoli in libya on saturday and stayed adrift for four days . the new tragedies come just days after aid agencies reported 400 presumed dead in the sinking of another ship near the libyan coast . the deaths have raised calls for a more robust search and rescue of the seas between libya and europe amid a surge in migration between the middle east and africa toward italy .