children may be drawn to greasy fries and burgers , but fatty foods can reduce the speed at which their brains work , according to a new study . it found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete , the researchers said . a new study has found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . a stock image is pictured . for the study , scientists at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours . the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task . their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents , and which was overseen by a dietician . ' children consuming diets higher in saturated fats exhibited longer reaction time during the task condition requiring greater amounts of cognitive flexibility , ' the study says . a stock image of neurons is shown . researchers at virginia tech college of agriculture and life sciences claim that eating fatty food for just five days can change the body 's metaboilsm for the worse . this is because it disrupts the way muscles break down sugar in the blood and potentially lead to long-term problems such as weight gain , obsesity and other health problems . ' most people think they can indulge in high-fat foods for a few days and get away with it , ' said matt hulver , an associate professor at the college . ' but all it takes is five days for your body 's muscle to start to protest . ' this research shows that our bodies can respond dramatically to changes in diet in a shorter time frame than we have previously thought . students were given a diet containing 55 per cent fat and after five days muscle samples were collected to see how they metablised sugar . dr hulver and his team found that after five days of eating lots of fat , the muscles ' ability to oxidise glucose was disrupted , meaning that it was n't broken down into energy as easily . writing in the journal appetite , the researchers said : ‘ cognitive flexibility is important because it comprises the ability to switch perspectives in daily life – for example , viewing a problem from the point of view of others or from a different direction , and involves being flexible enough to adjust to changing demands or priorities . ‘ following adjustment of confounding variables - age , sex , socioeconomic status , iq , vo2max ( the rate at which the body can use oxygen during exercise ) and bmi , children consuming diets higher in saturated fats exhibited longer reaction time during the task condition requiring greater amounts of cognitive flexibility . ‘ further , increasing saturated fat intake and dietary cholesterol were correlated with greater switch costs ( such as the difference in performance and accuracy between repeating a task and switching a task ) , reflecting impaired ability to maintain multiple task sets in working memory and poorer efficiency of cognitive control processes involved in task switching . ‘ these data are among the first to indicate that children consuming diets higher in saturated fats and cholesterol exhibit compromised ability to flexibly modulate their cognitive operations , particularly when faced with greater cognitive challenge . ’ previous studies have found that aerobic fitness and obesity can also affect a child’s cognitive flexibility .