two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him . the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday . the officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown dallas campus . scroll down for video . two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him . the footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall , while one of the two campus cops searched , questioned , and even hit one of the teens . the school reportedly wo n't say why the teens were stopped and frisked , but adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted . ' instead of asking them to move along like she should have , she told them to put their hands against the wall , and that 's where the video picks up , ' adams told wfaa . ' i was horrified the way she was treating these kids as criminals for nothing . ' his cell phone video , which surfaced on you tube , shows one of the students being slapped by an officer before she handcuffs him . ' i 've got a lot of stuff on my belt i could use on you this afternoon . i guarantee you i will be glad to use it , ' she is heard saying to another of the group . the school reportedly wo n't say why the teens were stopped and frisked , but the student will filmed the incident has said he believes the officers totally overreacted . she also asked them if they had any dope on them and then proceeds to search their pockets and grab at their clothes . el centro college president jose adames has said a full investigation is underway . ' in this case we decided to do a thorough investigation , and place two officers on leave because of the interactions we saw in the video , ' he told cbs dfw . the college has said it is seeking an opinion from the texas attorney general and is n't releasing the police report because the subjects in the incident are minors . the school has 10,000 students and is part of the dallas county community college district . the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday . 