after helping sale sharks to a 23-6 victory against gloucester last saturday , danny cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby by jetting off to dubai for a short break . cipriani contributed 13 points from the boot in a fine display against the cherry and whites and with sale out of contention in europe , cipriani and his team-mates have the weekend off to recharge ahead of a crucial final four rounds of aviva premiership action . steve diamond 's side will face london irish , harlequins , newcastle and exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish and qualification for next season 's european champions cup - and a short break looks to be the perfect preparation for cipriani who has been integral to sale 's improved form this season . danny cipriani is currently relaxing on holiday in dubai before sale 's last four aviva premiership games . with sale out of contention in europe , cipriani took advantage off a free weekend to chill out on holiday . sale are currently seventh in the league standings and although a play-off place is not out of the question , head coach diamond conceded that a top-six finish looks more likely . ' the first goal is to qualify for the champions cup and we want to finish in sixth to do that , ' diamond said earlier this week . ' we 'll just try to win every game . if we do then we will finish in the top six , but i do think the top four is a bit away from us and we 're probably just off that . cipriani fires over a conversion during sale's 23-6 victory against gloucester last saturday . cipriani tackles gloucester centre billy twelvetrees during the clash at the aj bell stadium . ' we 've not got a squad that can compete with the top four , but at home we 're a good side and it 's difficult ( to come here ) as we 've proven against gloucester , northampton and saracens . cipriani has been in superb form for sale this season and was rewarded with a call-up to stuart lancaster 's squad for the 2015 rbs 6 nations campaign . george ford was very much the first choice fly half for the tournament , but cipriani made a number of impressive cameos from the bench against italy , scotland and france . cipriani crosses for a late try during england 's 47-17 victory against italy at twickenham in february . the sale playmaker capped off his first appearance at twickenham since november 2008 with a late try in the 47-17 victory against the azzurri in february . cipriani will be back in action on april 12 as sale travel to the madejski stadium to take on london irish in the aviva premiership .  