a 1,200lb-man forced to move from his financially-troubled nursing home was hoisted from the building by a crane and driven to his new residence on a flatbed truck . robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston . he was accompanied by his medical team . the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments , lifespan , the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast . scroll down for video . robert butler was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston on sunday after his nursing home shut down amid financial difficulties . in this 2009 image , he weighed 900lbs . he has since gained another 300lbs . the rhode island health department acquired a crane from bay crane northeast to help with their operation . mr butler was moved to his new hospital resident in a shipping container alongside his medical team to monitor his health . according to target 12 , the complex operation began with firefighters widening the door of butler 's room , then building a special ramp to move mr butler on to a deck . he was then shifted into the shipping container , complete with medical equipment , and lifted with a crane down on to a flatbed truck . michael raia of the rhode island executive office of health & human services said planning for the move began weeks ago . mr raia said the new facility is better equipped to help butler . in 2006 , mr butler , who is on permanent disability , told local news channels that his bed was broken at the nursing home and he was not receiving proper care . at the time , he weighed 900lbs and was trying to find a doctor to perform a gastric bypass and a way to cover the cost of the medical bills . he told wpri that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food . the crane was used to hoist mr butler in a medically-equipped shipping container from the nursing home on to a flatbed truck on sunday afternoon . mr butler weighs around 1,200lb after a decade of battling his weight which he linked to depression . mr butler said in an interview in 2006 ( pictured ) that he was desperate for a gastric bypass but was unable to find a doctor to perform the surgery . at the time he weight 900lb . 