tragedy : carwyn scott-howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps . the family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the french alps have paid tribute to their ' daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff . it is thought carwyn scott-howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine . he was on holiday with his mother ceri scott-howell , nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn , 19 . carwyn 's parents , ex-nurse mrs scott-howell and husband rhys , a former butcher , rent out self-catering cottages and run a farm . they bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ' the good life ' . carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes for its speciality sausages and has sold scotch eggs to prime minister david cameron . his family last night said his death had left them feeling ' utter devastation ' with a ' vast void in our hearts ' , adding that he was ' a very competent skier ' who had started aged three . a statement released through the foreign office said : ' he was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky ' . last night , the family , from talybont-on-usk , near brecon , wales , remained in the alpine resort of flaine – a 38-mile drive from chamonix – in free accommodation provided by the hotel . they are expected to leave today . police sources said the boy 's body may be expatriated today after final post-mortem examinations yesterday . the family were enjoying the last run of their trip in perfect conditions in the town of flaine when antonia fell over and her mother stopped to help her . within moments carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and tv presenter bear grylls , is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in nearby woodland . trbute : carwyn scott-howell 's family called the ' caring ' boy ' daring and determined ' after he was killed after falling from a cliff while on an easter skiing trip to the french resort of flaine . he skied 100 yards off-piste , where trees were just a yard apart . unable to weave through , he took his skis off and is thought to have started sliding on his bottom or running . last night , there were reports carwyn could have been trying to get to his hotel , les terrasses d'eos , which can be seen from the ski slope . he continued 400 yards , until he plunged off the side of the mountain and fell 164ft . it is believed he landed on a rocky ledge . in a statement released to the foreign office , his family described carwyn as a ' daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and a ' very competent skier and snowboarder ' . they said they were enjoying their last ski run together when carwyn 's sister ' lost her ski on a jump and at this point carwyn skied ahead ' . ' he was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky . ' carwyn was a very competent skier and snowboarder who had started skiing at the age of three and spent several weeks each year skiing . we had spent the most happy ski holiday together in the french ski resort of flaine . ' the statement went on to explain how the family became separated on their last run of the day on friday afternoon . ' the family were all enjoying their last ski run over the small jumps and bumps at the side of the slope together , when carwyn 's sister lost her ski on a jump and at this point carwyn skied ahead , ' it said . ' the family can not explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts . the family would like to thank all their friends and family for their support at this time and the vast help from the british consulate . ' the family now ask for time to grieve in private . ' scene : carwyn 's family are believed to be staying in this hotel , close to the slopes where the seven-year-old died . family : the youngster lived on a farm near brecon , which is well known for its produce . here prime minister david cameron buys scotch eggs from carwyn 's father rhys at the royal welsh show last year . after a search spanning two hours , a rescue helicopter spotted carwyn 's body . as the vehicle was unable to land , crews were winched down to reach the boy , who was declared dead at the scene after 7pm . michel ollagnon , police commander from nearby bonneville , said carwyn was found wearing his glasses , dispelling reports he went into the woods because he did not have them on . despite initial reports that carwyn 's mother had let him try the last run of the day alone , mr ollagnon said : ' in fact…he went up with his mother , sister and brother . ' the sister fell , the mother stopped and the little boy went off…why he went in that direction , we do not know … one thing is sure , the skis were found quite a way from the cliffside . ' pierre-yves michau , the judge heading the investigation into carwyn 's death , said the inquiry was still trying to verify all the circumstances surrounding the incident . he said : ' the mother last saw her son at about 4pm . she returned to where they were staying because she thought he had returned on his own to the resort . but he was n't there so she returned to the mountain . accident : the welsh schoolboy is believed to have got lost in the woods pictured here , before falling to his death from the cliffs below . carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and tv presenter bear grylls , is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in woodland to get back to flaine , pictured . ' she asked everyone if they had seen him . it was about 6pm when she spoke to the pisteurs because she thought he had returned on his own . ' he added : ' he had left the piste and then was in the forest and he took his skis off because perhaps the snow was not very good . ' he descended . he continued on foot . between the piste and where he fell it would have been about 15 minutes . ' there are footprints in the snow after the point where the skis had been left for several tens of metres . ' family friends in brecon yesterday paid tribute to the boy . one said : ' carwyn loved exploring . that 's what he spent all his time doing . ' he was a little adventurer . he was quite fearless really . he 'd always be out in nature . ' another friend added : ' he idolised bear grylls and loved spending his time in the woods … he 'd grown up in the mountains and [ was ] used to those kind of conditions , which makes this awful accident all the more tragic . ' holiday : carwyn 's family has said ' the most happy ski holiday ' in flaine , france , turned to tragedy after carwyn became detached from the group on the last run of the day . a worker at flaine hire shop ski set , who gave her name as charlotte , said : ' the slope is about 40 metres [ 131ft ] wide . ' you would have to really try to come off the piste … the trees are about 1.5 to two metres [ 6ft 6in ] high . he must have had to push through … it seems he could see the hotel from where he was standing and tried to get there on foot . ' the family were well known at food fairs and farmers markets and carwyn would often help out on their stall . the prime minister briefly met carwyn 's father rhys at the royal welsh show last year when he bought scotch eggs . a spokesman mr cameron said : ' this was an incredibly tragic accident and the prime minister 's thoughts are with carwyn 's family . ' local farmer peter davies said : ' they were a great family not to mention great farmers who made really good sausages . it 's just so sad to think what they must be going through right now . the whole farming fraternity is praying for them . ' children and teachers at the school carwyn attended faced a difficult first day back after the easter break . officials at ysgol y bannau in brecon said a tribute was paid to carwyn at a special assembly . headteacher emyr jones said ; ' the school mourns the loss of one of its pupils , carwyn scott-howell - a lively and likeable pupil who will be greatly missed . ' we at ysgol y bannau , as an extended community , the staff , pupils , parents and governors , extend our deepest sympathy to the family ; our thoughts and prayers are with them . ' a book of condolence has also been opened at brecon cathedral , where a picture of of carwyn in a karate suit was placed next to candles lit in his memory .  