dick advocaat will welcome ' controller ' lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team as he attempts to launch another late survival bid with a record fifth successive derby victory . the 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension after reaching 10 bookings for the season , and that meant he was unavailable for the dutchman 's first game in charge , a 1-0 defeat at west ham on march 21 . however , cattermole was the only man told he will definitely start against newcastle on sunday during friday 's team meeting , and advocaat is looking for a big response from a player who has once again missed a significant proportion of the campaign to date through injury . dick advocaat will welcome back lee cattermole after the midfielder missed the defeat to west ham united . the sunderland manager has confirmed that cattermole will definitely start the game against newcastle . he said : ' he was the only one i told at the team meeting this morning that he will play , so he knows . ' definitely they missed him because he did not play for 10 or 11 games . he had 10 weeks out - that 's quite a long time . ' he is the controller of the team and a player with experience , so for the team it is good , not only as a player , but also as a person , that he 's back in the team . ' cattermole 's return could hardly be more timely with sunderland sitting just a point clear of the barclays premier league relegation zone with eight games to play and in desperate need of a repeat of their heroics at the end of last season if they are to avoid another desperate scrap for top-flight survival . advocaat and coach paul bracewell discuss tactics during training ahead of the clash with newcastle . cattermole and his team-mates share a joke during training as they prepare to face their fiercest rivals . former middlesbrough and wigan man cattermole played his part in a remarkable escape 12 months ago , and while he insists the picture has not been as black as has been painted at times , he knows the time for action rather than talking has arrived . cattermole said : ' we have n't played too badly all season , really . there 's been the odd bad performance which has killed us , but we just need to start getting over the line and winning some games . there 's not really much else to say on the matter . ' we need to get some confidence . we have n't hit a roll all season , we did at the end of last season . it 's always been a draw , a draw , then maybe a win , and we have never got anything going . cattermole played his part in a remarkable escape from relegation for the black cats just 12 months ago . cattermole has yet again missed large portions of sunderland 's season through injury . ' this is a good time to maybe get something going and finish the season with a bit of a bang . ' cattermole has played in two of sunderland 's four consecutive wins over their neighbours , including the 1-0 victory at st james ' park in december , and an extension of that record would send spirits soaring on wearside . the black cats have never before enjoyed five wins on the trot over the magpies , but while acknowledging the importance of the fixture , advocaat - a veteran of the old firm derby as well as similar rivalries in holland and russia - is refusing to be distracted by the opposition this weekend . he said : ' it 's nice , but the past does n't count anymore . we do n't get more points because of the last four games . will buckley and some of the sunderland squad share the ball around during a training session . sunderland players battle for the ball as the black cat prepare of their clash against newcastle united . jermain defoe teases the sunderland players as he dummies a pass in training at the academy of light . ' we all know how important this is , it 's a special moment for everybody . but we are focused on the game and that we get the result we need . ' every game for us is a special match . this , of course , because it 's newcastle is special , but we still need points and we still have only eight games left , so in that way , it 's very important that we can show our fans that we really want to win . ' if we can get them behind us , it can be a very important weapon . ' while advocaat has been boosted by cattermole 's return , he will be without central defender wes brown , who faces up to a month on the sidelines with a knee injury . cattermole will return , but defender wes brown will miss the clash as he recovers from a knee injury .