a little girl who slipped through metal bars and became trapped by the neck was saved by the heroic efforts of her neighbours . na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan , south china . the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property , the people 's daily online reports . scroll down for video . long drop : the child dangles from the residential block in the xiangtan district , south china . propped up : a neighbour stops the five-year-old from suffocating by giving her a poll to sit on . neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars . some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating , while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived - half an hour later . one neighbour told local tv : ' her terrified screams alerted us and we saw that the upper half of her body was lodged between the security bars and she was slowly slipping down . rescue : a fireman helps the little girl who has fallen between the metal bars and become trapped by her neck . ' so a bunch of us leapt to action to try save her . we grabbed a drainpipe section and used that to prop her up . and we were talking to her , telling her not to panic . ' another woman took a handful of blankets from her home and laid them on the road below in case the girl fell . people have taken to weibo , the chinese equivalent of twitter , to praise the tireless efforts of the neighbour below , who supported her feet the entire time . they coined the term ' lifting man ' in reference to him , which has now become internet slang for anyone who does a good deed . help : the good samaritan supports the child 's legs while a worried crowd gathers below the apartment block . slow response : people took to weibo to praise neighbours and criticise the emergency services for taking 30 minutes to reach the girl , whose rescue was covered by local tv . ‘ nice people are still around , ’ commented online user ‘ baby lexuan’ . others criticised the emergency services for not getting there fast enough .    