satellite tv operator directv has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob rob lowe after complaints by rival comcast . the cable company complained to the better business bureau 's national advertising division ( nad ) that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign 's claims could n't be substantiated . the series of ads , which launched last october , featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters : a handsome lowe in a slick suit who is always the directv customer and then an ' odd or awkward alter-ego ' who was a cable user . scroll down for video . satellite tv operator directv is ending its advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob rob lowe after complaints by rival comcast that their claims could n't be substantiated . the ads all ended with lowe saying : ' do n't be like this me — get rid of cable and upgrade to directv . ' the nad report highlighted a number of inaccurate claims concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality and a better sports package . other issues included the ' superiority message ' of lowe 's closing phrase , as well as directv 's ' rated no . 1 claim ' and another that stated that it has been ' ranked higher than cable for over 10 years . ' the nad also recommended that directv ' either discontinue the price claim featured in the `` scrawny arms rob lowe '' commercial or modify it to reflect the price of a package that included the sports programming featured in the commercial . ' ' while humor can be an effective and creative way for advertisers to highlight the differences between their products and their competitor 's , humor and hyperbole do not relieve an advertiser of the obligation to support messages that their advertisements might reasonably convey — especially if the advertising disparages a competitor 's product , ' the nad said on tuesday . a national advertising division report highlighted a series of inaccuracies concerning signal reliability , shorter customer service wait times , better picture and sound quality . ' given the absence in the record of supporting evidence , nad recommended the advertiser discontinue the claims . ' directv has said it disagrees with nad 's findings with respect to its ranking claims , picture quality claims and sports programming claims and that it plans to appeal . the operator is discontinuing the lowe-fronted ads , but claims that ' it was always scheduled to end at the end of q1 ' . ' we wanted to launch our new campaign with hannah davis in the final four [ ncaa basketball championship ] , jon gieselman , svp , marketing at directv told thewrap . ' we always reserve the right to bring back the rob lowe campaign , either in its current form or with new spots , it has been extremely successful for the brand . ' the company had previously argued that its advertisements were ' so outlandish and exaggerated that no reasonable consumer would believe that the statements being made by the alter-ego characters are comparative or need to be substantiated . '