from the moment i set foot on my terrace overlooking the scenic douro river to the divine meal i ate at its michelin-starred restaurant , the yeatman played a wonderful trick on me . the five-star hotel in porto celebrates all things wine - port wine , in particular - and has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition , with a prime location , classic design and unblemished attention to detail . but , to my surprise , the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar . in those five years it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and one of portugal’s best luxury hotels . the bacchus suite at the yeatman boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling , copper jacuzzi , fireplace and a rotating bed . portugal 's first wine hotel is built into a hill , providing sweeping views of porto and the douro river from the indoor pool and guest rooms . when guests arrive at the yeatman they set foot in a stunning lobby with a statue of bacchus , the roman god of wine . for guests like myself , who know little about wine but will never allow it to go to waste , it presents an opportunity to learn and develop an appreciation for the picturesque douro region’s nectar . even though the hotel is dedicated to wine , it’s not just for enthusiasts . regardless of their knowledge or palate , guests can take advantage of two other things that the yeatman specialises in : relaxation and imaginative food . when i arrived on a friday night i stepped into the immaculate lobby - accentuated with a statue of bacchus , the roman god of wine - to the sound of an acoustic guitar drifting from dick’s bar , the in-house bar where couples canoodle on couches and bartenders mix port wine cocktails . with more than 80 wines by the glass it is the only bar in porto to remain open 24 hours a day . public spaces inside the five-star hotel , including the lobby and dick 's bar , offer a breathtaking view of portugal 's second-largest city . the yeatman is located in vila nova de gaia ; it is separated from porto by the douro river , which spills into the atlantic ocean . the yeatman 's large decanter-shaped infinity pool is heated and surrounded by a terrace with plenty of space to lounge in the sun . from the statue of bacchus , guests’ attention usually moves to the large glass doors and windows that offer sweeping views of the river and the luis i bridge , which links porto and vila nova de gaia . guests are afforded the same luxury when they enter their room and set foot on the private terrace , which has impressive views across the river of portugal’s second-largest city . the yeatman , portugal’s first luxury wine hotel , is built into a hill in vila nova de gaia , with all of its 82 rooms facing the river and almost every one themed after a portuguese winery . guest rooms at the yeatman face the river , and almost all of them are themed after a portuguese winery ( pictured : superior room ) . each guest room is decorated in an understated , classic style , with a private terrace where guests can relax outdoors . no visit to porto in northern portugal is complete without a sampling of its most famous export - port wine . guests at the yeatman are just a short walk from taylor’s wine lodges and cellars , where its port wine ages in thousands of barrels . owned by taylor , fladgate & yeatman , which owns the hotel , the compound offers informative tours and tastings , with visitors learning about the history of the sweet wine and the house of taylor’s , which is in its fourth century . after the tour guests are offered three port wines - chip dry ( extra dry white ) , late bottled vintage and 10-year-old tawny - and they can pay extra to sample premium port wines . my tour included a stop inside one of the cellars , which houses nearly 2,000 barrels containing port wine as old as 1880 and a giant barrel capable of holding 100,000 litres . located next door to the yeatman , taylor 's port wine cellars offers affordable informational tours and tastings for visitors . my superior room , themed after the quinta do passadouro winery , was decorated with its labelled bottles , photos of its vineyard and regional artefacts , plus vintage-like furniture and lime green curtains , giving it a luxurious but laid-back feel . like the rooms , each floor has a theme . floor one , where the outdoor pool is located , is decorated with framed maps of portugal , while other floors focus on local history or portuguese discoveries . wine is front and centre at this polished hotel , owned by centuries-old port wine producer taylor , fladgate & yeatman , but one could argue that the real star of the show is the gastronomic restaurant . the restaurant at the yeatman is the only one in porto to carry a michelin star , offering exceptional service and creative dishes . tasting menus include dishes such as crispy suckling pig belly ( pictured ) , and codfish with corn bread crumble and chickpea puree . it is the only restaurant in porto to carry a michelin star , and during my visit i was treated to a two-hour culinary masterclass with exceptional service and creative dishes from start to finish . the tasting menu included a langoustine broth with crunchy langoustine and champagne sauce , roasted codfish with corn bread crumble and chickpea puree , crispy suckling pig belly with cardinal prawn slices and herb sprouts , and a chocolate cafe with toffee and caramel ice cream - all paired with portuguese wines . best enjoyed before indulging , guests can spoil themselves at the caudalie vinotherapie spa , which offers a number of treatments that stick with the hotel’s wine theme . guests can spoil themselves at the caudalie vinotherapie spa , which offers a number of treatments that stick with the wine theme . spa visits include access to a roman bath ( pictured ) , sauna and the yeatman’s indoor panoramic infinity pool . spectacular views are enjoyed from the spa’s private barrel bath rooms , where guests relax in bubbling water enriched with a grape extract . i was treated to the spa’s signature massage - the caudalie relaxing massage , with grape extract oils - after spending some time in the relaxation room , which offers another impressive vantage point of the hustle and bustle across the river . tap portugal ( www.flytap.com , 0345 601 0932 ) flies from london gatwick to porto 14 times a week , with return fares starting at £120 including all taxes and surcharges . porto airport is just a 20-minute drive from the yeatman . spectacular views can also be enjoyed from the spa’s private barrel bath rooms , where guests relax in bubbling water enriched with a conditioning grape extract . the spa has two levels connected by a spiral staircase set within a giant port wine barrel , and guests also have access to a roman bath , sauna and the yeatman’s indoor panoramic infinity pool . from the spa to the restaurant and everywhere in between , everything at the yeatman comes back to wine , with the hotel acting as an ambassador . one of the features that should delight anyone with an appreciation for it is a ‘ working cellar’ on the lower level . open two hours every day , guests can head down with a sommelier to pick out a wine - from portugal or another wine-producing nation - to pair with their dinner . after my two-night stay at the yeatman i still consider myself a novice when it comes to the finer points of wine , but i left feeling confident that there will be fewer surprises the next time i pick up a bottle at the supermarket . the yeatman . rua do choupelo ( santa marinha ) . vila nova de gaia . porto 4400-088 . portugal . +351 220 133 100 . www.the-yeatman-hotel.com . rooms starting from €175 in low season and €250 in high season . the yeatman is offering a summer programme from may 1 to october 31 , requiring a minimum two nights’ stay in a superior room or suite . on a per-night basis prices start from €310 for double occupancy in a superior room or €495 in a suite , with guests receiving 20 per cent off the price of treatments at the caudalie vinotherapie spa , a luxurious buffet breakfast served in the orangerie room , car parking , and late check-out . children stay for free , and the programme includes access to the well-being area , indoor and outdoor pools , and gymnasium . visit taylor’s website for information on port wine cellar tours and tastings .