graham leonard , pictured leaving court after admitting endangering an aircraft . a passenger who hijacked a plane 's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke and then caused an airport to be evacuated could be handed a jail term . graham leonard , who was returning to scotland after attending a manchester united football match , grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day . and after frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight - including throwing a hot towel at one - he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in aberdeen . sheriff edward savage said he was keeping ' all options open ' and mr kelly to find out what impact a jail sentence would have on his client . ' i 'm not entirely satisfied given the very serious nature of these matters that a financial penalty will reflect how serious these matters are , ' said mr savage . ' i want to make it absolutely clear that i 'm keeping all options open . ' leonard , 46 , appeared at aberdeen sheriff court yesterday where he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers as well as setting off the airport alarm knowing there was no blaze . the court heard that leonard , from newmacher , in aberdeenshire , had been part of a group of scots fans that had chartered an eastern airways flight to jet down to watch united 's 3-0 league win over tottenham on march 15 this year . they had been drinking beer and gin and tonics before leaving aberdeen airport , then spent the day meeting former players at a corporate event in a hotel in manchester . fiscal depute karen dow said that leonard was one of three passengers that missed their ride back to the airport after the drunken day out . when he did eventually board the 9:17pm private flight from manchester he started causing trouble for the cabin crew . leonard was flying on a priavet charter eastern airways flight into aberdeen airport ( file photo ) . ms dow said : ' during the journey the accused approached the complainer to ask if he could sing a song on the public address system . ' she said no and that was not permitted . the accused went to the pa mic and started singing . ' the complainer approached him and told him to stop and asked him to return to his seat . ' his behaviour persisted . this was frustrating for the complainer as it was part of the communication system used by the captain . ' the court heard that the businessman , who owns a painting and decorating firm in aberdeen , also repeatedly refused to sit down before throwing a hot hand towel at one of the stewardesses . graham leonard was returning to scotland after watching manchester united at old trafford , pictured . on arrival at aberdeen international airport he was seen ' talking ' into the airport 's pa system then activating a fire alarm . around 40 people had to be evacuated from the area and two units from scottish fire and rescue service were called out to the false alarm . defence agent gregor kelly said his client was ' mortified ' about his conduct but asked the sheriff to consider a financial penalty . he said : ' in the sober light of day he is extremely apologetic . the full extent of what he had done did not become clear until the next day when he spoke to others . after landing at aberdeen airport , leonard set the fire alarm off causing an evacuation . ' he is ordinarily a responsible business man . ' he is a regular on this charter plane which goes down to follow the fortunes of manchester united . ' they had drank a mixture of beer and gin and tonic before embarking on the flight down . there was a special corporate event at hotel in manchester with ex-players . ' he got carried away . there is no excuse for his behaviour . ' sentence was deferred for reports . leonard was ordained to appear next month . speaking after the case called , he said : ' i 'm deeply sorry about what happened . ' it was just a drunken day out that went wrong . i 'm sorry for any trouble i 've caused . i 'm deeply embarrassed about it . '  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .