an inmate at an arizona jail left one officer hospitalized with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face after a psychiatric ward assault . the 18-year-old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio said that the two jail employees began telling the young man to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them . scroll down for video . an assault on an officer at a jail in phoenix has left one officer in intensive care with brain bleeding . above , the inmate is captured on video in a psychiatric ward area where he is not authorized . officers including scott beaty ( center ) approached the unidentified 18-year-old inmate and told him to go back to his cell . the inmate then began punching beatty and the other officer in the room , who used a taser but could not subdue the young man . the unnamed inmate , who was not immediately affected by four taser shots , was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene . three detention officers were taken to a nearby hospital , and two of them had been knocked unconscious . scott beaty , a 15-year-veteran , was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed and broken bones in his face . the inmate , who did not have any prior incidents of bad behavior , was not injured . after knocking beaty to the ground , the inmate is seen attacking the other officer , who was also taken to a nearby hospital . more officers arrived on the scene where the assault took place , though additional taser shots did not immediately affect the 18-year-old . the unidentified inmate was eventually subdued by a group of officers , who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground after being hit repeatedly . ' sometimes when you have a mental condition you fight and get super mad , ' arpaio said during a press conference , though he did not elaborate on the mental condition . arpaio said he could not speculate on what led to the attack . the prisoner became ' very violent ' according to officials , and was reportedly fighting until he was put in lock down in the psychiatric ward , where he remains . he will only be allowed out for one hour a day . though he was booked into lower buckeye for a minor felony charge , the prisoner will now face aggravated assault charges . arpaio said that there have been 178 incidents of assault at his county 's jails in the last 12 months . beaty was taken to the intensive care unit after the incident , where he suffered broken bones in his face and brain bleeding . three of four officers injured in the attack went to the hospital . the inmate was not injured during the incident .