the time is around 9pm on a thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ‘ yes ! yes ! yes ! ’ in a pitch-black car park in london’s docklands . it’s been raining and the ground is damp , but we are all in our bare feet , which are going numb on the cold , hard concrete . undeterred , we keep going . there’s a drum pounding in the distance and we keep step with its beat . marianne power attended robbins’ unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to ‘ discover how to identify what it is you really want ' . the mood is tribal . i feel as if we’re on our way to a ritual killing . maybe our own . we’ve already signed waivers warning us that what we are about to take part in could result in ‘ physical or emotional injury , paralysis , death . . . ’ and we’ve spent the past half-an-hour being told what we need to do to avoid hospitalisation . i feel sick with anticipation , but there’s no way out — the huge crowd keeps pushing me forward . then , the chanting stops and a hush fills the air . we are faced with our fate . it glimmers grey and red in the darkness : lanes of burning hot coals , which we are to walk over . yes , actually walk over — with our bare feet . we have spent the past two hours preparing for this moment — being whipped into something called ‘ peak state’ , a place where you are so mentally strong that you can do anything . the idea is that , once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 fahrenheit , you can ‘ conquer the other fires of your life with ease’ . but i don’t conquer anything with ease . it’s not in my nature . ‘ am i really doing this ? ’ is all i can think . but yes , i am . for the past year , i’ve been on a self-improvement mission . fed up with a life spent worrying , single and broke , i’ve set myself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month . marianne ( pictured ) has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month and this month she chose that of anthony robbins . and , when it comes to the self-improvement world , anthony robbins is the king . everyone from world leaders — nelson mandela , bill clinton , mikhail gorbachev — to athletes such as serena williams and actors including hugh jackman seek his counsel . he even helped princess diana and margaret thatcher . his is a classic rags-to-riches story . determined to transcend his poor childhood , he became obsessed with self-improvement . he’d listen to motivational tapes on his way to his job as a janitor , before going on to give motivational talks himself . fast forward to today and he is a bestselling author and hugely successful business man , whose net worth is in the region of half a billion dollars . he charges $ 1 million to coach private clients — which is why the rest of us have to settle for listening to him in a concert hall . anthony robbins ( pictured in the 1990s ) charges $ 1 million to coach private clients and is the ' king ' of the self-improvement world . according to his website , robbins’ unleash the power within seminar would help me ‘ discover how to identify what it is you really want , break through any barriers that might be holding you back , increase your energy and mental clarity , and infuse passion into your life’ . big promises . but the fortysomething woman next to me in the queue to get in promises that he can deliver . she has been three times before , she tells me . ‘ when you walk over those coals , something changes , ’ she says , her eyes wide . ‘ i can’t explain it , but it’s just amazing . ’ she has all the fervour of a fanatic . two physiotherapists from windsor join in our conversation — they’ve been sent here by their boss . ‘ he went last year and got a lot out of it , ’ they say . ‘ he was on a high for weeks . ’ and ‘high’ is the perfect word for the atmosphere . as we file into the arena , there’s chaos as people rush to get good seats — but no one sits in them . they’re too busy dancing along with the music blasting from the speakers . it’s like being at a one direction concert . after half-an-hour , tony walks on stage and the screaming goes off the scale . people can hardly contain themselves in the presence of the 6 ft 7 in mountain of a man . with his hollywood tan , white teeth and lantern jaw , he looks like something that a mills & boon writer would dream up . and just to add to the effect , his chiselled face is blown up to god-like proportions on massive screens behind him . it takes minutes for the applause to die down enough for him to speak — but when he starts , he doesn’t stop . his basic message is that anything is possible if we just get our minds and bodies into what he calls the peak state . he says we are all defined by our limiting beliefs and that if we get rid of these then ‘ the impossible just gets done’ . he is the king of the catchphrase : ‘it’s impossible to love yourself when you’re not being yourself’ ; ‘ change your story , change your life . . . ’ these nuggets come out of his mouth from 1pm to 9pm . he doesn’t take a tea break and neither do we . it’s extraordinary — i’ve never seen anything like it . just the sheer energy of him . i find myself thinking that he is the living embodiment of human potential , then i realise i’m swooning . even world leaders like nelson mandela ( left ) and bill clinton ( right ) have sought the advice and counsel of anthony robbins . i turn to the norwegian man next to me and say : ‘ i think i’m in love . . . ’ he smiles and says : ‘ me , too . ’ we are all under his spell and will do anything he says , including hugging and high-fiving strangers , and punching our fists in the air while yelling : ‘ yes , yes , yes ! ’ it’s just so un-english . there are moments when i look around at the collective madness and feel as if i’ve become part of a cult , but i have to make a decision : get embarrassed or go with it . i go with it . as the day goes on , we examine our ‘ limiting beliefs’ . i identify mine as being bad with money and always getting sick . and then he asks us to visualise what life would be like if we got rid of these limiting beliefs . i imagine being healthy , energetic and productive , someone who just gets things done without always worrying about the things that can go wrong . i imagine my bank account being in the black and owning a property . to build on this vision , we’re taught how to get into a peak state by thinking of the best moment of our lives , the moment we felt strongest and most at peace . i think of times with loved ones and professional achievements that i’m proud of . each time we do we are told to ‘ make a move’ , so every time we make that move in the future , these memories will come back . i pump my fist in the air , again and again and again . i can’t believe i’m doing it — it’s so not me . i feel as if i’m in the film rocky . and then the time comes to walk on fire . we’re told to take off our shoes and socks and march out of the conference centre to the 8 ft lines of coal in the car park . robbins is said to have also helped well-known face including princess diana ( left ) and former prime minister , margaret thatcher ( right ) . a part of me wants to run away , but a bigger part of me knows that i can do this . then i’m standing in front of the coals and two men are instructing me to shout : ‘ yes ! ’ i do . they say ‘ make your move ! ’ and i pump my fist in the air . then , i go for it . i put my foot on the coals and after that i remember nothing — until my last step , when i could feel heat . i have half-a-second of panic when i realise what i’m doing — but , by then , my feet are on the cold square of grass put at the end of the fire and my feet are being hosed down by helpers . it’s done . i’ve walked across a bed of hot coals . two weeks later , i still can not answer those questions , but i find myself having the same thoughts as the woman i met in the queue at the start of that day . that strange moment of collective hysteria , when we walked over hot coals , has changed something within me . if i can walk on fire without barbecuing my feet , what else can i do ? i’m very keen to find out . to follow marianne’s self-help journey , go to helpmeblog.net .