murdered nursing student karen buckley ( pictured ) died of head and neck injuries , according to her death certificate . nursing student karen buckley died of head and neck injuries , it was revealed today as the man charged with her murder made his second court appearance . her death certificate detailing the fatal injuries was signed by the 24-year-old 's parents marion , 62 , and john , 61 , who have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their ' cherished ' daughter . miss buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow 's west end earlier this month , sparking a four-day police search . her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm , near milngavie , east dunbartonshire . former private schoolboy alexander pacteau , 21 , appeared at glasgow sheriff court today at a second private hearing where he made no plea and was remanded in custody . he was charged with the murder of the irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on april 17 . miss buckley 's death certificate was officially issued by a registrar in glasgow on wednesday . her family hope her body will soon be released for burial after legal concerns are dealt with . the occupational therapy student , who studied at glasgow caledonian univerity , disappeared on april 11 after telling friends she was going to the loo at the sanctuary club . flatmates at her home in garnethill in the city centre raised the alarm when she failed to return from the night out . her handbag was discovered in dawsholm park and the search switched to a property in dorchester avenue and then to high craigton farm , where her remains were found . miss buckley , originally from county cork , moved to scotland in february and was a first-year student . a spokesman for the crown office said : ' alexander pacteau , 21 , from glasgow , made a second appearance at glasgow sheriff court today charged with the murder of karen buckley , and with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . ' he made no plea or declaration and was fully committed and remanded in custody . no further court dates have been set at this time . ' it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage in proceedings . ' her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm ( pictured ) , near milngavie , east dunbartonshire . miss buckley from county cork vanished after a night out in glasgow , sparking a four-day police search . more than 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's parents attended a memorial service in glasgow 's george square on the day pacteau appeared in court . her parents also read touching messages and tributes at glasgow caledonian university . mr buckley said : ' marian and i , with our sons brendan , kieran and damian , are absolutely heartbroken . ' karen was our only daughter , cherished by our family and loved by her friends . we will miss her terribly . ' ' there are so many broken hearts for you ' we told yesterday how karen 's best friend julie malone praised the online community for sharing pictures of karen across facebook and twitter during the four-day police investigation . the vigil was organised by former scottish socialist politician rosie kane . she said : ' i do n't want to be here , that 's the first thing i need to say . ' it seems that everyone has been devastated but we want to support karen 's family and show them the best side of the city . we 're trying to make something beautiful from that horrible , horrible grief . ' there have been some songs from scotland and ireland and people have brought flowers and candles . ' we also had a moment 's silence to think about karen 's life , what we knew of her , about her family and to wish them the best . ' her parents , john and marian , say they are ' absolutely heartbroken ' at the death of their ' cherished ' daughter . tearful friends , family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .