walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in tuscon , arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store . mario valencia took a rifle from the super store on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons . this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities . scroll down for video . mario valencia ( above ) took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun . police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued valencia , but just seconds later he began firing into the air according to cnn . he even pointed the weapon at an officer at one point . when the gun was later recovered , after valencia was taken down by officer michael rapiejko , it was discovered the wire was loose , and only wrapped through the gun 's barrel and lock just once , not twice as is standard , allowing the weapon to be used as soon as it was taken . walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked , and that it may have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car . he was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle . the gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene . video of the incident , which emerged last week , shows rapiejko , 34 , running into valencia to take the man down after he began firing the weapom . a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ' one round just went out . he 's definitely loaded . ' he then tells his colleague , rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ' stand off , the gun is loaded . ' valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree . but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . the other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down . ' valencia was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition following the crash and was eventually booked into jail two days later . sergeant chris warren said at the time that valencia ' was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . this crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at , vandalism and burglary at the tucson baptist temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . it culminated with the alleged theft of a rifle from walmart , after which he was hit by rapiejko 's police vehicle . rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , but soon reinstated after the pima county attorney 's office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing . valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree . 