it 's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks . from bloody ' vampire facials ' to placenta serums and of course plastic surgery - the fountain of youth runs deep . but an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture . the website , called how old do i look , it allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own . it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are . scroll down for video . looking good : the app , by microsoft , believed that 69-year-old helen mirren - lauded for her youthful appearance and character - was actually 55 . the site was able to accurately guess kim kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought 37-year-old kanye west was actually 38 - while a woman in the background of the image was deemed to be just six-years-old . on-point : modern family star sofia vergara apparently looks 13 years younger than 42 , while president barrack obama looks as he is - 53 . ' this may be hard to believe but it took a couple of developers just a day to put this whole solution together , starting with the pipeline from the web page to the machine learning apis to the real time streaming analytics and real time b , ' said microsoft . it designed to site to show off the capabilities of its cloud server software . it revealed the site today at its annual build developers conference in san francisco . ' we wanted to create an experience that was intelligent and fun could capture the attention of people globally , so we looked at the apis available in the azure machine learning gallery , ' it said . the system works by analysing 27 points on the face . called face landmarks , they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . ' these attributes are predicted by using statistical algorithms and may not always be 100 % precise . oops : the site incorrectly guessed 30-year-old khloe kardashian is actually 44 . david beckham , 39 , sporting a full beard , was recognized as being 45 by the system , while 49-year-old model cindy crawford registered as 40 . madonna came out of the software well , being 37 - far below her real age of 56 - while it failed to recognise taylor swift at all . 21 year old singer ariana grande was recognised as being 27 - while a logo for a beauty product was spotted as a 15 year old girl . not bad : even with his graying beard , brad pitt , 51 , managed to look two years younger . ' however , they are still helpful when you want to classify faces by these attributes . ' face landmarks are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . face landmarks are optional attributes that can be analyzed during face detection . by default , there are 27 predefined landmark points . the system works by analysing 27 points on the face ( right ) . called face landmarks , they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . ' these attributes are predicted by using statistical algorithms and may not always be 100 % precise . ' however , they are still helpful when you want to classify faces by these attributes.face landmarks are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . the face api has a demo page that uses the api to detect and extract information about faces in a photograph , and the team decide to work with this to create a site they hoped would go viral . ' we found the ability of the face api to estimate age and gender to be particularly interesting and chose this aspect of it for our project . ' ' to make the experience more fun we used the face api alongside the bing search api from the azure marketplace to create . ' family album : the site can even identify groups of poeple . it allows people to age and sex any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own .  