a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . ' i 've gotten bullied because of it and i get people all the time , staring and so it 's definitely made things difficult in my life , ' dayna told daily mail online . scroll down for video . challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry . her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others to think before judging . the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . ' people tend to think that because i have cerebral palsy i can not do anything and that i am so different from everyone else , when in reality i am pretty much just the same as everyone else , ' she added . ' i might do things a little bit differently than most people , but that does n't mean that i should be treated differently . ' this is one of several videos that dayna has created . last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to taylor swift 's shake it off . inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . do n't judge : people tend to think that because i have cerebral palsy i can not do anything and that i am so different from everyone else , when in reality i am pretty much just the same as everyone else , ' dayna says . ' people like to define me based on disability . people just look at me and think , oh that 's just the girl with cerebral palsy , ' she said . ' i would like people to look past that and be like , oh she 's just one of us . ' dayna says she wanted to turn any negativity that might be held over her disability into something positive and hopefully inspire others , or at the very least raise a smile . ' when i was first diagnosed with cerebral palsy , doctors warned my parents that i may never walk , but here i am dancing ! i drive , i go to college , i do things like every other 19-year-old , ' she says . the teen has now begun to do some motivational speaking at a couple of local schools . confident : dayna has now taken up motivational speaking and has visited several schools in the chicago area .