this is the dramatic moment a coach exploded into a fireball on a busy interchange at the m25 motorway . the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford in kent this morning with only the driver on board . the blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle . the coach erupted into flames this morning on a busy interchange at the m25 motorway sending smoke into the air . fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle . kent firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames . the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach . a spokesman for kent fire and rescue said : ' fire crews were at the scene of a single-decker coach fire for appoximately an hour . fire crews had to close the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford while they worked to tackle the blaze . the fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment before it quickly spread to the body of the vehicle . ' firefighters wearing breathing apparatus used two hose reels to tackle the blaze . ' the fire , which destroyed the vehicle , is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach . 'no-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time of the incident . ' the slip road still remains closed as the highways agency begin to remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene . drivers are now being urged to avoid the area near to junction two of the a2 with traffic backed up to dartford heath . meanwhile a separate crash near the entrance to the dartford tunnel this morning has also caused slow traffic on the m25 anticlockwise . the burnt out wreckage of the coach which burst into flames with only the driver on board . the slip road still remains closed while works begins to remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene . 