arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper . the chelsea shot-stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season after losing the no 1 spot to thibaut courtois . cech will hold talks with manager jose mourinho at the end of the season where the keeper will confirm his decision to leave west london . arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper . the chelsea stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season after losing his no 1 spot . arsene wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target to beat the competition to him . the gunners are long-term admirers of cech and are considering a move for the keeper ahead of next season . however , arsenal will not be the only club interested in luring cech when the transfer window reopens . liverpool , paris saint-germain , roma and inter milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old and cech is understood to be keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible this summer . that means the gunners could miss out on their primary goalkeeping target if they do n't make an early move . however , there are some major obstacles arsenal must overcome before landing cech . the first is the goalkeeper 's valuation . despite the fact cech enters the final year of his contract this summer , chelsea will demand in excess of £10million for the custodian . thibaut courtois has become chelsea 's first choice goalkeeper after three years on loan at atletico madrid . chelsea 's stance over their players joining rivals weakened with the sale of juan mata to manchester united . the blues believe cech can play for at least another eight seasons and that his next club will be signing a world class goalkeeper in his prime . his price will reflect that view . likewise , the gunners may find that chelsea are reluctant to sell them cech . in recent years , the blues have shown a hesitancy in selling players to their premier league rivals , though that stance weakened last season with juan mata 's exit to manchester united . cech and courtois have spent a season sharing the gloves at chelsea , but the veteran will now move on . signing cech would significantly strengthen the gunners next season , and chelsea could yet refuse to sell the keeper to their london rivals . cech would consider moving to the emirates stadium , despite spending over 10 years with chelsea , and hopes his long period of service will allow him to make the final decision on his next destination . 