kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months . a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes . kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world . the 35-year-old from woolacombe in devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on thursday . if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss , by 24 hours . mr denniss completed his run in 2013 . mr carr 's effort is the first unsupported trip around the world , having relied on the generosity of people he has met on his journey . at the start of march , mr carr was seven days behind schedule , but he managed to increase his daily run to 44 miles and is now a day ahead of schedule . during his run , mr carr has travelled though 26 countries , across europe , australia , new zealand and north and south america . for most of his journey , mr carr pushed his tent in front of him in a giant buggy although he was able to ditch that back in ireland . mr carr embarked on his epic journey to raise money for the mental health charity sane because he has suffered from depression . his goal , as well as raising cash , is to prove that because someone my be sometimes ill , they do not have ' a weak mind ' . he told the independent : ' i have always wanted to see how far i can go . what 's the limit to our endurance ? i simply want to hold the record as the fastest man around the world . it 's the purest test of endurance , the natural limit of planet earth . ' you simply can not go further on our world , unless you begin running laps . ' mr carr ran through europe , before flying to india and then onto australia and new zealand . he then went to canada and the united states , before crossing chile and argentina . finally he flew into the west coast of ireland before arriving back in devon . mr carr , pictured , has crossed five continents epic journey , starting in haytor , on dartmoor in devon . during his journey , mr carr pushed a cart containing all his belongings including his tent . mr carr , pictured , is just hours away from completing his trip in a record time beating the previous holder . he said : ' i 've pushed my tired legs through most of europe , india , australia , new zealand , canada and the us . `` i'have encountered some pretty scary things along the way , from packs of wild dogs in romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable . ' most frightening of all , however , was coming face-to-face with bears in canada . ' one of the bears stalked and then actively came for me . ' i used the bear bangers that someone had given me and , after three misfires , thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing . ' i 've had to endure a lot of suffering too . i had severe heatstroke in india and have twice been hit by cars . ' during his trip , mr carr , pictured , has been chased by wild dogs and come face-to-face with bears . mr carr , pictured , is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours . 