winter weary new yorkers have been given a timely reminder that spring has finally sprung . smokey da lamb has been turning heads in some of the city 's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted him . but now the couple - and smokey 's impressive legion of fans - have been left devastated after city officials demanded he is taken out of the metropolis . scroll down for video . happy family : restaurant owner sandy dee hall , 34 ( r ) , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 ( l ) , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . lamb and the city : smokey has made dozens of friends during his month-long stay in new york , however city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm . at home : the young lamb has been living with sandy in his lower east side apartment , and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention . ' unfortunately smokey has got to go back to the farm – we 're not allowed to keep a lamb in the city , ' maxine said . ' i 'll be sad to see him go because he 's so loving but we 're officially adopting him which means he will never end up on a dinner plate . ' we 'll visit as often as we can – sandy has even taken lamb off the menu at his restaurant the black tree , in tribute to smokey . ' smokey has caused a few disasters while he 's been here but he 's a farmyard animal so it 's to be expected . ' we 're still going to miss him hugely . ' devotion : maxine ( pictured ) and sandy bottle-feed smokey three times a day and have to burp him after he has eaten . friendly face : smokey has been growing quickly since arriving in the city - and is much more confident than he was when he first moved into sandy 's apartment . accidents do happen : maxine admitted that smokey is a bit like a ' dog which has not been potty trained ' . she added : ' everybody should own a lamb – he is great and so loving . ' i guess he 's like a dog which has not been potty trained . ' smokey was born at violet hill farm in upstate new york but was abandoned by his mother and would have likely died in the cold . fortunately sandy , who runs manhattan-based restaurant black tree , agreed to take him in when contacted by the farmer and smokey was smuggled into his tiny apartment in the city 's lower east side . ' sandy told me that he had adopted a lamb and i said he was crazy – we could n't look after a lamb , ' maxine explained . something for everyone : the couple believe that everybody should get the chance to own a lamb . crazy : when sandy first told maxine that he had adopted a lamb from a farm in upstate new york , she admits she thought the idea was ridiculous . change of heart : ' when i saw him my heart melted , ' maxine admits . keep clean : in addition to his regular bottle feeds , maxine and sandy have to bathe smokey regularly , ensuring that they only use water so that his fleece does n't shrink . ' but when i saw him my heart melted - he was so cute . ' he must have been around 3 or 4 pounds and was wearing a little diaper with his tail sticking out . he was so sweet and loving . ' smokey is bottle-fed three times a day and needs to be burped like a baby after he has had his formula . he needs regular baths and can only be washed with water so his fleece does not shrink . maxine added : ' we take him out for regular walks in the park – he really loves that . restaurant revolution : since adopting smokey , sandy has removed all lamb dishes from the menu at his manhattan restaurant , black tree . take a seat : often smokey will spend time with restaurant-goers , keeping them entertained while they wait for their food . fan club : the people of new york have quickly fallen in love with smokey 's charming personality . let me take a selfie ! smokey has quickly become a social media star ; almost everyone who meets him wants to snap a picture with the popular pet . ' smokey never needs a lead because he just likes to follow us around . ' in many ways he 's better than a dog but i 've never known a dog that needs to be bottle fed – or who poops and pees so much . ' whenever i stay at sandy 's apartment i will sleep in the bed and sandy will sleep in the living room with smokey . ' we ca n't let him in the bedroom because he will make a big mess in there . ' people in the city love him , it 's hard to get too far when you have smokey with you . they 'll do double takes then run back to stroke him and take pictures – he 's so popular . '