more than 10,000 dogs a year are poisoned after eating everyday items such as paracetamol and chocolate , a pet charity has warned . the kennel club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers – and is urging owners to be alert to the threat . around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 , according to figures compiled by the charity and the veterinary poisons information service . of those , 470 dogs died . sick : around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014 . unlike crufts prizewinner jagger the irish setter , who died last month after eating meat laced with poison , most poisoned pets will simply have eaten something they found lying around the home or fallen ill after being fed treats by their well-meaning owners . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate – which can cause sickness , diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems . dark chocolate is particularly toxic . foods such as sultanas , grapes and raisins are also highly dangerous for dogs , causing canine kidneys to fail . dried forms of the fruit found in cakes are the most toxic . onions , garlic and leeks can cause life-threatening anaemia . nick sutton , a kennel club poisons expert , said : ‘ there are any number of ways a dog can get access to dangerous and potentially lethal substances , whether by accident , deliberate feeding or through owners mistakenly believing certain products – particularly foods eaten by humans – are fine for a dog to eat . ‘ many seemingly harmless foods can be dangerous for a dog and owners need to be aware of these risks in order to protect their much-loved pets . ’ the popularity of e-cigarettes has seen them feature more prominently among poisoning cases , with 64 dogs taken to the vet in 2014 after chewing the nicotine-rich refills – an increase of 300 per cent . however , many more cases are suspected to have occurred , because not all poisonings are reported . chewing gum was another major cause of poisoning . just one pack of gum can prove deadly , causing dangerous drops in blood sugar and liver failure . if you fear your dog has been poisoned , the kennel club urges owners to contact their vet immediately , even if their dog appears well , as it can take several days before symptoms appear . mr sutton said : ‘ dogs are very intelligent , very curious and have a great sense of smell . ‘ but we have to be careful about feeding them things that aren’t intended for them . ’ 