a pregnant texas woman has been killed after she was run over by her husband during an argument - but doctors managed to save her baby . the couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south kirkwood road , south west houston . her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over . police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him . pictured : the husband of a texas woman who was killed after he accidentally ran her over talks to police about the accident . pickup : during the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle , slipped , and he ran her over . houston police investigator rolando saenz told kprc news : ' as he was leaving , she came to the driver 's door , held onto the door , the husband drives away , she slips and falls , and the husband runs over her . ' the witnesses at the scene did say he was crying , and he was calling 911 for help . ' houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded monday . but no charges have been filed against him . paramedics rushed the woman to memorial hermann hospital southwest where doctors successfully delivered her baby by cesarean section . investigation : houston police , seen here , spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events monday . but no charges have been filed against him . baby : the woman was rushed to memorial hermann hospital southwest by paramedics where doctors successfully delivered her baby by cesarean section . the baby was then transported via life flight helicopter to memorial hermann hospital for observation . there is no word on the baby 's condition at this time , according to kprc news . the woman 's 17-year-old son was told of his mother 's death during a phone call at school . justin martinez , a friend of the woman 's 17-year-old son told kprc news : ' she was a really nice person to me and everybody , and she loved her children . '