all political leaders feel the need to lay bare the details of their private lives . but nigel farage may have taken it too far , with a tv interview in which he discusses his love of skinny-dipping in the icy waters of the english channel as a boy . the 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer , keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on and on as ukip leader - until 2030 . scroll down for video . leaning on a seawall in deal , kent , ukip leader nigel farage told itv 's julie etchingham about his childhood , family and his plans to go on and on . mr farage resisted the temptation to let the itv cameras into this home , perhaps after ed miliband 's problems with his second kitchen . instead he was interview by the tonight programme 's julie etchingham on the seafront at deal , where he grew up . mr farage revealed that as a schoolboy he ' always questioned authority ' . he described his childhood of ' youthful excess ' but gave few details . asked if he had enjoyed some lively nights out in the clubs of the kent town , he replied : ' oh gosh , absolutely no comment haha . ' asked if his high jinks included the sea , he confess : ' well i did a bit of skinny dipping and a few things like that in the middle of the night , yes . ' youthful excess . it got very cold , erm . it does need some parameters and some boundaries ; i probably had fewer than most . ' as a boy he enjoyed more ' freedom ' than children today . ' kids were allowed out you know with sandwiches and a bottle of water and a bike and off you went and did things for the day . ' he would go out and collect things , including ' pot lids and bottles and old clay pipes and all sorts of things ' . he admitted : ' as i got older and into my teens i got more and more difficult . i always questioned authority . i guess a bit of a wind up merchant really . ' this schoolboy trait has now become part of his political persona . ' well , being in the european parliament was an extension of being in school and questioning authority , yes . look you know to have a healthy vibrant democracy you need people that question authority . ' in the programme , to be broadcast tonight , mr farage also discussed the impact of his father leaving home when he was just five . ' well these things happen , he got over it and made a success of his life . we had some problems when i was a kid but not that bad , ' he said . mr farage resisted the temptation to let the itv cameras into this home , perhaps after ed miliband 's problems with his second kitchen . he reflected on his own mortality when he was diagnosed with testicular cancer in his early twenties . ' i was very emotional about it . well my memory is that i was 21 years old and i had testicular cancer and one of my thoughts through that period was that perhaps i won’t be able to have children , then having children , first child was a very big moment . i was very emotional about it . 'i’ve been very lucky . i 've got four - two boys , two girls , they 're fit and healthy . you 're not going to see pictures because i’m keeping them out of the public view . but they are all doing well in life and i am pleased about that . ' he discussed how he says prayers ' sometimes ' , most recently for his family after they became trapped in a pub surrounded by a gang of protesters . ' the only prayers i would ever say actually would be which after last sunday ( when his family were scared by protesters during a sunday lunch ) perhaps is more appropriate you know would be for my family , to be well and to be happy and be strong and i do sometimes think that what i am doing is making their lives a bit difficult . ' as a hobby , mr farage would go out and collect things , including ' pot lids and bottles and old clay pipes and all sorts of things ' . he said that being ukip leader did not necessarily prepare him for the level of interest , and opposition in recent months . ' well you see if i got into the conservative party , one of the big parties and became an mp and was on a career path , perhaps you could have anticipated longer term what some of the costs might have been , because this was you know a little rabble army that suddenly became quite a big political party , so it 's , some of it has come as a bit of a surprise yeah . ' but he insisted he has no plans to quit , despite suggesting in earlier interviews that he would stand down if he does not win the target seat of thanet south on may 7 . ' i have decided i will stand down before the 2030 general election , ' he said with a laugh . ' i have barely started . '