meet the australian families who take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach , go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one . they eat and live like cats and dogs , grow up learning how to hop , let their owners give them regular baths , sneak into the kitchen for snacks , take naps and mingle with other pets . samantha wills , from williamstown in south australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ' crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car . ‘ he looked battered , bruised and i really did n't think he was going to survive when i found him but with a lot of love , care and research , i got him back to great health , ’ ms wills told daily mail australia . crash , who lives in sa , taking a nap with one of samantha wills ' children after a long day of adventures . suzie nellist from queensland said her pet wally the wallaby and her cat get along very well . lunchtime : wally the wallaby being fed milk from the bottle ( left ) and a cheeky snack in the kitchen ( right ) . nine months on , the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the wills family and even attends most of their social events . ‘ crash goes away on holiday with us , ’ ms wills said . ‘ he has been to two weddings , a ninth birthday party and has even kayaked up the murray river and the sea at wallaroo and attended my children 's school for show and tell . ' he used to visit my nan , who adored him , at a nursing home and he would also keep all the elderly people entertained in there - they all loved him . ' when nan passed away a few weeks ago , crash went to her funeral . ' while kangaroos are known to grown as big as 1.8 metres tall , ms wills said her family are enjoying their time with crash while he is small . ' we 're not sure what the future will bring because he will get really big , ' she said . bath time : wally the wallaby going in for his regular baths . crash going on fishing trips and strolls along the beach with the wills family . crash attending a ninth birthday party where he took part in the donut on the string with the kids . crash going on his regular adventures with the family ( left ) and being carried in a sports bag ( right ) . despite the roo going on regular trips with his family , ms wills said she does get the unusual stares from other people in public . ' they do give us weird stares but most of the time they would all come over for pats and to ask lots of questions , ' she said . ' it really is amazing to see how many people instantly love him and want to pat him . ' country people don’t get the opportunity to get up close either when they drive down the road and see them all in the paddocks . ' but it the wills family are not the only ones who have a pet kangaroo in their home . when ms nellist was pregnant , wally did n't let anyone near her belly and would lay across from her as if he was ' protecting me ' . snack time : crash being given treats . wally the wallaby taking a nap after a long day . kangaroos are pets too : crash hanging with the family dog ( left ) and wally watching tv with the cat ( right ) . crash going on a road trip with the wills family ( left ) and wally the wallaby taking a nap with his cat friend . suzie nellist , from innisfail in far north of queensland , found wally the wallaby on top of his dead mother on the side of the road and took him home to nurse him back to health . ' it 's quite common to find abandoned wallabies where i live , ' ms nellist told daily mail australia . ‘ i 've seen him recover and grow so big and strong , which inspired me to find a way to do it full-time , ’ . the 20-year-old wildlife carer who has cared for injured and orphaned wallabies for many years said they make great pets but only in the right circumstances . ‘ roos make great companions if they are given a choice to be free and quite often , they still hang around , ' she said . ‘ we have quite a large space for our guys , and they all get along great with my dog and cat . they become quite close and adapt to them like a mob . ‘ it 's really quite amazing to see them all sleeping in the backyard or eating all their dinner together . wildlife carer suzie nellist has cared for injured and orphaned wallabies for many years . wally the wallaby getting his regular baths ( left ) and a cheeky snack in the kitchen ( right ) . while it sounds too easy to own kangaroos in our backyards , ms nellist said it 's hard work . while it sounds too easy to keep a kangaroo in the backyard , ms nellist said it 's hard work and they 're not always easy . ' they are like naughty toddlers , ' she said . ' we had to put locks on all our cupboards and put our bins up high to keep them from tipping bins over and breaking into cupboards . ' wally actually learned how to break into our cupboard to get to the sweet potatoes . ' they have a beautiful little cheeky character , but it can be hard work if you do n't have the time or patience for them . crash resting in front of the fireplace ( left ) and wally the wallaby going on a road trip ( right ) . wally the wallaby hanging around next to his owner . crash playing in the backyard . for people interested in owning a kangaroo , ms nellist said she would definitely recommend it to everyone . for people who are interested in owning a pet kangaroo , ms nellist said she would definitely recommend it to everyone . ' i think everyone needs to see the natives from a different perspective , ' she said . ' people often get the impression they are a pest , or they are inadequate but they have the right to be here . ' they definitely deserve more respect than what they get , and i think if more people got up close to them , and saw them the way i see them , they could really appreciate them . ms nellist advises : ' if anyone does see a dead wallaby or kangaroo on the road , it 's important to check their pouch for any joey and call the local wildlife carer if you do find one . they eat and live like cats and dogs - and make a great companion . the adorable kangaroo going on a fishing trip with the wills ' family .