january , it is said , is a bad time to do business . either prices are inflated or you’re picking up problem players other clubs don’t want . this year , it seems , has proved no different . big-money buys have struggled to impact , while loan signings , too , have not had the desired effect . here , sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers… . juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for £23m from fiorentina but has failed to impress at stamford bridge . juan cuadrado ( chelsea ) . for a fee in the region of £23m and arriving from fiorentina with a reputation bloated by his impressive performance for colombia at last summer’s world cup , cuadrado was expected to help fire chelsea towards the premier league and champions league crowns . in nearly three months , however , he has played just over three hours of top-flight football , failing to score or create a goal in that period . the colombian winger arrived with a big reputation after starring at the 2014 world cup . meanwhile , during the champions league exit to psg , cuadrado appeared for just 11 minutes and remained a spectator as they were eliminated following the second leg at stamford bridge . perhaps next season was always pencilled in for the explosive winger to make his impact , but the jury remains very much out based on his early efforts . wilfried bony ( man city ) . with sergio aguero perennially troubled by injury problems and edin dzeko about as reliable as his team-mate’s hamstrings , £28m swansea striker bony was supposed to be the man to take on the scoring mantle and see home city’s defence of their title . wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city have slipped out of the title race . his arrival , of course , was delayed by participation at the africa cup of nations , but bony has done little to breathe new life into city’s stuttering season . there has been just one goal – the opener in a routine 3-0 home win over west brom – and he has missed the last two matches – including the derby defeat at manchester united – after turning an ankle in training . the former swansea striker scored more premier league goals than any other player in 2014 . he has started just two games and his involvement during the champions league defeat to barcelona was restricted to 18 minutes at the nou camp . bony will have to hit the ground running next season or his days at city could soon be numbered . mauro zarate ( qpr ) . perhaps the argentinian should have taken the hint when harry redknapp tried to send him back to west ham before he had even kicked a ball for the r’s . mauro zarate has failed to make an impression at loftus road during his loan . premier league rules meant he had to stay and , four substitute appearances later , zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for his latest employers . zarate fared slightly better at birmingham city in 2008 when , during another loan stay , he netted four times . zarate scored two goals in seven appearances for west ham before being farmed out on loan . that , though , was not enough to keep the blues in the premier league and it looks as if he’ll have a second relegation on his c.v. come may . callum mcmanaman ( west brom ) . the £4.75m capture of mcmanaman from wigan was hailed as something of a coup given how he had impressed for the latics on occasion . callum mcmanaman 's move to the hawthorns has coincided with west brom 's slip into relegation battle . but therein lies the problem with the combative forward – getting him on the pitch and keeping him there . talented , no doubt , but mcmanaman’s progress at the hawthorns has been curtailed by an ankle problem and six appearances later he is yet to trouble the scorers . the scotland international was one of the stars of wigan 's unlikely fa cup victory in 2013 . he hasn’t featured for over a month and , in that time , west brom have slid back towards the relegation mire . mcmanaman’s arrival was intended to help safeguard against such a scenario , so in that respect the signing has disappointed . filip djuricic ( southampton ) . big things were expected of the serbia international given ronald koeman’s prior knowledge of the skilful winger – who played for heerenveen in holland - and southampton’s recent record in the transfer market . ronald koeman brought in the talented forward , but filip djuricic is yet to complete 90mins for the saints . there have been flashes of promise but the 23-year-old is yet to play a full 90 minutes for the saints and now finds himself sidelined with an ankle problem . djuricic – on loan from benfica – wants to make permanent his stay on the south coast , but injury could rob him of the chance to impress . the on-loan benfica winger ( left ) will have to do more to make his move to st mary 's permanent . 