shay given has revealed the pain still lingers from ruud gullit’s decision to snub him for the 1999 fa cup final between newcastle and manchester united . the republic of ireland goalkeeper played every round of newcastle’s run but was dropped in favour of steve harper for the wembley showpiece , won 2-0 by sir alex ferguson’s side . given has yet to experience a truly fulfilling visit to the national stadium . he played in the 1998 fa cup final loss to arsenal , as well as the semi-final defeat to chelsea in 2000 . shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley . he has an fa cup winners’ medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against stoke with joe hart in net . he is out to make amends against liverpool . ‘ it was nice to be part of winning it with man city but when you don’t play it doesn’t have the same value , ’ he said . ‘ i don’t know where my medal is to be honest . ‘1999 was a bit of a slap in the face . do you ever get over it , i suppose ? it’s not an easy one . ruud gullit didn’t even tell me , he got the goalkeeping coach terry gennoe to tell me i wasn’t playing . ‘ but you can’t look back in football , you’ve just got to look forward . i’d love to win a trophy and make a bit of history at aston villa . ’ the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets . villa manager tim sherwood confirmed given will start on sunday , a day before the irishman turns 39 . manager tim sherwood has confirmed given , who turns 39 tomorrow , will keep his cup place rather than be replaced by no 1 brad guzan . given has played every round of the competition , beginning under paul lambert , and make key saves along the way . given admitted he felt matches of this magnitude had passed him by when he was out on loan at middlesbrough last season , as lambert jettisoned players he needed to remove off the wage bill . last april , he was in the dugout assisting villa’s former manager as coach when ian culverhouse and gary karsa were suspended . ‘ i am employed by aston villa and i felt i could help out , ’ said given . ‘ life is too short to have grudges . ’ sherwood watched his villa side in training as they prepare for the sunday 's crunch clash . sherwood , his former blackburn teammate , has provided a ‘ new lease of life’ . ‘ tim is a very ambitious guy , he wants to keep the club in the premier league and win the fa cup . there have been occasions this season where people have seen the angry side . but ten minutes later he is putting his arm around the same player . one of his best skills is man management . he knows how to get the best out of people . ’ given has regained his place in the ireland team and is wants to play at euro 2016 should his country qualify . he would also like to take the goalkeeping shirt off brad guzan in the premier league . he has a year left on his contract this summer and will discuss his prospects with sherwood . ‘ this run has shown i’m still capable and hopefully it gives a seed of doubt into the manager’s head as well that if he wants to mix it up in the premier league . ’ aston villa defeated rivals west brom 2-0 in the last round to book their semi-final appearance at wembley . 