the girlfriend of a british student killed in the alps plane tragedy told last night how he switched flights ‘ at the last moment’ - and revealed she did not blame the co-pilot who crashed the jet . paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the germanwings flight 's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside , killing all 150 people on board . but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame lubitz , 27 , who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it . couple : anneli tiirik ( right ) said she did not blame the co-pilot for the death of her boyfriend paul bramley ( left ) . killer co-pilot : andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside . she told the sunday people : ‘ i can not hate or blame someone for being sick . instead of blaming sick people and trying to understand their motives from the perspective of a health mind , we should concentrate on changing the system that enables such people to be in positions of power . ’ the music student - who began dating mr bramley four years ago - said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks , such as brain scans , to prevent similar disasters in future . she said she had waited for mr bramley at manchester airport , having flown in herself from estonia , before later learning of the crash . ‘ he was originally meant to land in manchester on the monday night , but he changed his flight at the last moment for tuesday . tribute : flowers in front of a monument in le vernet , france , in homage to victims of the germanwings flight . martyn matthews ( centre left , with his family ) , 50 , from wolverhampton , was among the other britons killed . ‘ that was all the information his mum and i had , because he had switched off his mobile phone . i had a bad feeling because he would never have left me alone waiting like that . ’ probing : search operations last month at the crash site of the airbus a320 , near seyne-les-alpes . she added that she had been at the airport for a few hours when a relative of his came to pick her up . the woman got out of her car with tissues in her hand , and miss tiirik then knew ‘ the worst had happened’ . originally from hull , mr bramley was studying hospitality and hotel management at ceasar ritz college in lucerne and had been set to start an internship on april 1 . he had just finished his first year at the college and was flying home via dusseldorf from a few days holiday with friends in barcelona when he was killed . the other britons killed were martyn matthews , 50 , from wolverhampton , and seven-month-old julian pracz-bandres , from manchester , who died alongside his mother , marina bandres lopez belio , 37 , originally from spain . many uk airlines changed their rules in the wake of the crash to ensure two people were in the cockpit at all times . the mail on sunday reported last month how mr bramley’s father made an emotional appeal for the 150 dead not to be forgotten and demanded airlines be more ‘transparent’ . fighting back tears in digne , close to where his son perished on march 24 , philip bramley said : ‘ what is relevant is that it should never happen again ; my son and everyone on that plane should not be forgotten , ever . i don’t want it to be forgotten , ever . ’ he added : ‘ i believe the airlines should be more transparent and our finest pilots looked after properly . we put our lives and our children’s lives in their hands . ' i want to see this cloud over this town lifted and the natural beauty be restored and not to be remembered by the action of a single person . ’ stressed pilots warned air chiefs about a possible rise in cockpit suicides a month before the germanwings disaster , it was claimed today . more than 6,600 captains and first officers were asked about working conditions – with a report revealing allegations that many pilots were becoming ‘ ticking time-bombs’ . the european commission-funded study insisted that financial pressures , a lack of job security and excessive working hours were leaving many airmen and women depressed . professor peter turnbull , one of the experts who helped compile the report , said : ‘ all these pilots tell you that they still go to work when they know they should n't be flying . ’ he added : ‘ when this report was published , the main discussion around it was what it would take for the industry to take notice . everyone said a crash . ' a british airline pilots association spokesman said : ‘ insecure forms of employment , such as zero-hours contracts , have been a major concern for pilots for some time . ‘ however , the germanwings accident is still under investigation and there is no evidence at this stage that employment conditions were a factor in that tragedy . ’