a narrow two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering £750,000 . the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london . despite being only a little wider than a rugby player’s shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ' well proportioned ' . scroll down for video . the tiny home ( circled ) , sandwiched between two other properties , which has sold for £750,000 , is located on a leafy street in islington , north london . inside , the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas , a little over the size of a rugby player 's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in . the home has what boat owners would call a narrow ' galley kitchen ' , an expert has said , with the estate agency calling it ' well proportioned ' . the property is a two-bedroom apartment , with a narrow but long and extended back section . it also features tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden and is said to be garnering a lot of interest . it has two-bedrooms , a tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden . at its widest , it stretches across 8ft 8in . the property was put on the market with foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001 . neither its dimensions nor its size put off buyers - with the estate agency yesterday confirming the home was now under offer . the advert called it a ' stylish two bedroom period house ' which ' offers beautifully bright living space throughout with characterful touches and a pretty rear garden ' . foxtons declined to comment . at a price of £750,000 , the buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat which is 50ft long . henry pryor , a buying agent , said : ' this home must be one of the few in which you genuinely could not swing a cat . ' strangely the first floor master bedroom is wider than the ground floor room below and it has what boat owners would know as a `` galley kitchen '' . ' a lot of buyers would struggle with the idea of living in a home little bigger than a cricket net . ' late last year a 34-bedroom north devon mansion which is 40 times the size of the islington home sold for just £600,000 . the property 's backyard is a narrow strip of land stuck between the house and a neighbour 's fence . the backyard deck runs along the roof of a room in the tiny house giving the occupants a place to sit outside on sunny days . at a price of £750,000 , the buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty . it previously sold for only half the price when it was on the market in 2001 .