the title race may be over in the minds of some , but joe hart is irrepressibly optimistic . of course , he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how manchester city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs . ‘it’s kind of how we do it , ’ said hart , when asked about city’s need to overcome a nine-point deficit . ‘ we like to do it a different way . we’ve not necessarily reached the standard week-in , week-out that we wanted to , but the beauty of football is that you get another chance and that starts on monday at crystal palace . ‘we’ve got some massive games ; eight big games to reach a level that we need to reach . we’ve not necessarily done that all season but we feel we are in the right place now . we have a lot of rest time and there are no excuses . everyone is fit and ready to go . we will never give up . ’ manchester city goalkeeper joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title . chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with both teams having eight games left to play . chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city . hart is a good cheerleader . last week he won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement . and his club may need his leadership now . at the etihad stadium two weeks ago there was a distinct lack of fervour despite the 3-0 win over west brom , as though a certain kind of resignation has set in regarding manchester city’s trajectory but hart does not accept that . ‘we’ve proved it and the fans have proved it – we never give up , ’ he said . ‘ that is one thing that is part of manchester city that we’ve taken with us from the olden days . we’ll never give up while anything is possible . we’ll go for it . ‘ we have definitely moved on as a team since we first won the league in 2012 . that was a massive achievement but now we expect it of ourselves . we have been disappointed at certain times this season but there are eight games to go and we’ll give it all we’ve got . ’ hart himself is a good example of the adage that one should never give in . dropped last season by manuel pellegrini and threatened this season by the £6million signing of willy caballero , hart is playing as well as ever , his penalty save against lionel messi and the subsequent performance at the nou camp a product of a long period of good form . hart has proven his class after being dropped last season following a handful of mistakes . ‘ i feel pushed , ’ said hart . ‘ i have personal pride . i push myself personally . i think the world of willy . i think he is a fantastic goalkeeper and i know full well that if my standards drop , willy will be in goal . that is how it is at manchester city . that is how it is with england . i know it is the same thing here . i need to be on my toes and performing at a high level otherwise someone takes your spot . ’ and hart is not content with game , striving to better himself . ‘ i can improve everything , management of the game . but i want to improve on everything and do n't just say that lightly . i look at everything i do . you don’t set limits . i want to keep going and keep pushing and keep my place in the two teams i’m with – manchester city and england . i hope the best is to come . that is what i’ll be pushing to do . ‘ every game is a rescheduled goal for me . it genuinely is . i’ve enjoyed the two games with england but i turn my head to palace now . that is the next game for me and the one i’m looking forward to . ’ hart labelled buffon , who won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night , a ' legend of the game ' . and if he needed any inspiration in that quarter , a look across to his opposite number on tuesday night at the juventus stadium would have provided it . as hart won that 50th cap for england , gianluigi buffon was winning his 147th at the age of 37 and proving as sharp as ever . the england goalkeeper is a fan . ‘it’s hard to look past buffon . he’s absolutely amazing . what a keeper – 147 caps , countless titles , the world cup , european trophies . what a goalkeeper and what a gentleman . he’s real idol of mine and it’s a real privilege to share a pitch with him . ‘i’ve got a long way to go . but to see people like that at the top level is a real good feeling . i like him . i’ve watched his career and how he is around people . it’s a small amount of time you spend with people when you are in the tunnel with them but he oozes class . ' he is a classy guy and it’s great to have an icon like that . fraser forster played against juventus a few times and said the same thing . ’ only in one area will hart not be emulating buffon . with his designer stubble , flowing hair , and his silk waist coat and designer shirt , buffon looked a little more like a successful artist or film-maker than a footballer as he left the juventus stadium . ‘ he does look cool , ’ said hart , with a degree of self deprecation . ‘i’ll never try to be him . with my mousey blonde hair , it wouldn’t really work . ’