an investor has paid a whopping $ 71.2 million for a sprawling florida estate - just two weeks after he gave a speech that slammed the rising wealth gap in america . paul tudor jones ii , the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week , the palm beach daily news reported . the mediterranean-style seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater , swimming pool and gym . the hefty purchase came days after jones , 60 , warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march . scroll down for video . new home ? paul tudor jones ii , the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , spoke out against the rising wealth gap in america at a ted talk in canada last month - and bought a $ 71m home days later . a spokesman for jones declined to comment when reached by dailymail.com . in the speech , the self-made billionaire called the current wealth gap ' disastrous ' . ' the gap between the one per cent and the rest of america , and between the u.s. and the rest of the world , can not and will not persist , ' he said . ' now here 's a macro forecast that 's easy to make , and that 's that the gap between the wealthiest and the poorest , it will get closed . history always does it . it typically happens in one of three ways - either through revolution , higher taxes or wars . none of those are on my bucket list . ' he said that while he is a proud capitalist because of the successes it has allowed him , he added that capitalism has become increasingly focused on short-term earnings , cnbc reported . ' it 's like we 've ripped the humanity out of our companies , ' he said . ' it 's threatening the very underpinnings of our society . ' sprawling : the ocean-front home , which was built in 1918 , has seven bedrooms and 18 bathrooms . stunning : the mediterranean-style home has ocean views one side and views across a lake on the other . impressive : as well as 420 feet of oceanfront access , the home has a gym , tennis court and boat dock . peaceful : there is also a swimming pool , a pool house and a movie theater at the sprawling estate . luxurious : the former owners previously sold off three other parts of the estate in separate sales . he has formed just capital , a non-profit that aims to boost justness in companies by asking people how they deem a company to be just - and then judging the top 1,000 firms against these criteria . jones is married to australian-born sonia klein , a former model who runs a chain of yoga studios in new york , and they have four children together . they live in greenwich , connecticut . he has an estimated net worth of $ 4.6 billion , according to forbes , which ranks him at number 352 on its list of the world 's billionaires . he is also one of the biggest philanthropists in the hedge fund world . he co-founded the everglades foundation , which strives to protect the everglades in florida , and established the robin hood foundation , which aims to alleviate poverty in new york . it has raised and granted more than $ 1.45 billion to the poor . jones , a graduate of the university of virginia , has also given the college donations for a new basketball arena and various research facilities . billionaire : jones is pictured with his wife , model and yoga entrepreneur , sonia klein , in february 2011 . critic : in his speech last month , he said he is a proud capitalist because of the successes it has allowed him but that capitalism has become increasingly focused on short-term earnings - which needs to change . in the florida sale , jones bought the oceanfront part of the property , which sits on six-acres of land . three lakefront sections of the estate were sold last year , earning its sellers , real estate developer dwight c. schar and his wife martha , a total of $ 116.1 million . the amount for the entire property means it is the island 's highest ever deal for an estate with multiple parcels sold separately , according to the palm beach daily news . the schars bought the property from millionaire ron perelman in 2004 and 2005 for $ 85.6 million . the estate was originally designed by abram garfield , the youngest son of president james garfield , in 1918 for u.s. rep chester bolton and his wife , rep. frances bolton . it was later restored and altered by ferguson , murray and shamamian architects llp .