an new jersey police lieutenant who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . in may 2014 , benito gonzalez jr.,46 , was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks , police say . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17-year camden police veteran 's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence , the courier-post reports . blame : benito gonzalez , 46 ( photographed ) , who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . the father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay , the philadelphia inquirer reports . while county officials are working to fire the lieutenant 's , the post reports , gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago , the inquirer reports . it all began in june 2011 when gonzalez , who ran the department 's narcotics unit , had an encounter with a drug dealer , 32-year-old adam reed . in the altercation , gonzalez dived to the ground , injuring his hamstrings , as reed fired shots at him from a handgun . reed then pointed the gun at gonzalez 's head and pulled the trigger . but the weapon malfunctioned , saving gonzalez 's life , and reed was later sentenced to 66 years in prison , the inquirer reports . ' i just saw my life completely over , ' gonzalez told the inquirer , ' i thought i was dead . ' gonzalez 's career seemed to flourish and the 46-year-old was even promoted to lieutenant in 2013 . but gonzalez said he used his job as a way to escape his crumbling mental health . starbucks : police say gonzalez walked into this starbucks in cherry hill , while off-duty , pulled down his pants and masturbated at one of the coffee-shops tables . in evaluations after the incident , psychologists recognized that gonzalez had issues linked to the trauma and reportedly gave him the task of deciding whether to stay with the department . he chose to stay and tried hiding his problems from his co-workers telling the inquirer that he did n't want to seem ' weak ' or incapable of dong his job . in the years following the incident , gonzalez would be diagnosed with ptsd , suffer panic attacks , experience flashbacks of the traumatic incident , and even contemplate suicide . it was not long after considering suicide that gonzalez , while off-duty , walked into the starbucks on route 70 and committed the lewd act . gonzales claims he was intoxicated and in a blackout state as a result of the trauma and only remembers drinking before going to the starbucks and returning home that night , the inquirer reports . he said he did not know he had been at the starbucks until police contacted him and told him he was being charged . gonzalez is set to appear at an administrative hearing wednesday where his attorney will ask the department to briefly reinstate the lieutenant so he could apply for his more than $ 60,000 accidental-disability pension -- which law enforcement officials can receive after suffering disabilities from an incident , the inquirer reports . the pension represents a majority of gonzalez 's income , needed to provide for his wife and three children , aged 16 , 15 , and 8 . his wife says she fears the family will have to move from its home due to the financial strain . while the fate of gonzalez 's pension is unknown , the post reports that a judge last month approved gonzalez 's participation in a conditional dismissal program . the program would require gonzalez to undergo a one-year probationary period where he would be monitored . if he does not violate the probation , the lewdness charge could be dismissed , and he could have the charge expunged from his records six months later .  