it 's hot or not time again as ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week and what 's been leaving him cold inside . shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of formula one ? hot . fc porto . bored of flags on seats ? try capes on seats . the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white . does this mean that the visitors ' lumbering defender dante became the first footballer ever to ' lose the ball in the background ' ? porto 's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white as their side stunned bayern in the champions league . shivnarine chanderpaul . the west indies batsman is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots . slow and boring . but the 40-year-old 's longevity is staggering . more than 21 years he has been at it . when he started , test matches still had rest days . now that only happens when england play australia . west indies ' shivnarine chanderpaul may be slow and boring but he is still going strong at 40 . steve davis . only the truest sportsmen keep going when nobody else cares . last week the six-times world snooker champion , now 57 , played a qualifying match at a swimming venue in sheffield . he lost 10-1 . there is something mildly heroic about that . i think . steve davis failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 . monday night football . if match of the day remains our go-to for weekly football then it now has serious competition . neville , carragher and co have taken analysis to such a level that , on more occasion than one recently , the chat has been a darn sight better than the football . jamie carragher and gary neville 's analysis is often a better watch than the game they 're commenting on . not . the grand national . it remains hypnotic viewing but when winning trainer oliver sherwood says : ' i 'm just glad the horse came back in one piece ' does that not beg a very obvious question ? crabbie 's grand national winner many clouds and owner trevor hemmings with trainer oliver sherwood . formula one . watching a sport where only two or three can win has always struck me as rather pointless . rather like watching football in scotland . now it turns out lewis hamilton and nico rosberg ca n't even decide how fast to drive . at least hunt and lauda had personalities . mercedes team-mates nico rosberg and lewis hamilton have been at loggerheads this season . alastair cook . the england skipper has always struck me as a fine batsmen and a poor leader . now his bad form has continued after tips from graham gooch , the man he sacked from the england set-up last year . are you thinking what i am thinking ? alastair cook 's struggles with the bat have continued in england 's first test against the west indies . jurgen klopp . much interest in his decision to leave borussia dortmund but klopp may find his mobile does n't ring quite as hot from the game 's biggest clubs as he thinks . proof once again that , if you are going to walk then do it when the team is winning . jurgen klopp announced this week that he would leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . 