when catherine gerhardt got her business of the ground , she chose to reach out to her competitors and ask them if they were interested in collaborating . while most ignored her offer , she did receive one response so nasty , that the thought of it still fires her up . ' i felt as though i had been punched in the gut , ' ms gerhardt told daily mail australia . after reaching out to competitors only to receive a nasty response , catherine gerhardt now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ' flamers ' . she teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate and exit in order to deter bullies . ' he basically responded saying that i could never know as much as he knows , it was a total power play . ' ms gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her melbourne company , kidproof safety , and completely ignore the bully . ' when dealing with a ' flamer ' or troll , all you want to do is respond to justify yourself , ' she said . ' but i tell the children to instead follow ' ice ' and ignore , communicate and exit . ' much like a troller , a ' flamer ' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction . an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ' flamer ' ( like in ms gerhardt 's case ) waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response . ms gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go . then by communicating the incident to an adult and then exiting the situation , the behaviour is not escalated . she advises those experiencing this behaviour to try and not take it personally . ms gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go . an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ' flamer ' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response . along with the ice motto , ms gerhardt , in her early 40 's , also advises adults and children who witness others being ' flamed , ' to employ ' act . ' ' assess ' the situation , ' calm ' yourself down before getting involved and ' tell ' someone about the bullying behaviour , ' she said . 'bullying-related suicides often happen because ice and act have n't worked that well and the victim has had a difficult time exiting the situation . ' if , for business purposes , the victim must respond to the ' flamer , ' ms gerhardt has advised that via email is not ideal . ' with email , it 's all about the tone , ' she said . ' i would personally step up and attempt a person to person conversation rather than over email . ' ms gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible . ' they just want to stir the pot , ' she said . ' i live by the mantra , if you ca n't say anything nice , do n't say anything at all . '      