cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army . but it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six . it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her . ms mcgregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the national press club on wednesday - when the prime minister told her ' it was okay ' . ' i actually said to him `` your party wo n't be thrilled about this '' , ' she said , the abc reports . however the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage , saying she is ' sad ' that he is not a supporter of it . scroll down for video . cate mcgregor - now group captain in the royal australian air force - spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name malcolm . prime minister tony abbott ( left ) publicly backed mcgregor ( right ) by introducing her on abc 's australian story , when she detailed her struggles as a man and then as a trans-woman . ms mcgregor had put off discussing her gender dysmorphia with her long-time pal - a catholic conservative who openly opposes same-sex marriage - and in hindsight ' grossly under-estimated his capacity for friendship ' . ' he did n't run a focus group or ring ( conservative liberal members ) cory bernardi or kevin andrews to see if it was ok , ' mcgregor says . ' there is a kind of a firefighter buried inside the politician still and he tends to barge into burning buildings if his friends are in there . ' mr abbott publicly backed his friend by introducing her on abc 's australian story , when she detailed her struggles as a man and then as a trans-woman . ms mcgregor , now group captain in the royal australian air force , spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name malcolm . in 2012 , after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs , mcgregor stopped ' functioning ' as a man and chose to live as a woman . she tried to resign from the office of former chief of army david morrison when her transformation became public . he refused her resignation . ' it was easier to tell david morrison i was transgendered than i was going to become an air force officer , ' she said . ' i love the army for that . ' mr abbott sits with ms mcgregor to commentate during the international tour match between the prime minister 's xi and england at manuka oval in canberra last year . the senior officer addressed the national press club on wednesday as part of a women in media series . mcgregor a senior officer knows she 's ' benefited enormously ' from male privilege . but she 'd willingly sacrifice it all to have lived as a woman from her early 20s . the cricket commentator , columnist and former staffer to bob carr , addressed the national press club on wednesday as part of a women in media series . at times , she became tearful . but even through tears she had the room laughing . ' the hormones are obviously working , ' she quipped . ' i guess if michael clarke had to cry during a eulogy , i get to do a weep . ' mcgregor believes mr abbott was n't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party . ' he received cynical abuse from some quarters , ' she said . ' there 's no denying it , he has been vilified and become a hate figure to some extent . ' and she wo n't attack him publicly , including his stance on same-sex marriage or his performance as minister for women . ' the one thing i 'm not going to do is shop a friend for a round of applause . ' the abc did however report that she said : ' he 's not a supporter of gay marriage , i 'm sad about that . '