the camera on your iphone could soon help save your life by testing to see if you have cancer in just a few minutes . scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone and could even eventually be used at home . their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . scroll down for video . the graphic above shows how a blood sample can be mixed with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells ( labelled a ) . when these are placed in a clip on module ( b ) that attaches to a iphone camera ( c ) the microbeads produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a diseased cell ( top right ) . when added to a tissue or blood sample , these microbeads bind to any cancerous cells in the sample , changing the way light passes through it . using a smartphone app , these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes . a tissue sample taken from a biopsy or blood from a simple finger prick is mixed with microbeads labelled with specific antibodies . this mixture is then placed on a slide that is inserted into a module that can clip onto the camera of a smartphone . an led at the back of the module illuminates the sample on the slide and lens in the module magnifies the image , which is then captured using the camera on the phone . the scientists used an iphone 4s in their tests meaning an 8mp camera is enough . when clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample . they produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together . the user can send this image to a central computer for analysis . the researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes . the researchers say each test costs around £1.20 ( $ 1.80 ) . the scientists behind the device , based at massachusetts general hospital and harvard medical school , say it can even return results within two minutes . they have already tested their device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples obtained during smear tests . however , they say the system - known as digital diffraction diagnosis or d3 - can be adapted to screen for other types of cancers and they have already begun a trial testing for lymphoma . professor ralph weissleder , a system 's biologist at harvard medical school who led the work , said it could even be used to help diagnose infectious diseases like hiv , tb and ebola . writing in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences , professor weissleder and his colleagues said : ' we envisage that these advances will position d3 as a versatile screening tool for various cancer types ( eg cervix , breast ad lymphoma ) and infectious diseases ( eg ebola , hiv and tuberculosis ) with applications in field work , mobile clinics and home care settings . ' the device works by using microbeads that specifically target molecules that sit on the surface of cancer cells . diseased cells often produce molecules that makes them stand out from healthy tissue and so can be detected by antibodies . the graphic above shows how the new device works with a iphone to analyse samples for signs of cancer . the images above show how the microbeads ( small white circles in bottom images ) clump around cells ( dotted lines ) in samples that were found to be of high risk of cervical cancer ( left ) low risk ( middle ) and benign ( right ) . by attaching specific antibodies to the beads , it is possible to make them bind to these molecules , meaning they will gather around a cancerous cell in a tissue or blood sample . the scientists developed a module that can be attached to the camera of an iphone 4s device . a tissue sample taken from a biopsy or blood from a simple finger prick could be mixed with these labelled microbeads and then placed on a slide . this is then inserted into a module that can be clipped onto the camera of a smartphone . an led at the back of the module illuminates the sample on the slide and an image is taken by the camera on the phone . the scientists used an iphone 4s in their tests . when clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light passes through the sample by scattering it into distinctive diffraction patterns . this can be detected by a central computer that looks for these distinctive patterns . the researchers say each test costs around £1.20 ( $ 1.80 ) . they tested the device on 25 women whose smear tests suggested they were at risk of cervical cancer . the graphic above shows the internal structure of the diagnosis module that can be attacked to a smartphone . they also used it to detect infection with human papilloma virus , which is thought to cause the cancer . the images above show how the diffraction patterns created by beads and cells change when the beads clump around a cell , highlighting cancerous cells ( bottom ) compared to a healthy cell ( top ) . they found that their results were between 92 % and 100 % accurate when compared to the current ' gold standard ' diagnostic test . professor weissleder said that the prevalence of smartphone technology around the world could bring tests like this to remote areas . he said : ' by taking advantage of the increased penetration of mobile phone technology worldwide , the system should allow the prompt triaging of suspicious or high-risk cases that could help to offset delays caused by limited pathology services in those regions and reduce the need for patients to return for follow-up care , which is often challenging for them . dr cesar castro , a cancer specialist at massachusets general hospital , said it could prove invaluable for places like botswana , where there are less than 10 pathologists in the whole country . he said : ' the global burden of cancer , limited access to prompt pathology services in many regions and emerging cell profiling technologies increase the need for low-cost , portable and rapid diagnostic approaches that can be delivered at the point of care . ' parents can use their smartphone to spot the early stages of retinoblastoma , an aggressive , deadly eye cancer affecting predominantly young children . the cancer , which develops in the retinal cells of the eye , is fast growing and lead to sufferers needing their eye removed . taking a photo of a child 's eye using a flash can highlight signs of a tumour as the cells reflect the light back , making the pupil appear white . the childhood eye cancer trust launched a campaign last year urging parents to use their smartphones to conduct the test .