this is the moment a four-year-old girl broke down in tears because the ' little ducks ' in a nursery rhyme did not come back to their mother . rilie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica . she starts by confidently singing : ' four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away . ' mumma duck says quack , quack , quack , quack , but only three little ducks came back . ' but as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears . as she gets to the penultimate verse , where ' no little ducks come back ' , she starts to sob with her arm across her face . at the end of the clip rilie , who lives with her mom , dad and two-year-old brother , leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return . mrs carey posted the video on facebook alongside the caption : ' my four-year-old daughter learned a new song at school yesterday and ca n't quite get through it without crying . ' she gets so sad that the mama duck does n't have her babies ! ! # allthefeels ' . the 25-year-old , who met rilie 's father aaron in 2007 , told mailonline : ' i filmed the video because after i had picked rilie up from school , she would't stop singing it all day and would start to get emotional near the end every single time . ' i recorded it at dinner time so i could show her dad once he got off from work . ' she is so caring and loving and , as a mother , it made my heart explode watching her get so emotional about the mama duck losing her babies . she 's so sweet . ' i just adored it . it makes me happy to know how loving her little heart is . ' rilie ( left ; right ) learnt the popular song about ducks at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mother jessica carey . jessica carey ( pictured with her husband aaron , rilie and two-year-old son ) posted the video on facebook with the caption : ' my four-year-old daughter learned a new song at school yesterday and ca n't quite get through it without crying ' . mr carey , a 32-year-old tattoo artist , also shared the video on facebook and added : ' if you have n't already seen this video , check it out . ' it 's my sweet little daughter singing a new song she learned at school . she gets very emotional towards the end lol . ' the video has already received more than 2.9million views on facebook . hundreds of viewers have commented , with many dubbing the video the ' cutest thing ever ' . mrs carey is hoping rilie will now be invited on to the ellen degeneres show .