chelsea moved another step closer to securing the premier league title , after cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road , to condemn queens park rangers to a devastating defeat . jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips . here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... queens park rangers . rob green - his dreadful kick led to chelsea 's late winner . not a moment he 'll want to remember in hurry . 5.5 . mauricio isla - tasked with taming the interchanging hazard and willian and kept at his task admirably . 6.5 . steven caulker - alongside onuoha , the defender dealt with drogba 's threat excellently . 7 . nedum onuoha - strong display from the versatile defender , who now looks at home at centre-back . 7 . nedum onuoha ( 15 ) performed well at the back for qpr and kept didier drogba quiet throughout . clint hill - showed tremendous desire at left-back and did well to combat both willian and hazard . 7 . matt phillips - has shone in recent weeks for rangers and caused chelsea problems with his pace . 6.5 . joey barton - hurried and hassled chelsea 's midfield . typical energy from the controversial midfielder . 6.5 . joey barton ( centre ) put in a good shift for the home side and made life difficult for chelsea 's midfield . matt phillips ( right ) came close to scoring for qpr but his shot was brilliantly saved by courtois . sandro - put a real shift in for rangers and showed moments of quality , too . denied a goal by courtois ' brilliance . 6.5 . karl henry - his defensive instincts were vital as qpr tried to stem chelsea 's attacking flow . 6.5 . bobby zamora - no wondergoal this week , but his experience was just as important in this west london derby . 6.5 . charlie austin - caused chelsea problems with his clever movement and went close on a couple of occasions . 6.5 . subs . niko kranjcar 6 ( for sandro 81 ) junior hoilett 5.5 ( for zamora 83 ) ; richard dunne ( for isla 90 ) . chris ramsey - 6.5 . charlie austin ( left ) nearly scored a spectacular effort in the first half but the chelsea keeper denied him . chelsea . thibaut courtois - the busier of the two keepers ; produced a brilliant save in the second to deny phillips . 7.5 . branislav ivanovic - looked comfortable for much of the afternoon as opponent henry showed little attacking intent . 6.5 . gary cahill - stood up to the physical battle with austin and zamora with minimal fuss . 6.5 . the belgian goalkeeper was chelsea 's stand-out performer with a number of crucial saves . john terry - an unpopular figure at loftus road , but stood firm under hostilities from the home crowd . 7 . cesar azpilicueta - the left-back was kept busy by phillips down qpr 's right , but emerged with plenty credit . 7 . ramires - had little impact in midfield and was hauled off by mourinho early in the second half . 5 . nemanja matic - has had far better afternoons but , as ever , offered a solid-enough shield to his back-four . 6 . cesar azpilicueta ( left ) kept qpr 's dangerous attackers quiet and was good going forward to join the attack . cesc fabregas - the masked midfielder was off-key all afternoon before popping up with the winner . 6.5 . willian - tireless as ever down both chelsea flanks , but could n't help his side break down resolute rangers . 6.5 . eden hazard - a quieter than usual afternoon for the belgian , but still provided a telling contribution for the winner . 6 . didier drogba - handed a rare start with remy and costa missing through injury , but had little impact on proceedings . 6 . subs : oscar 6 ( for ramires , 56 ) ; juan cuadrado 5.5 ( for willian 80 ) ; kurt zouma ( for fabregas ) . jose mourinho - 6.5 . man of the match : courtois . cesc fabregas ( right ) slotted home the winner after good work from eden hazard and oscar . hazard ( right ) had a fairly quiet afternoon but provided the assist for fabregas to win the clash .