a mother-of-three has told of how a boob job saved her life – as she discovered she had cancer after knocking one of her newly-enlarged breasts . leza davies , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence . the 33-year-old saved up £4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look . then , in april 2012 , she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size . scroll down for video . leza davies , 33 , says her boob job saved her life , after she discovered a cancerous lump when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame . mrs davies was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile . but remarkably , she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment . she is pictured with daughter araya , now nine months . she found a pea-sized lump , which hospital tests revealed was cancerous . she began six months of chemotherapy , followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission . she says her implants saved her life , because as she did n't regularly check for lumps , without knocking her breast she might not have discovered the tumour until it was too late . it was after breastfeeding her first baby brayden , who is now 12 , that mrs davies first decided she wanted a boob job . ' i was left with saggy breasts after feeding , ' she said . ' there was just no tissue left , so i decided to get implants to restore my confidence . ' i thought they would improve how i felt about myself . i did n't know they would save my life too . ' mrs davies , a semi-permanent makeup technician , said she was happy with her new breasts after having the procedure , and settled down to life as a new mother . she went on to have her daughter , macy-rayn , in 2010 . but , three years ago she was sorting through some laundry when she caught her breast on the door frame . breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in the uk . in 2011 , just under 50,000 women were diagnosed with invasive breast cancer . most women who get it ( 8 out of 10 ) are over 50 , but younger women , and in rare cases , men , can also get breast cancer . most breast lumps are n't cancerous , but it 's always best to have them checked by a doctor . a person should see a gp if they notice any of the following symptoms : * an area of thickened tissue . * nipple discharge , which may contain blood . * a change in the size or shape of your breasts . * dimpling on the skin of your breasts . * a rash on or around your nipples . * a change in your nipple 's appearance – for example , becoming sunken into your breast . * persistent pain in your breasts or armpits . * a lump or swelling in your armpits . source : nhs choices . rubbing the sore area , she felt a pea-sized lump and her husband tristan , 36 , urged her to visit her gp . mrs davies said : ' i was only 30 and did n't think it would be anything to worry about . ' i just went to put my mind at ease . ' the doctor referred me to hospital for further tests . i was told it was very unlikely to be anything sinister , but they wanted to be cautious . ' a few weeks later doctors advised her to have a lumpectomy test , and this confirmed she had cancer , which is extremely unusual in someone her age . while breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in the uk , 8 out of ten women who get it are over 50 years old . mrs davies describes the pure terror of being given such a diagnosis . she said : ' i was devastated . i just kept crying thinking i was going to die and imagining my children growing up without me . ' that july , she began six months of chemotherapy and radiotherapy , but the cancer had spread to the lymph nodes surrounding her breast . she then had an operation to remove five lymph nodes containing cancerous cells , and afterwards doctors were confident she was in remission . however , they said the treatment would probably leave her unable to have more children . she explained : ' afterwards , they told me they 'd got all the cancer but that i would n't have anymore children as a result of the treatment . ' i would have liked more , but i was already lucky enough to have one of each and was just so happy to be alive . ' all thanks to my boob job . ' mrs davies only went to her gp about the lump she had found because husband tristan , 36 ( pictured here with her on their wedding day ) begged her to go . mrs davies says her implants saved her life and will allow her to see her children , including her youngest baby araya ( pictured ) grow up . now , she urges all women to check their breasts for lumps . however , she soon suspected she might be pregnant and took a test , which revealed she was , in fact expecting . her daughter araya-maye , is now nine months old , sister to brayden , 12 and macy-rayn , five . she describes araya-maye as her ' second miracle ' . ' the first is discovering the lump . it was less than a centimetre in size , so if i had n't knocked my breast , i would never have felt it . ' ' who knows what would have happened ? i never checked my breasts . i would n't in a million years have thought it was necessary at my age . ' i thought breast cancer was something that affected older women . ' having implants was a confidence thing . i wanted to be able to wear a bikini and feel good about myself . ' but if they 'd stayed the same size i would never have knocked them . ' my implants saved my life . i 'd ask all women – however young – to check their breasts . ' one in five women later diagnosed with breast cancer had originally put off making a gp appointment for at least four weeks . thousands of women are risking their lives by waiting more than a month before seeing their gp after spotting breast cancer symptoms . one in five diagnosed with the disease had put off making an appointment for at least four weeks , allowing the cancer time to spread and potentially reducing their chance of survival . and one in 20 had delayed seeing the doctor for more than six months , according to a survey of patients . some said they were scared about what they might be told , while others were worried they would be seen as a nuisance . women in their fifties and sixties were among the worst culprits , the poll by the charity breast cancer care found , because they wrongly assumed they were in the clear after they had been through menopause . britain has one of the worst cancer survival rates in europe and this has been blamed on the disease being detected too late . breast cancer patients in the uk have a five-year survival rate of 81 per cent , lagging behind many european countries , with france , italy and sweden boasting an 83 per cent survival rate back in the mid-1990s . 