the feel-good factor at everton continued to grow after many of the club 's first-team players attended the annual ' academy day ' at finch farm on tuesday . a spring resurgence of five wins and a draw in their last six games has propelled roberto martinez 's side into the top half of the premier league , and the likes of leon osman , phil jagielka , ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent . players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the blues ' senior stars for a training session at the halewood complex , with the fun-filled occasion including games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by manager martinez and his coaching staff . leon osman shares a joke with two of the everton academy players as ross barkley looks to get involved . phil jagielka larks around at the academy day as he teaches a youngster an unorthodox scorpion clearance . james mccarthy was also in attendance at the academy day , pictured in a passing drill he will be familiar with . tyias browning , who made his senior debut earlier this season in the merseyside derby against liverpool at anfield , told evertonfc.com that the experience rekindled fond memories for him . the academy graduate said : ' this is my second one as part of the first team but i still remember when i did it as an academy player . we were training with the likes of big dunc [ duncan ferguson ] and joseph yobo then but it 's been great to see the smiles on a lot of kids ' faces today . ' the club really look after the younger players and finch farm is a special place to be . today has been good fun and i think we 've had as much fun as the kids ! ' academy director tim devine added : it 's a great opportunity for the six to 11-year-olds to interact with the players , it 's a great example of the family atmosphere that exists at the club . the manager and his backroom staff are all here , and it 's fantastic . ' romelu lukaku watches on as a youngster celebrates a goal during one of the small-sided games yesterday . an aspiring young everton goalkeeper is in safe hands as second-choice stopper joel robles catches a ball .