former teacher mary kay letourneau and her student-turned husband , vili fualaau , have revealed how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old . on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for '20/20 ' , which will air tonight . the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle . she then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . speaking to walters , letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual . scroll down for video . family affair : mary kay letourneau , vili fualaau , and their two daughters , audrey and georgia , sat down for an interview with barbara walters on the eve of the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary . speaking out : the interview will air on 20/20 on friday - nearly 20 years after letourneau 's arrest for the relationship with her former student . she was his sixth grade teacher when their affair began . ' the incident was a late night that it did n't stop with a kiss , ' letourneau recounted . ' and i thought that it would and it did n't . ' when asked how letourneau - then a married mother to four young children - felt about the affair , she responded : ' i loved him very much , and i kind of thought , `` why ca n't it ever just be a kiss ? '' ' but it did n't stop there and by the end of the summer , she had fallen pregnant with the boy 's child . months later , her husband discovered a love letter she had written to fualaau and he contacted police . she was arrested and gave birth to their first daughter while on bail in may 1997 . following a highly-publicized trial , she was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . but weeks after her release , she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . struggles : the couple said they have had their ups and downs but had a solid relationship to start with . relationship : the duo first met when fualaau ( pictured in 1998 ) was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and letourneau ( right in a 1996 school photo ) was his teacher . letourneau gave birth to the second baby girl , georgia , while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . being a father at such a young age and bringing up the girls without letourneau was a struggle , fualaau said in the interview . he slipped into a depression over the years , he said . ' i do n't feel like i had the right support or the right help behind me , ' he said . ' from my family , from anyone in general . i mean , my friends could n't help me because they had no idea what , what it was like to be a parent , i mean , because we were all 14 , 15 . ' he was not allowed to visit letourneau while she was in prison but he believes contact with her would 've helped him . she was the only person he really needed to talk to , he said . ' i mean , if they gave me more options or choices to make instead of just saying , `` oh , you ca n't talk to her anymore , '' and i was like , `` i really do want to talk to her , though '' , ' he said . in court : she is pictured left in court in 1997 - she ultimately went to prison for seven and a half years - and right proudly showing off her baby bump in a pregnancy photo released in 1998 . struggles : a teenage fualaau , pictured in 1998 , said he struggled while letourneau was in prison because he desperately wanted to talk to her , but was not allowed . reunited : letourneau is pictured with her daughter audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . in the abc interview , fualaau said he struggled with not speaking to letourneau while she was locked up . ' i 'm surprised i 'm still alive today . i went through a really dark time . ' she was released from jail in august 2004 and fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . the couple got married just 10 months later at a washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . they have been together ever since . ' if it was n't strong enough in the beginning , it would n't have carried through those years , ' letourneau told walters in the interview . the couple remained in the same seattle community where letourneau had lived with her first husband and their four children . while she was in prison , her husband had moved the children to alaska , but she remains close to them , she said , and they have good relationships with their two young sisters . family : she was married and had four children before the affair . she is pictured , right , with one of her sons . back together : the couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their normandy park , washington home in 2006 . she was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . at home : the couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near seattle in 2005 . fualaau , who is just a year older than his wife 's oldest son , said it was ' awkward ' for him to be so close in age to his stepchildren . but even though they were happy to be reunited , the couple were not without their struggles . in 2006 , fualaau was back in court - this time in the defendant 's chair - for drink driving . he was pulled over for speeding and later found to be over the blood-alcohol limit . in trouble : fualaau is pictured in court in 2006 for a hearing into a drunken driving charge . he was sentenced to a year in jail with all the time but a day suspended and was put on probation for two years . and last year , letourneau made headlines after she was booked into washington 's king county jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license . the couple 's two daughters , 17-year-old audrey and 16-year-old georgia , also joined them for the interview with walters . both girls attend school and sing in a choir in the same district where their mother once taught . audrey graduates high school in june and will start college next fall , while georgia is a sophomore . the fualaau sisters said their parents have told them how they met , but they were not taken aback by the scandalous circumstances surrounding their mom and dad 's relationship . ' there was never a sit-down chat , `` now is the time we 're going to talk to our children about this '' , ' their mother said . ' they seemed to already know ... because they grew up with it . ' while some might compare the story to other female teachers in underage sex scandals , family friend , photographer mark greenberg , told the daily news it could n't be more different . ' i know there are people out there who find it to be nothing other than this woman broke the law and she 's a rapist , and yet there are others who see it as ' love is something that 's pure ' and here 's two people who are enjoying the fruits of that , ' he said . modern family : mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau 's 17-year-old daughter , audrey ( right ) , was born while her mother was out on probation . her 16-year-old sister , georgia ( left ) , was born behind bars . 