a fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time handed arsenal a 2-1 victory and a place in the fa cup final . the royals keeper , who had made some fine saves earlier in the match , allowed alexis sanchez 's low shot to squirm between his legs and over the line on 115 minutes , which was enough to see the gunners return to wembley on may 30 to try to defend the trophy . sanchez had swept the gunners into the lead on 39 minutes . however , reading were level when garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny , who could only palm the ball back over the line . sami mokbel rated the players ' performances at wembley . alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici . reading ( 4-4-2 ) adam federici 6 . made a string of excellent saves before that moment he 'll want to forget . wo n't sleep for a week . chris gunter 7 . did an admiral job in dealing with sanchez . steady performance from the right-back . michael hector 8.5 . performed superbly in the heart of reading 's well-drilled back-four . looks to have a big future . alex pearce 8 . a dominant figure for the wembley underdogs . the skipper lead by example . jordan obita 7 . got forward as often as possible to provide reading with an attacking outlet . federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . garath mccleary 7.5 . showed discipline in helping gunter cope with sanchez before shocking wembley with the equaliser . nathaniel chalobah 7 . composed in central midfield and worked hard in protecting his defenders . booked . daniel williams 7.5 . a combative display in the reading engine room . did n't give arsenal 's midfield a second 's peace . hal robson-kanu 6.5 . good tussle with debuchy . gave as good as he got down the royals ' left side before begin subbed . jamie mackie 6.5 . always looking to play off mertesacker 's shoulder ; his movement and pace caused problems . arsenal striker danny welbeck ( centre ) has an effort blocked by reading goalkeeper adam federici . pavel pogrebnyak 7 . the focal point of reading 's attack . excellent contribution to mccleary 's goal . subs . jem karacan ( on for robson-kanu , 89 ) 6.5 . added legs to reading 's midfield for extra time . simon cox ( on for chalobah , 105 ) 6 . thrown on as reading searched for a second leveller . yakubu ( on for pogrebnyak , 111 ) n/a . could n't muster some of his old magic to save reading . subs not used : kelly , norwood , andersen , cooper . manager . steve clarke 7.5 . his side were brilliantly organised from the outset . the scot can be mightily proud of his troops . gareth mccleary 's second-half strike went over the line for reading after a deflection from keiran gibbs . arsenal ( 4-2-3-1 ) wojciech szczesny 6.5 . he 'll have nightmares about mccleary 's goal , but it 's hard to blame him for the equaliser . mathieu debuchy 6.5 . his first appearance since january 11 and it showed in patches as the frenchman lacked match sharpness . per mertesacker 6 . went close with an early header before limping off early in the second half . laurent koscielny 7.5 . took a whack to his nose in a early collision with mackie but recovered to be the dominant figure in arsenal 's defence . striker sanchez ( right ) celebrates alongside team-mate keiran gibbs after scoring for arsenal against reading . kieran gibbs 6 . not been regular of late and it showed . looked a little rusty at times . francis coquelin 6.5 . as ever , put a real shift in but did n't do enough to stem reading 's second-half tide . santi cazorla 7 . the spaniard saw plenty of the ball , pulling the strings for the gunners on a tense afternoon . aaron ramsey 6.5 . playing down the right does n't suit the welshman . and how did he miss that chance to score in the final five minutes ? mesut ozil 8 . unlocked the door with an excellent pass to set up sanchez 's first goal . probed and probed . arsenal had an inconsistent first half before sanchez struck clinically after mesut ozil passed to him excellently . alexis sanchez 8 . not his most influential afternoon but still popped up with two goals at wembley . danny welbeck 6 . well shackled by pearce and hector before being replaced in the second half . subs . gabriel ( on for mertesacker 63 ) 6.5 . could easily have scored twice from headers . olivier giroud ( on for welbeck 72 ) 6.5 . added physicality to the gunners ' forward line . theo walcott : ( on for coquelin 101 ) 6.5 . slotted in down the right for the final 20 minutes . subs not used : wilshere , ospina , monreal , flamini . manager . arsene wenger 7 . yet another nervy wembley outing for the frenchman . it really should n't have been this tense . 7 . mom : michael hector . referee : martin atkinson : 7 . att : 84,081 . 