how we work out the distance of something we can hear but not see has been somewhat of a mystery - until now . scientists say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberations of sound help us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces ( stock image shown ) . in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut and published in the journal of neuroscience . they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source of a noise . researchers have long understood how we can tell a sound 's direction - whether it 's to our left or right , front or back , and above or below us . from their heavy build and short limbs , to the shape of their skull and teeth , there are many ways that the anatomy of neanderthals differed to our own . now experts say that even a small bone in their ears are dissimilar to one in modern humans , raising the prospect that our extinct ancient relatives heard differently to us too . researchers created a computer model of the middle ear bone of a neanderthal child , whose remains were discovered in france 40 years ago . the remains from the two-year-old child , which are known as la ferrassie 8 , were discovered at la ferrassie in the dordogne , south western france , between 1970 and 1973 . asier gómez-olivencia , an ikerbasque researcher at the university of the basque country in northern spain , produced a 3d computer reconstruction of the remains . his work , published in the journal of human evolution , reveals another anatomical difference between the neanderthals and modern humans in the smallest ossicles of the body . but how we tell how far away it is had remained a mystery . ' the third dimension of sound location was pretty much unknown , ' said dr duck kim , a neuroscientist at uconn health . the researchers suspected that the effect echoes had on volume - or amplitude modulation - could be key in our ability to perceive a sound 's distance from us . to explore the idea , they used tiny microphones to record the sounds inside rabbits ' ears as they played sounds at different locations . they used these recordings to simulate modulated or unmodulated noise coming from different distances from the rabbit . then the researchers played the simulated sounds back to the rabbit , and measured the responses of neurons in the rabbit 's inferior colliculus ( ic ) , a region of the midbrain known to be important for sound perception . when the rabbit heard the simulated sounds , certain types of ic neurons fired more when the sound was closer - when there was a bigger difference between the sound 's maximum and minimum volume . the farther away the source of a sound is from a listener , meanwhile , the more echoes there are , and the more limited the changes in volume become . as the source moved further away , therefore , the neurons fired less and less . the researchers say that the effect echoes have on volume - or amplitude modulation - could be key in our ability to perceive a sound 's distance from us . without amplitude modulation , for example in an anechoic ( echo-free ) room , pictured , a person ca n't tell how far away a noise is from them . the results suggest that , as a sound gets further away , our brains are able to work out the differences in its maximum and minimum volume - and thus its distance . dr pavel zahorik , a researcher at the university of louisville school of medicine , got the same results with human volunteers . without amplitude modulation , for example in an anechoic ( echo-free ) room , a person ca n't tell how far away that noise is . ' reverberation is usually considered a bad thing , ' detrimental to hearing clearly , said dr shigeyuki kuwada , co-author on the university of connecticut study . ' but it is necessary and beneficial in order to recognise distance . ' the researchers hope to investigate the problem further , and tie together the perception of distance , horizontal and vertical directions of sound .