when 18-year-old jackson byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse . incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food . ‘it’s such a relief , it’s just amazing . jackson is a fighter ! ’ his mother rhonda told daily mail australia . his elated family are ‘ over the moon’ that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be . in recovery , jackson opened his eyes surrounded by his surgeon and family , who had been trying to prepare themselves for bad news . jackson byrnes , 18 , underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday . it has been an enormous success . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia who was willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy jackson more time . ‘ the surgeon told jackson to try and lift up his arm . and he did ! like that ! we couldn’t believe it , ’ his mother said . ‘ and then he turned his head to the surgeon , dr teo , and said thank you . it was such a beautiful moment . ’ jackson 's story made national headlines this week , with strangers digging deep to help the family , donating more than $ 95,000 in just over a week . thousands of people helped to fund jackson’s $ 80,000 operation and contribute to other medical costs . on wednesday , his loved ones waited for seven anxious hours as world-renowned surgeon dr charlie teo operated on the teen at the prince of wales hospital in sydney’s east . three weeks ago the teen from casino in nsw 's north was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . jackson 's mother rhonda byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his gofundme page to help fun the crucial $ 80,000 operation . his family refused to accept the dismal diagnosis and took matters into their own hands and found dr teo , who said he was willing to perform the operation if the family understood the risks . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo was the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see the casino teenager paralysed . ‘ we were told he would probably wake up and be paralysed down his left side . that was so hard to hear but we really had no choice in the end , ' rhonda told daily mail australia . ‘ we would have lost him , we had to take that chance . ’ ‘ i didn’t know where the hell i’d get the money , i just knew i have it no matter what . i would have gone to the ends of the earth for him , ’ rhonda said . dr teo told daily mail australia that he hopes the surgery will buy the teen more time . ' if you can buy him time with surgery then the hope is you 're going to get a good response to the chemotherapy and radiotherapy and a significant extension of time , ' he said . ' even if we could buy him six months of life the hope is we 're going to come up with new treatment in that time . ' dr teo said the $ 80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard . the 18-year-old ( pictured left , getting his head shaved ) at a recent fundraising event . the byrnes family have already endured the ‘ four weeks from hell’ . it was an emotion-filled moment on wednesday morning as they waited for jackson to go into theatre at 9.30am . ‘ we all had so much anxiety before the surgery . it was a seven hour long procedure and the unknown was driving me crazy , ’ said rhonda on wednesday night . ‘ before he went in he said he was anxious . not knowing what he’s up for . ’ ‘ he was a bit upset before the surgery . he went really quiet . we were trying not to be scared , ’ said his 17-year-old little brother maton . ‘ but everyone was just focussed on believing that he was going to come out of the surgery alright . ’ it was a tense wait for his family and loved ones . ‘ i couldn’t stop thinking about him in there all by himself , even though i knew he was in the best of hands , ’ said rhonda . jackson needs $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront , and another $ 45,00 for fees . but it was n't long before the byrnes family were laughing again . rhonda couldn’t believe it when , after such an intense surgery , her cheeky son was back to his old tricks . she had quickly ducked away from the hospital after visiting her son in recovery . jackson’s name popped up on rhonda’s phone screen . ‘ i thought it would be his girlfriend jahnae calling to update me on his condition after such an intense surgery , ’ rhonda said . ‘ instead i heard jackson’s voice and he said to me : “ mum , hi ! what are you up to ? i feel great , but i’m really hungry , ”’ rhonda laughs . ‘ he was just talking like normal and looking for food . we had been to told to expect he’d be paralysed ! there is still a long road to go for young jackson , much of it unknown . ‘ four weeks ago he was a fit young fellow and had his own future ahead of him , ’ rhonda said . dr teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . ‘he’s still fighting , it is overwhelming . ’ the family have gained strength from the love and support they have received from thousands of people who have rallied around them . ‘it’s incredible to have everyone coming together for us . our phone has been running hot , even from strangers calling wanting to help however they can or see how jackson is , ’ said rhonda . ‘ it makes us so happy . i don’t know how we could have done it without ‘ team jacko’ . jackson’s heartbroken mother rhonda had been told the incredibly risky surgery . after a tense seven hour long wake , jackson woke but when jackson woke up , the was told to try and lift his left arm and he did ! then he turned his head to dr teo and said thank you . it was such a beautiful moment . at the end of a long day , we all had so much anxiety before the surgery . it was a seven hour long procedure and the unknown was driving me crazy . ‘ before he went in he said he was anxious . not knowing what he’s up for . ’ jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $ 80,000 for surgery . ‘ he was a bit upset before the surgery . he went really quiet . we were trying not to be scared , ’ said his 17-year-old little brother maton . ‘ but everyone was just focussed on believing that he was going to come out of the surgery alright . ’ it was a tense wait for his family and loved ones . i couldn’t stop thinking about him in there all by himself , even though i knew he was in the best of hands . no one else would operate , they wouldn’t even attempt . it was an enormous relief when dr teo took on his surgery , words can’t describe the relief . the response from everybody – including so many strangers – has been amazing , dr teo had predicted that he would remove 95 per cent of the tumour . most of the tumour has been successfully removed but the byrnes family are yet exactly how much . jackson 's girlfriend jahnae jackson ( right ) noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri .