the next time pep guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in bavaria – and that time will come – he has some useful numbers to roll out . as of tuesday night , the most pertinent one available to him is 115 . that is the number of goals guardiola 's bayern team have scored so far this season , a number plenty enough to take them in to the last four of the champions league , the semi-final of the german cup and to the cusp of successive bundesliga titles . it 's a funny game , football is n't it ? people can grow restless , unhappy even , pretty quickly . as guardiola himself said on the eve of this undressing of porous porto , people are only happy here if bayern win the treble . bayern munich 's thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side ahead on 14 minutes and set the german giants on their way . former barcelona midfielder thiago races away to celebrate and clenches his fist after giving bayern munich the lead on the night . bayern munich defender jerome boateng scores the second header of the evening to double bayern 's advantage and level the tie at 3-3 . boateng points to the skies in celebration after the germany international 's goal gave bayern the initiative as they led on away goals . robert lewandowski made it a hat-trick of bayern headers on 27 minutes as the poland striker powerfully nodded the ball into the net . thomas muller shoots and scores to give bayern an incredible 4-0 lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining . muller lets out a roar in celebration and is congratulated by fellow goalscorer thiago as the bavarians took full control of tuesday 's tie . lewandowski powerfully strikes from inside the area to give bayern munich a 5-0 lead at half-time as the frontman netted his second . lewandowski slides on his knees in front of the allianz arena crowd after scoring his second goal of the night as bayern raced away . the bayern munich frontman is congratulated by mario gotze ( left ) , defender rafinha ( centre ) and muller ( right ) after scoring . martinez replies for porto but the goal was just a consolation as the portuguese giants failed to stage an unlikely comeback in munich . bayern munich midfielder xabi alonso bends the ball past the porto wall to score his side 's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go . alonso jumps in celebration and points to the sky as captain philipp lahm races over to congratulate the spanish midfielder . bayern munich ( 4-3-2-1 ) : neuer 6 , rafinha 7 , ( rode 72 , 6 ) boateng 7.5 , badstuber 7 , bernat 7 , lahm 7 , alonso 7.5 , thiago 7.5 ( dante 90 ) , muller 8 , gotze 8 ( weiser 86 ) , lewandowski 8.5 . subs not used : reina , schweinsteiger , pizarro , gaudino . booked : badstuber . manager : pep guardiola , 9 . scorers : thiago 14 , boateng 22 , lewnadowski 27 , 40 , muller 36 , alonso 88 . porto ( 4-3-3 ) : fabiano 4 , reyes 4 ( ricardo 33 , 6 ) , maicon 5 , marcano 4.5 , martins indi 5 , herrera 5 , casemiro 4.5 , torres 5 , quaresma 5 ( neves 46 , 6 ) , martinez 5 , brahimi 5 ( evandro 67 , 6 ) . subs not used : helton , quintero , hernani , aboubakar . scorer : martinez , 73 . booked : ricardo , marcano , herrera , martinez . sent off : marcano . manager : julen lopetegui , 5 . man of the match : robert lewandowski . referee : martin atkinson ( england ) 8 . attendance : 70,000 . well , despite the horrors of the 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week , that remains very much on and the statistics show that guardiola and his players have indulged in a fair amount of self-expression along the way . guardiola wo n't remember all the season 's goals . he wo n't remember all of the seven bayern scored against roma and against shakhtar , the eight they plundered at home to hamburg or the six they put past sc paderborn . the spaniard will remember the half dozen his team scored here on tuesday night , though . he will remember them - especially the five that came in a brutal , spellbinding opening half - because they will be set against the background of last week 's defeat and the disgruntlement that followed . questions were asked about his own future , bayern 's club doctor walked out , slamming the door behind him . by half-time , though , those matters seemed rather distant already and that is what brilliant football does . it makes people forget the small details . that , in a way , is the whole point of sport . certain bayern 's rather entitled supporters will have seen little better than this over the years . not just because of the quality of the football but because of the context and because of the sheer hunger and monotonous forward drive of this team . ' i knew my players could do this , ' said guardiola afterwards . ' but this was not perfect . we can still improve . ' having started so badly in the first leg last week – bayern were two down early– they needed to reverse things quickly . after 23 minutes they were two goals up and , from that point on , the contest was no longer valid . lewandowski had already struck the post when bayern took the lead , left-back juan bernat crossing to the near post for thiago alcantara to thump in a header . the goal served to break the tension a little and as porto failed to settle , bayern began a hypnotic and relentless journey through the gears . a shot from thomas muller was saved by fabiano soon after but that proved a rare moment of competence for the porto goalkeeper . he had a poor night and was beaten for the second time midway through the half when jerome boateng glanced a header in by the post after a corner . at this point , bayern were already mathematically through . porto needed to score to maintain an interest but they were too skittish , too panicked and too intent in arguing with referee martin atkinson to ever get a foothold in a game that quickly galloped away from them . bayern munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach the champions league semi-finals . muller celebrates with supporters at the full-time whistle while porto defender maicon looks dejected as porto surrendered a first leg lead . porto 's algerian frontman yacine brahimi looks to control the ball in the air under pressure from bayern munich right back rafinha . ricardo quaresma , who scored twice in porto 's first leg victory , attempts to get the better of bayern 's spanish left back juan bernat . porto defender diego reyes slides in to a challenge to dispossess bayern munich frontman mario gotze during the first half . colombia international jackson martinez , who scored porto 's third goal in the first leg , controls and shields the ball from rafinha . the third goal arrived soon after – lewandowski finishing first time after philipp lahm had set him up beautifully – and it was at this point a massacre seemed in the offing . a drive from muller from distance then struck defender casemiro and span through fabiano 's flapping legs in the 36th minute and , after a rare porto attack culminated in a dive by , and a booking for , jackson martinez , lewandowski struck again , teasing two defenders before arrowing a perfect shot in to the corner with his right foot . half-time found the portuguese on their knees and they crawled to the dressing room . beyond that , bayern lost some momentum and porto even scored a goal , martinez heading in . on the touchline , however , guardiola 's greatest inconvenience was a split to the seam of his suit trousers . as time wore on , he continued to instruct his players feverishly . at times he must be exhausting to play for . in the stands here , meanwhile , manchester city 's football director txiki begiristain looked on covetously as xabi alonso curled in a free-kick at the death after the dismissal of ivan marcano . city , as we know , could do with a man like pep . they are not alone . porto duo oliver torres ( left ) and martinez ( right ) look dejected as bayern munich stormed into a 5-0 lead at half time . bayern munich manager pep guardiola holds his head in his hands after a missed chance having ripped his trousers in celebration . guardiola gives captain lahm instructions on the touchline as gotze , thiago and muller take a breather during a break in play . porto manager julen lopetegui and bayern munich boss guardiola - former barcelona team-mates - share a joke ahead of the game . gotze ( on the left of the middle row ) posted this picture of the bayern munich celebrations on instagram . injured trio franck ribery , mehdi benatia and david alaba chat in the home team dugout ahead of bayern 's quarter-final tie . holland international arjen robben , who was also sidelined through injury , was a pundit alongside oliver kahn ( right ) on tuesday evening .