a massachusetts man is facing charges in connection after severed human body parts were discovered inside a discarded duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology . carlos colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . he is being held on $ 1million bail . remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech saturday morning , according to police . scroll down for video . carlos colina , left , faces charges of accessory after the fact to an assault , battery and improper disposal of a body . above , he speaks during his attorney during his arraignment . colina was arrested sunday after severed human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a human head was found in his apartment building 's recycling bin . the head of victim jonathan camilien , 26 , of somerville , was found in a recycling bin in colina 's apartment building across the street , according to the police report . middlesex district attorney marian ryan says the death is considered a homicide , though colina has not been charged with murder . ' we are not seeking anyone else in connection with the discovery of these human remains , ' she said monday . a saw , rope and cleaning supplies were found in colina 's apartment , which is located one block from the cambridge police department . ' we 're confident that this was not a random act , ' haas said . the suspect had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head , according to the boston globe . colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head . authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide , though colina has not been charged with murder . the relationship between the victim and suspect was not immediately known , though camilien and colina were known to each other . a motive was not disclosed , both their families were in court on monday . according to the investigation , a neighbor reported hearing an argument coming from colina 's apartment friday night , while colina and camilien were last seen returning to the building just after 11 pm friday . a man now identified as colina was seen in surveillance video from nearby biogen offices exiting the apartment building at about 4.15 a.m. saturday carrying a duffel bag , authorities said . he returned to the apartment building empty handed . defense attorney john cunha jr. called it a sensational case . ' obviously the circumstances of the case are sensational enough , ' he said . ' i 'm not going to exacerbate it . ' he later called it ' a sad situation . ' colina has another assault and battery case currently pending against him where the victim is not camilien .