a popular virginia high school senior who passed away suddenly this week likely died from bacterial meningitis , it has emerged . madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday , the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell , my fox dc reported . loss : eighteen-year-old madison small , pictured , passed away suddenly on tuesday morning after feeling ill on monday and it has now emerged she died of meningococcal meningitis . the bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell . it is the school system 's first confirmed case in two years , the washington post reported . the last case in loudoun was in january 2013 . public health and school district officials said they do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students , particularly because last week was spring break . loudoun county schools spokesman wayde byard told the post that lockers at the school have been cleaned twice but there is no indication of an outbreak . ' it 's a very tragic case ... but there 's no reason to panic , ' he said . david goodfriend , director of the loudoun county health department , said a small number of people who had contact with small would be watched for symptoms . her close friend devan rook told the washington post that she had thought nothing of it when her friend went to the school nurse on monday afternoon . loved : madison 's family said she was otherwise healthy when her health suddenly declined on monday . family : her father tim small , pictured center , spoke at a candle-lit vigil held for the teenager on tuesday evening . madison is pictured left with her older siblings and parents . meningococcal meningitis causes membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord to become inflamed . it is caused by a bacterium that around 10 per cent of people naturally have in the back of their nose or throat with no issue - but sometimes it can invade the body . the bacteria is passed through direct contact with body fluids , such as through kissing or sharing eating utensils or drinks . symptoms can include fever , headache , stiff neck , nausea , vomiting , sensitivity to light and confusion . it is often diagnosed in infants , adolescents and young adults , and a vaccine is recommended for all children aged 11 to 18 . the disease can be treated with effective antibiotics but it is important that treatment be started as soon as possible . even with antibiotic treatment , people die in about 10 to 15 per cent of cases . and 11 to 19 per cent of survivors will have long-term disabilities , including loss of limbs , deafness , nervous system problems , or brain damage . ' did n't think anything was wrong with her , ' she said . ' in the middle of the night , she woke up complaining of headaches and stuff , and they took her to [ inova ] loudoun hospital and realized it was pretty serious . ' they could n't handle it there , so they medevac-ed her over to [ inova fairfax hospital ] . at that point , she was n't doing too well , and several of her organs were shutting down . ' she passed away on tuesday morning . her father , tim small , also told wusa9 that his youngest had seemed the picture of health over the weekend , when they played catch together . on tuesday night , just hours after news of their her death , hundreds of friends , classmates and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at the school . friends remembered small as a talented softball player who had happily mentored younger members of the team . she was also excited about starting virginia tech in the fall , they said . school principal dave spage , who broke the news to parents in an email on tuesday , said he thought there were as many as 400 or 500 people at the vigil , which he said ' speaks to her circle and her involvement here ' , nbc reported . madison 's father , who also has an older daughter and son with his wife , spoke to those who had gathered . remembered : hundreds of people gathered for a candle-lit vigil following madison 's death on tuesday . support : her varsity softball teammates wear their jerseys and line 2nd base as a tribute to madison . vigil : friends lit candles as they shared memories of the beloved 18-year-old on tuesday . memorial : classmates places flowers on madison 's desk after she was taken fatally ill . ' life can be short , we found that out today , ' he said . ' make the most of it : love each other . do n't get bogged down in the little nitpicky crap . put that aside . life 's too short . ' in a facebook post shared widely between madison 's friends online , she wrote a touching post in 2011 , quoting winnie the pooh . ' if there 's a tomorrow when we 're not together , there 's something you must always remember , ' she wrote , beneath a smiling photo of herself . ' you 're braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . but the most important thing is even if we 're apart , i 'll always be with you . '