a new york woman has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years . matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi & saatchi , wears the exact same ‘uniform’ – an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette – every single day because , as she explains to dailymail.com : ' when at work , i want to be judged on my work and my work only . ' in an article for harper 's bazaar , matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when , with ' a fairly important meeting on the horizon ' she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction . scroll down for video . empowering : saatchi & saatchi art director matilda kahl has got everyone talking about her everyday work ' uniform ' . ' i 'm given complete freedom over what i wear to the office , but that still left me questioning each piece that i added or subtracted from my outfit , ' she wrote . ' [ i kept thinking ] , `` is this too formal ? is that too out there ? is this dress too short ? '' i finally chose something i regretted as soon as i hit the subway platform . ' arriving at her meeting late , frazzled and wearing an inside-out sweater , while her male colleagues and new boss looked relaxed and at-ease , left her feeling frustrated and wondering why she 'd bothered with the stress of it at all . ' i knew my male colleagues were taken seriously no matter what they wore - and i highly doubted they put in as much sartorial time and effort as i had , ' she writes . ' but gender issues aside , i needed to come up with a solution to simplify this morning struggle . ' vowing to never let herself feel that way again , matilda made the decision to make the same simple , easy wardrobe choices as many of her male colleagues did , wearing the same outfit each and every day , thereby eliminating the seemingly endless struggle to determine what to wear . simple , yet effective : matilda achieved her look by buying blouses in bulk and pairing them only with black trousers . she found her sartorial salvation in the form of 15 identical white silk blouses and several pairs of simple black trousers . for a ' personal touch ' she added a custom-made leather rosette in homage to her mother , who used to love putting bows in her hair . she also throws on a black blazer for the chillier days . 'i’ve always thought black and white looks stylish , so it was a pretty easy decision on the color , ' she explains to daily mail online , adding that she took her time deciding on the exact designs . ' i finally fell for the white shirt for its diagonal button line and the cuts in the sleeves . ' new york gets really hot in the summer , so as an alternative to the 6 pants i bought 2 matte black skirts . simple and sweet . ' with her identical every day look , matilda is following in the footsteps of many high-powered individuals , from steve jobs to mark zuckerberg - who says he owns 20 identical grey t-shirts for work . all tied up : matilda tops off her look with a simple black leather bow , which she calls her ' personal touch ' inspired by her mother 's affinity for bows in her hair . but despite many people trying out the trend before her , matilda admitted that she faced ' mixed reactions ' to her new uniform idea from her co-workers . she was asked if she had lost a bet , joined a cult and some even assumed she was too destitute to afford other work clothing . but when confronted with endless questions about her new look , she shot back with : ' have you ever set up a bill for online auto-pay ? did it feel good to have one less thing to deal with every month ? ' many critics also wonder : why does n't she just choose her outfit the night before ? ' to me , that would only move the problem to another time of day , not really solving it , ' she says . ' it would just make me go to bed later and lose valuable sleep . ' nor would it solve the pressure of constantly feeling that i have to express my creative ability through my way of dressing , which is something i feel relieved from now with the uniform . ' according to matilda , the criticism has done nothing but reassure her of her choices . ' people have really put it to the test , and i’m happy to say the more questions i get the more sure i become of that i’m happy with my choice of wearing a uniform , ' she explains . all in all , matilda is immensely pleased with her decision , saying it has saved her huge amounts of money– and also removed a source of stress from her life completely . she also claims it has given her a new sense of control . coming up to three years in her look , matilda does n't see herself stopping anytime soon - but insists that if the mood strikes her , she could go back to planning her daily wardrobe . ' i still feel like it does a good job for me so i see no reason for stopping wearing the uniform , ' she says . ' but if i would wake up one day and feel like start spending time on picking out an outfit every morning , i’d no problem with giving it up . the uniform is here for me , i’m not here for the uniform . ' she does however admit that she has had to re-stock her collection of white shirts - because the 15 that she bought originally have become so worn out that she is no longer able to wear them . ' they are all exactly the same and have been for almost three years , up until a week ago , ' she added to harper 's bazaar . ' the shirts had gotten worn out , others stained ... .so last weekend i spent two days on a rather intense hunt for a new hero shirt . i finally found it at zara . '