an alleged ' serial bride ' accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration scheme was arrested just after leaving court friday , when she allegedly evaded the fare at a bronx subway station . 38-year-old liana barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ' services ' . cbs reports that the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece tracy barrientos . scroll down for video . covered : alleged ' serial bride ' liana barrientos accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration covers her face as she leaves court for a second time on friday with her niece , this time for evading a subway fare . emergency exit : barrientos used the emergency exit at this bronx subway station on friday instead of paying a fare for her trip just hours after leaving the court . barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service , and was released without any bail being set . her niece’s case was also dismissed . in video of barrientos leaving the court she can be seen cursing , throwing punches , and spitting at the cameras as she covers her face . this is shortly after she pleaded not guilty to marrying numerous men , some of whom who could pose a threat to american safety , say investigators . one of the men 38-year-old lianna barrientos wed was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . barrientos , originally from the dominican republican , lived with her partner and two children in the bronx until her arrest in february , however was legally married to at least four people at the time . in court today , prosecutors said barrientos married men from egypt , bangladesh , turkey , czechoslovakia , pakistan , mali and georgia - countries that were ' red flags ' for immigration , according to the new york daily news . at one time she was married to eight men simultaneously . always the bride : liana barrientos , 39 , of the bronx , pleaded not guilty on friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences . sullen : barrientos , seen here in bronx supreme court on friday , is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam . charged : the bronx district attorney 's office says she faces two counts of felony fraud charges . swindle : barrientos is accused of accepting money in at least one of the marriages , prosecutors say . all of her marriages took place in new york state , allegedly starting in 1999 . authorities only cottoned on after she said her 2010 marriage to salle keita , of mali , - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first , the new york post reported . this launched an investigation that unraveled a totaly of ten times barrientos has allegedly walked down the aisle . barrientos would spell her name differently on some marriage licenses and would file all over the state , in places including westchester county , mamaroneck , white plains , ramapo and long island , investigators said . six of the sham marriages occurred in one year , authorities allege . the daily news reported that it was her eighth husband , rashid rajput , that was deported to his home country of pakistan following an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . she has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument , involving marriage licences . ' this is a huge breach in security , ' national security expert manny gomez told wabc . ' if someone could remarry 10 times without bringing it to the attention of the authorities , potentially an al-qaeda plant could come in , marry this woman and be in this country illegally , plotting , recruiting , perhaps even executing a terrorist attack . ' bride : liana barrientos , pictured , has been married ten times . her first marriage took place in 1999 , with most recent being in 2010 . barrientos ' marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril . the bride and her grooms : this map shows barrientos ' marriages from 1999 to 2010 . barrientos ' first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to ahmed allam , then a second 2001 marriage to habibur rahman , the post reported . according to the newspaper , barrientos married six men in 2002 - namely davit koridze , duran goktepe , aliaksandr paharelau , vakhtang dzneladze , rashid rajput , and kakhaber khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to salle keita . authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in november 2014 . quoting court documents , the new york daily news said ' [ barrientos ] ... stated in sum and substance that she did marry mr. keita and that was her first and only marriage . ' the newspaper reported that barrientos could be sentenced to a total of eight years stemming from her two charges . barrientos has been arrested multiple times , including for loitering , drug possession , and jumping a turnstile and trespassing , according to the daily news . mystery : the department of homeland security was ' involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office told the new york times . according to the new york times , ' [ barrientos ] has divorced at least four times , from husbands nos . 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , but long after marrying husbands 3 through 9 . ' the times reported that for her first three 2002 marriages , barrientos wed koridze on valentine 's day , before she went on to marry goktepe approximately two weeks later , then soon tied the knot with paharelau . the department of homeland security was ' involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office revealed to the times . barrientos ' facebook profile says she hails from the dominican republic and lives in manhattan . it also says she became engaged in july 2013 . wedding bells ? barrientos ' facebook says she became engaged in july 2013 . a bronx building superintendent , ruben george , told the new york post ' she was arrested ... and [ her baby daddy carlos garcia ] does n't want her back . ' they have a kid together . she has one with him and one with somebody else . ' george also told the newspaper garcia booted barrientos out of his apartment . according to the post , barrientos and garcia are parents to a baby girl . barrientos did not immediately respond to a request for comment from daily mail online .