paul scholes has criticised mario mandzukic for over reacting after the atletico madrid striker appeared to be punched and bitten by real madrid 's daniel carvajal . mandzukic was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with sergio ramos , raphael varane and carvajal during the champions league quarter-final first leg at the vicente calderon . the croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from real defenders , even having his face cut following a ramos elbow , but scholes claimed the atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him . mario mandzukic complains he was elbowed after a clash with sergio ramos left him with a bloodied face . daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap . the referee was not looking at the incident as carvajal then struck out towards mandzukic . the atletico madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with the real madrid defender . ' mario was trying to cause a bit of trouble , ' the former manchester united midfielder told itv . ' the amount of times he was down , he made a meal of a few things . he makes out to be a tough centre forward but he was anything but . ' ironically mandzukic was booked for a foul on varane when it looked like he had been elbowed again , shortly after he needed treatment to stem the blood flow from above his eye after a clash with ramos . carvajal , meanwhile , denied that he had bitten mandzukic . he said : ' i 've seen that after the game i have been accused of biting another player , i want to say clearly that i have n't bitten anybody , nor attempted to do so . ' the madrid derby saw real control the first half before the scrappy second period was dominated by mandzukic 's battles off the ball . paul scholes criticised mandzukic for ' making a meal ' of many of his second-half clashes during atletico madrid 's 0-0 draw with real madrid in a champions league quarter-final . mandzukic lies on the ground holding his face after appearing to be be fouled . referee milorad mazic confronts mandzukic after the striker was left bleeding following a clash with ramos . luka modric acts as peacekeeper as mandzukic and cavajal argue at the vicente calderon . atletico physios treat the striker for the cut above his eye as manager diego simeone ( front ) looks on . scholes states that the goalless draw means atletico have the upper hand going into the second leg at the bernabeu , after the champions league holders failed to convert their first half chances , with gareth bale arguably wasting the best opportunity after being denied in a one-on-one with jan oblak . ' it could be a dangerous result for real , ' scholes added . ' if atletico get a goal at the bernabeu , real need two . real should have won in the first half . atletico have to thank their keeper for keeping them in it . ' the second half was poor and not a lot of chances were created . real will be disappointed because how well they played in the first half , they missed a couple of chances and they could regret it . ' mandzukic 's cut came after he was caught by an elbow from sergio ramos early in the second half . mandzukic was later booked before colliding again with carvajal with a forearm while challenging for a header .  