sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather , with philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find . online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets , with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history . ' many are buying because prices might rise further if manny wins . so while the fight is still days away , they are already buying these items , ' said 50-year-old carolyn yap-tan , who has been selling pacquiao items online for four years . a fan looks at boxing gloves signed by manny pacquiao on sale for 3,000 philippine pesos ( £45 ) per pai . retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising heavily for pacquiao items in the philippines . yap-tan said her sales via ebay have jumped 10 times since february when the megafight , which took five years to arrange , was confirmed . prices of pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves , the best-selling item , have also risen at least 50 per cent , said yap-tan , with buyers coming mostly from the united states , and a few from australia , canada and the united kingdom . the team pacquiao store , owned by the boxer himself with branches in manila and the southern philippine city of general santos , has seen its sales nearly triple , a record not seen during pacquiao 's previous fights . ' if we only had more stocks , we could report more sales , ' said team pacquiao sales representative honey gervacio . carlo libut , an australia-born filipino and a pacquiao fan , bought 4000-pesos ( £59.50 ) autographed boxing gloves for his collection at the team pacquiao store . ' first of all , i love the sport , boxing . and my whole family loves it , my dad loves it , and i 'm a big fan of manny pacquiao , ' he said . hats , shirts , gloves and many other items are on sale ahead of pacquiao 's fight with floyd mayweather . online pacquiao item seller carolyn yap-tan says sales via ebay have jumped 10 times . even street vendors are making a killing selling lower-priced pacquiao t-shirts , with vendors in the divisoria district in downtown manila saying customers often buy by the dozens . the philippines widely regard pacquiao , also an elected congressman , actor , tv game show host , recording artist , and a player-coach in professional basketball locally , as a national idol . thousands of fans often pack covered gymnasiums and public parks to watch free screenings of his fights on large led screens throughout manila and may 2 will be no different . eight-division champion pacquiao , 36 , is seen as the underdog to 11-times five-division world boxing champion ' money ' mayweather , 38 . pacquiao 's followers , however , are convinced he will make history . ' i believe he will win , he will defeat mayweather with his speed . pacquiao is fast on the ring , ' yap-tan said .