a five-year-old boy born with parts of his brain in the wrong place has stunned doctors by walking two miles every day . brave finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia - which means many of his ' grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position . it left the boy , from wallasey , merseyside , unable to walk and talk , and with a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy . finley lamb , five , pictured with his dad dan and mother sara , suffers from a rare brain abnormality . he is also highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems . but the five-year-old amazed mother sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school - and he even makes the journey on foot . ' it was around may last year when finley just got up on his own and walked across the room - we were amazed , ' said the mother-of-two , 37 . ' it just seemed to click with him and ever since then he has been building up from 50 metres a day , now to two or three miles five days a week . ' his programme says he has to do at least two miles a day and he can even get up curbs now on his own and walk up steps with a rail which is amazing . ' when finley was diagnosed with pvnh we were told he would probably never walk or talk - but now he is in mainstream school and playing with the other kids and his little brother . ' we just ca n't believe his progress . we never thought he would be able to lead an independent life , but now there is no reason why he should n't be able to . we are so pleased . ' finley defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now enjoys walking the two miles to school . finley made huge progress after he started a programme designed specifically for him by the family hope center , based in philadelphia , usa , just two years ago in april 2013 . the centre treats children with special needs and developmental delays and suggested special exercises and lifestyle changes intended to stimulate finley 's brain . finley was diagnosed with pvnh when he was two years old , which affects around just 50 children in the uk . but the determined schoolboy has made huge developments - with his brain function going from 54 per cent to 76 per cent and his mobility increasing from that of a seven-week-old baby to a two-year-old toddler . and he now attends st peter and st paul primary on the wirral , merseyside . sara - who also has a three-year-old son noah with husband dan - said : ' finley has made so much progress and that is why i am so passionate about getting this message out . ' it is hard to think what he would be like had we not found the family hope center and he still was n't able to walk or talk . and he was under a lot of emotional stress . ' at three-and-a-half he was n't walking or crawling , he slept in a cot like a baby and could n't speak at all . ' now he does n't stop talking . i nearly crashed the car one day because he said his first sentence and said ' mummy i do n't want to go there ' . i thought there must have been someone else in the car . finley 's mother sarah , pictured with him left , said : ' we never thought he would be able to lead an independent life , but now there is no reason why he should n't be able to ' . ' i think sometimes there is a misconception that disabled children do n't realise what they are missing , but it was shocking for us to find out just how much finley actually does understand . it is a neurological disorder caused by clumps of grey that did not move to the correct location in the brain during early development . pvnh can cause seizures , breathing problems , joint problems , intellectual delays and other concern . it affects just 50 children in the uk . little is known about the long term outcome of patients with periventricular nodular heterotopia . ' he is very determined to do things now and he questions things when he cant do them . ' his behaviour has changed so much and i did n't think that was possible . ' he is so much more confident and independent , and just like a normal child now . it is amazing - he wo n't let me do anything for him now . ' it has been hard work for us , but if it is working you do n't care how much effort or time it takes . i think he will have another year or two left on the programme then he should be finished . ' finley is due to have his fifth appointment with the family hope center in liverpool next week - and has visited the center in philadelphia three times . 