david cameron has made no secret of the fact that he gets broody around babies , but his wife samantha has ruled out adding to the family in number 10 . in another joint interview on the election campaign trail , the couple were insistent that they are not planning more children , with mrs cameron revealing her doctor has told her : ' no way , jose . ' she was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to their fourth child florence in cornwall after she arrived weeks early . scroll down for video . samantha cameron has ruled out having another baby , days after she and husband david cooed over seven-week-old regan on a visit to chorley , lancashire . baby talk has never been far from the couple 's mind as they have campaign across the country . baby talk has never been far from the couple 's mind as they have campaigned across the country . on friday mr cameron celebrated his emergence from the tv leaders ' debate unscathed with a visit to promote help for first time buyers . the couple cooed over seven-week-old regan as they meet her parents , robert arron and kelly jeffers at a housing development in chorley , lancashire . mr cameron was heard quipping : ' come on darling , maybe another one ? ' the prime minister , already a father of four , later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies . on a visit to a brewery in cardiff yesterday , mrs cameron , 43 , pointed to a glass of welsh black stout she had been handed , and said : ' i normally just drink this when i 'm pregnant ' . campaigning in cornwall , mr cameron told house magazine : ' definitely , we are not having another baby . ' their fourth child florence was born in the county in 2010 . david cameron and his wife samantha relax in downing street by watching channel four hit gogglebox , the pair have admitted . the prime minister said the popular show was ' a very clever programme ' . but samantha went further , reeling off her favourite characters filmed watching television . she said she ' loved ' scarlett moffat , the quick-witted northerner who become a cult figure over her sharp put downs caught on camera . mrs cameron said : ' i like the daughter in newcastle . she 's so funny , i love her , she 's hilarious . i really think she 's great . the siddiquis are good as well . ' after sympathising with the couple about sleepless nights he said : ' whenever i see a small baby i feel broody , but do n't worry , nothing is going to happen on that front . ' then on a visit to a brewery in cardiff yesterday , mrs cameron , 43 , pointed to a glass of welsh black stout she had been handed , and said : ' i normally just drink this when i 'm pregnant . ' the tory leader - who recently ruled out the couple having a fifth child - quickly interjected : ' that is not an announcement ! ' now they have moved to rule out categorically any idea that they might add to their brood . campaigning in cornwall , mr cameron told house magazine : ' definitely , we are not having another baby . ' mrs cameron agreed : ' we are definitely not . ' she then added : ' the doctors have said ' no way , jose ' . ' mr cameron chipped in : ' that 's another story , darling… but anyway . no , we are not having any more . the last one was born not ten miles from where we are now . ' mrs cameron gave birth to florence in the middle of a family holiday to cornwall in august 2010 . the prime minister drove with his wife to hospital for what they believed would be a routine check-up . but four hours later he was by her side when she gave birth by caesarean section to their 6lb 1oz ' unbelievably beautiful girl ' . it is believed mr cameron scrubbed up - wearing a gown and cap to reduce the chances of infection - for the delivery , which was three weeks early . the birth , at the royal cornwall hospital in truro , came a year after the death of the camerons ' six-year-old son ivan , who suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy . the couple also have a nine-year-old son elwen and 11-year-old daughter nancy .