inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris . considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes . situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess . the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights . the property may be difficult to find , tucked away behind an unmarked facade , and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning , but it 's worth the hunt . whether grabbing a drink in the lounge or hidden champagne bar or checking in to the one of the property 's extravagant suites , the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors , designed by jacques garcia , are not to be missed . there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments . but no matter which room you choose , all guests will see hermes bath products , plenty of silk draping and have the option to rent out the spa and swimming pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling . located steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy pigalle district . all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . it may be difficult to first spot the property , as the outside facade is understated and marked only by two red lanterns and a canopy . the five-star hotel is described as the point where culture and 'haute-couture ' meet and is meant to represent the luxe parisian lifestyle . the celestial spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ' stars ' and can be booked out for private use . the 20-room hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism , ' and the property 's butlers are on hand to assist guests with everything and anything they desire . if the library-inspired bar , simply called the bar , is n't doing it for you , the hotel is happy to make a reservation at any of pigalle 's most exclusive restaurants and clubs - most just a stone 's throw from the hotel . however , should you care to stay in , the bar 's signature cocktail , secrets of the unicorn , is a mulled wine-based beverage served in a smoked wood glass and peppered with chai spices . it 's also home to an afternoon tea service with options harvested specially from a chinese garden . of the hotel 's 20 rooms , 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites . at maison souquet , arbaian style meets napoleon iii in an eclectic collection of furniture and artwork that is both magical and enchanting . all of the rooms are meant to pay homage to the beauty of the courtesans for whom they are named . the 20-room hotel describes itself as a ' temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear . outside , the quiet conservatory is easily recognised by its glass canopy and wall covered with ivy and jasmine . but it 's the property 's celestial spa that may just be its most impressive . available to any guest who requests the key , the spa 's ceiling is decorated with golden stars that shimmer against a cobalt blue ' sky . ' the outdoor conservatory is recognised by its glass canopy , stone statues and calming wall covered with ivy and jasmine . all of the rooms are unique ' love nests , ' and two thousand metres of 120 different silks were selected when crafting the cocoons . the bar , which looks as though it 's really a 19th century library , is home to a luxe afternoon tea service and signature mulled wine cocktail . all of the luxurious bathrooms offer hermes bath products and perfume and all suites have both a bathtub and walk-in shower . no matter which level of room you choose , all offer 24-hour in-room dining and access to the hotel 's butlers to help you plan your stay . deluxe rooms start at €338 ( £244 ) per night and there are plenty of special offers currently available . the parisien romance offer is perfect for a couple looking to escape it all for an evening and includes personal use of the spa , complimentary cocktails and a late check-out . while the heavenly wellbeing package also includes private access to the spa 's swimming pool and hammam , the emphasis here is on tranquility and relaxation - great for a couple 's retreat or a girls ' weekend away .