an 11-year-old chinese schoolboy has become mute after he drank a glass of water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank . pupil xiao gao , from fujian province in south eastern china , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who had allegedly bullied him gave him the water , reports people 's daily online . but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage . pupil xiao gao , aged 11 , ( pictured ) from fujian in south east china , has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he ' does not get on with ' gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust . gao , who is in year two at haidu number 8 middle school , is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist . school officials told reporters that after gao lost his voice the classmate who gave him the water ' became very afraid ' and told teachers it was meant as a joke and that she did not think he would drink it . she said she only added perfume and chalk dust to the water - and not nail varnish as was rumoured . she said when gao drank the water his classmates told him to spit it out but by then he had already swallowed it . gao , who is a pupil at haidu number 8 middle school , ( pictured ) is now awaiting further medical examination . gao 's form teacher was informed of his condition and immediately notified his family before taking him to hospital . the unnamed girl has now been excluded from the school . a doctor at fujian provincial hospital told reporters that in all the years he has practised medicine he has never seen a case like this before . qiu bin gaosu said as perfume consists mainly of alcohol , perfume fragrance and methanol , consuming a small amount would not impact the body , although a large amount would irritate the throat and stomach . he said consuming small amounts of chalk dust , which is nontoxic , should also not have this sort of effect . xiao gao 's cousin told reporters that a number of doctors have seen gao and they found no physical abnormalities . gao claims the girl who gave him the water let him drink it and then said ' you will die after drinking this ' . relatives told reporters that gao 's mother was ill and his father worked at a vegetable market . they said the boy was well-behaved and doubted the condition was a hoax - particularly as he had been unable to speak for five days . his form teacher , mr lin , said gao was a little introverted , quiet and very honest and was often bullied by other children in his class . he said : ' whenever a teacher saw any bullying we would chastise the offender and teach them about why their behaviour was not acceptable . ' gao 's classroom - a doctor said that in all the years he has practised he has never seen a case like this before . through written messages gao told reporters that he was thirsty so he drank the water his classmate handed him - but after swallowing a couple of mouthfuls he realised something was n't right . he claims it was then the girl took away the water and said ' you will die after drinking this . ' gao told reporters that he did n't get along with the classmate who handed him the water . the story has gone viral in china and has been reported on all the main news websites . the people 's daily reported that the local public security bureau has started an investigation into the incident .