many thrill seekers have slipped into a cage to get up close and personal with a shark – now they can do the same with the king of the jungle , putting them just a paw swipe away from a lion - with nothing but cage bars between them . a new zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion 's den during feeding time , if they dare . orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . during ' the lion encounrter ' , the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal , sitting inside their lair to see every whisker , tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle if they choose . just trying to be friends ? a lion puts its paws up against the bars to try and become better acquainted with the visitors inside . orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . tucker time : the zoo keeper uses a flat palm to feed the feline , keeping it distracted with constant treats in the form of raw meat . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh ! on the prowl : the lion clambers on top of the cage and examines the scene from all angles - perhaps looking for another entry into the cage . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh ! park spokesman , nathan hawke , said : ' the lion encounter is a genuinely unique visitor experience . ' while people can see lions in numerous places , we think we can get you as close as you would safely want to get to view these magnificent animals . feeling excluded : a lion vocalises its annoyance that it is not allowed to hang out inside the cage with everybody else . cuddly : father-of-two ekant veer took part in the lion encounter and the lion looked so soft he felt the surprise urge to reach out and pat him . king of the jungle : in the video , the inquisitive felines climb on top of the moving cage to stare straight at the human inhabitants , while the minders keep them content with snacks . ekant veer , a the 35-year-old associate professor at the university of canterbury , new zealand , filmed the lions at orana wildlife park from his incredible vantage point in the cage . in his video , the inquisitive felines climb on top of the moving cage to stare straight at the human inhabitants , while the minders keep them content with snacks . ekant said instead of feeling scared , he was surprised by his gut instinct when facing off with the kings of the jungle . kisses : it looks like butter would melt in his mouth as the feline pokes his tongues through the mesh , as if to try and lick the inhabitants . many thrill seekers have slipped into a cage to get up close and personal with a shark – now they can do the same with the king of the jungle , putting them just a paw swipe away from a lion - with nothing but cage bars between them . a new zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the lion 's den during feeding time , if they dare . ' i was fascinated - some people were worried but i really wanted to reach out and pat them . ' some of the lions were huge but they all seemed very calm . there were a couple of times when they would roar and it just sent vibrations right through you , which was scary but also really cool . ' he described it as an ' intimate ' experience , as you are ' more open and exposed ' to the lions than ever . look , no hands ! a lion is incredibly close in the video as it devours a treat - showing off its long claws and sharp teeth . i surrender ! the lion tries everything to try and lure the humans out of the cage to explore the depths of the lion 's dens . ' i prefer these up-close experiences to more controlled ones . it 's more unpredictable and different every time , especially when dealing with animals . orana wildlife park is new zealand 's only open range zoo . set on 80 hectares of park-like grounds , the animals enclosures are expansive and developed to imitate their natural habitat as closely as possible . ' i prefer these up-close experiences to more controlled ones . it 's more unpredictable and different every time , especially when dealing with animals . new zealand has more than its share of thrill-seeking activities , ranging from bungee jumping , white water rafting , speed boat rides and beautiful sky dives . however , for ekant this topped his list of adrenaline-inducing activities – and lunch with a lion will only cost $ 40 . ' i would definitely encourage others to do this . if you 're coming to new zealand it 's definitely one of the crazier things we do . ' say cheese ! in the cage spectators are so close they can see every whisker , tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle . 