max maisel ( above ) went missing on february 21 , after his car was found abandoned on the shore of lake ontario in new york . police have now discovered his body . police have found the body of senior espn writer ivan maisel 's son , two months after his car was found abandoned . max maisel went missing on february 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near lake ontario , new york . the 21-year-old 's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday , the rochester democrat and chronicle reported . the family , from fairfield , connecticut , have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 . they described max , a third-year photography student at the rochester institute of technology ( rit ) , as ' very comfortable ' there . they released a statement after they heard his body had been found . it read : ' we knew this day would come , and we are relieved that it has . ' but it is merely the postscript to our sad story . ' we have mourned max from the night that the rochester police called to tell us he was missing . ' there was no other plausible solution to the puzzle he left behind . now we must get on with living with this hole in our lives . ' max was last seen by a member of the public at charlotte pier . when he did not return to his car , a bronze 2004 acura suv , the passerby called the police . since he went missing , his family have said he loved the destination , had a sweet tooth , loved anime , japanese comics and short animation . in a eulogy seen by the democrat and chronicle , paid tribute his son . it read : ' death can not take away the love we continue to have for our son and the love that our daughters have for their brother . the 21-year-old is the son of senior espn writer ivan maisel ( right speaking in february ) thanked the rochester community in a statement and paid tribute to the ' sensitive , caring young man ' . the family ( above in february ) admitted they were relieved his body had been found and had mourned their son since the day he was reported missing . ' death will not rob us of that . we have our memories of a sweet boy who grew into a sensitive , caring young man . we have his photography , a record of the talent he had just begun to develop . ' we have the care and concern of family and friends in our home of fairfield , ct , and across the country . ' here again , we must say thanks to the people of rochester and monroe county , who took our devastating news and made it their own . whatever gratitude we express here is wholly inadequate . ' and we have said how desperately we miss him . that will not go away . ' rit released a statement on monday which said : ' our deepest sympathies and condolences go out to max 's family and friends . we take comfort that there is now some closure for them and they will be able to bring max home . ' the police and coroner have yet to release a cause of death . his parents made the 370-mile drive from fairfield , connecticut , to help police with the search when he went missing . they have a vacation home in the area ( scene pictured in february ) . rochester police and the coroner have not released a cause of death .