alan rogers , who admitted manslaughter after smashing the skull of neighbour fred hatch after wrongly believing he was involved in witchcraft . a crazed pensioner killed his navy veteran neighbour with a claw hammer as he wrongly believed he was involved in witchcraft , a court heard today . alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex near cardiff . mr hatch 's worried wife enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden . she then discovered rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press a panic alarm . today at cardiff crown court , rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today . the court heard how after attacking his neighbour , rogers then calmly called the police and told them : ' i have just killed one of my neighbours and i have hit his head with a hammer . ' police and paramedics raced to the sheltered housing complex in dinas powys but they were unable to save mr hatch , who died in hospital . as rogers was handcuffed by police officers , he told them : ' i have been waiting a long time to kill that man . ' police then interviewing rogers suspected he may have been suffering mental health problems when he started making strange statements about why he killed his neighbour . prosecutor mike jones said rogers told police he had killed fred because he was involved in modern ' witchcraft ' . mr jones explained : ' he told police he had a moral duty to himself to kill this person as these people were using modern technology the equivalent of witchcraft to harm defenceless sentient beings . ' he said fred had been in collusion with what he described as `` the man and his colleagues '' . ' the court was told the morning of october 8 last year began with mr hatch walking to the communal garden to spread grass seeds . rogers told police he had ' been waiting for an opportunity to get this person ' and when he saw mr hatch walking back from the garden he ' opened his door and attacked . ' rogers then hit him at least six times with the claw end of a hammer - spraying blood up the walls and across the floor . mr hatch , pictured with his wife enid , who discovered rogers standing over the blood stained body of her husband in their communal garden . the court was told the victim had such catastrophic injuries to his forehead his skull , his brain was visible . rogers was later diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia but had no previous criminal record or episodes of violence before the killing . mrs hatch said they had never had any previous problems with rogers , and described him as ' articulate but unkempt ' . she said her husband of 50 years was ' the love of my life ' and someone who was ' very easygoing and never had any problems with people . ' a police officer stands outside the sheltered housing complex in cardiff , where both rogers and mr and mrs hatch lived . rogers attacked mr hatch outside in the gardens of the sheltered housing complex after going out to spread grass seeds . the court heard the couple met serving in the royal navy and ' fell in love quite instantly ' and married within six months of meeting . they had four children together and spent their retirement travelling the world . they were planning their next trip to america when he was brutally killed . vincent coughlin , defending , said the killing was ' an appalling unprovoked attack ' and rogers was ' conscious of the pain he has caused . ' mr hatch 's death came four decades after mrs hatch’s sister betty elston was found murdered on the beach at sully in the vale of glamorgan in july 1971 .