it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive harvey weinstein of groping her , and wednesday night he and his wife were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident . weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway production finding neverland in new york city . the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp . the couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well , attending finding neverland rehearsals , celebrating easter together with their children , and at a party for georgina’s birthday earlier in the week . scroll down for video . harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman ( above ) turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday . composer gary barlow , actor matthew morrison , weinstein , actress laura michelle kelly and actor kelsey grammer at the premiere . the happy couple were joined by stars including helen mirren , bryan cranston , ansel elgort , darren criss , olivia wilde and christoph waltz for the opening night of the play , which received disastrous reviews from critics . new york magazine called the show ' badly written ' and ' frustrating , ' while the new york times said the production is ' largely made up of empty calories . ' ambra battilana ( above ) claimed weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt during a meeting at his office in march . earlier this week chapman shared a photo of the birthday flowers ( above ) weinstein sent her . and while weinstein may not be thrilled with these reviews , he is not doubt happy with the news that he will not be facing criminal charges for last month 's groping incident . district attorney spokeswoman joan vollero said last friday : ' this case was taken seriously from the outset , with a thorough investigation conducted by our sex crimes unit . ' after analyzing the available evidence , including multiple interviews with both parties , a criminal charge is not supported . ' ambra battilana claimed weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt during a meeting at his office in march . olivia wilde ( left ) and georgina chapman ( right ) attend the opening night performance of finding neverland on broadway at the lunt-fontanne theatre on wednesday night in new york city . the model , 22 , also claimed weinstein asked if her boobs were real . weinstein reportedly cooperated with police throughout their investigation . the perfectly polished chapman , 38 , and notoriously brash weinstein , 63 , began dating in late 2004 and were married three years later at their connecticut estate . the wedding , in which the british beauty wore one of her own marchesa designs , was packed with celebrities , including cameron diaz , renee zellweger , naomi watts , marc anthony and jennifer lopez and vogue editrix anna wintour , to name just a few . they welcomed daughter india in 2010 and son dashiell three years later . weinstein and chapman were last photographed together at this year 's academy awards ( above ) .