if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom . from red walls to bright white lightbulbs and clutter under the bed , there are many things you may never have considered that are preventing you from getting a good night 's rest . a new infographic from london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room . sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out . if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom . sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber . you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack . read on for a detailed breakdown of your step-by-step guide to perfect bedtime feng shui . furniture arrangements . ninety-one per cent of britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep . though we often do n't realise , our surroundings affect us in powerful ways . so arrange your bedroom to comfort your body and relax your mind . according to made.com 's tips below : 1 . install a ceiling fan . the ideal temperature for sleep is 18-21c . 2 . open a window just a crack to let air circulate . 3 . add blinds and thick , dark curtains to keep the light out . 4 . plush rugs and cushions muffle noise . 5 . create symmetry matching pairs . 6 . add plants , art or photos of nature and natural materials . 7 . eliminate clutter by investing in cabinets , drawers and storage . 8 . ditch the tv . fill your space with something beautiful . we spend nearly a third of our lives sleeping . yet many people do n't realise just how sensitive our bodies are during these vital hours of rest . the space we sleep in has a huge effect on the quantity and quality of our sleep - and therefore the quality of our waking lives . after all , when we 're not properly rested , our brainpower , digestion , reflexes and much more suffers . better interior design really can help you get a better night 's sleep . sleep experts say ... lighting the path to rest . our bodies have evolved to respond to ambient light . warm hued rays from the setting sun signal that it 's time to sleep , while blue daylight releases hormones to make us alert . now that we live much of our lives under artificial light , we must mirror these natural light spectrums to keep our circadian rhythms in harmony . according to the infographic , try shutting off computers , tvs and smartphones before going to bed . make sure your bedroom is in complete darkness , and us low-wattage bulbs after sundown . avoid blue lights and use lamps with warm yellow , gold or reddish light . the psychology of colour . just as bright red signals danger in nature , all colours have an impact on our psychology . so paint and decorate your bedroom in soothing hues for better sleep and deeper relaxation . blues , greens and greys are said to reduce heart rate , lower blood pressure , and promote better sleep . but reds , yellows and oranges increase heart rate and blood pressure so discourage relaxation . pillows and mattresses : better bedding . from the way it feels on your skin to the way it traps allergens to the way it aligns our spines , bedding has a tremendous impact on sleep . if you 're a side sleeper , use a firm pillow to get a good night 's rest . but , if you like to lie on your back , a medium-firm pillow will promote the best quality shut-eye - for those snoozing on their fronts , a soft pillow is recommended . according to the infographic , the average person move 40-60 times during the night - and so it 's recommended to change a mattress every seven to eight years .