a shetland pony has been battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack , devastating the toddler who played with her every day . charlene bishop , who is 17 months old , went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday and was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal . her mother danielle flisher went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries . sickening : taffee the shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack . the left side of taffee 's ( left ) skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered outs of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . the left side of the pony 's skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . the five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in boxley , near gillingham , kent , had no option but to put the distressed pony down . police believe taffee was battered round the head with a breeze block sometime between 11pm on tuesday night and 9am on wednesday morning . charlene , who had only owned 22in taffee for three months , visited her every day to groom and feed her and rode her every weekend . ms flisher , 19 , said : ' i do n't understand how anybody could be so sick . ' taffee was a tiny pony . the vet said she was hit over and over again and it looks like by was more than one person . ' it seems they held her head collar while they beat her . taffee was crying blood from the damage they did to her skull . vile : the shetland was found lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries after the brutal attack . ' we got taffee for charlene when she was diagnosed with epilepsy . she ca n't do the same things as everyone else , but she loved spending time with me at the yard and had taffee to keep her happy . ' they were n't together long but they were amazing . charlene would climb all over her and taffee would n't mind . ' charlene would even sometimes tell taffee off and the pony would go and stand in the corner of the stable like a naughty child . ' she 's lost her best friend and she 's devastated . ' taffee had a foal , 10-month-old biscuit , who the family are now in the process of finding a surrogate mother for . charlene , who is 17 months old , was bought the pony to help deal with her epilepsy and has lost her ' best friend ' , her mother said . ms flisher , a mother-of-two , added : ' i ca n't believe there are people out there who would do this to a tiny , defenceless pony . ' they would have seen she belonged to a child , she even had a frozen rug on . ' charlene does n't understand death . she saw that taffee was bleeding but when she woke up this morning she just assumed she was better and asked to go and feed her . it 's heartbreaking , we do n't know what to do . ' kent police and the rspca are investigating the attack . three other horses in the same field were shaved in places in the overnight attack and another had a small wound to its head . the family have offered a £1,000 reward for anybody who can reveal those behind the attack . an rspca spokeswoman said : ' this sounds like an incredibly upsetting incident . ' we would urge anyone with any information to contact either the police or ourselves on 0300 123 8018 . '