terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul . it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . the images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum , under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols . terrorist group isis has released photographs of its militants destroying christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the iraqi city of mosul . it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased . the statement stems from a collection of islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many muslims reject . steven stalinsky , executive director of the middle east media research institute ( memri ) , told foxnews.com that by posting the images on social media , the group was sending a message to the west . he said : ' it is important to note that isis is documenting its destruction and desecration of christian sites and its attacks on christian communities , and on other minorities ' sites and communities , and is disseminating these images worldwide via social media . the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to allah than the living , so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased . christians have suffered considerably at the hands of isis , with many in iraq and syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-muslims . one expert said that isis released the video to mock the west , to show that it is powerless to stop the group doing whatever it wants . ' by doing this , isis is not only showcasing what it is doing , but is also mocking the west by demonstrating that it is doing so freely , with no one trying to stop it . ' christians have suffered considerably at the hands of isis , with many in iraq and syria forced by the militants to choose between leaving their homes , facing death or paying a traditional tax on non-muslims . earlier this year isis released a video showing militants beheading 21 egyptian coptic christians in libya and yazidis have told of fighters abducting hundreds of girls and women and subjecting them to rapes and beatings . isis ' attack on iraq 's heritage , meanwhile , recently saw nimrud , once the jewel of assyria and home to a treasure considered one of the 20th century 's main archaeological finds , destroyed by explosives and men armed with power tools . the un 's cultural agency condemned the act on monday . ' i condemn this mad , destructive act that accentuates the horror of the situation , ' unesco head irina bokova said in a statement . the islamic state group on saturday circulated an undated video showing militants equipped with sledgehammers and power tools breaking artefacts before rigging the site with large barrels of powder . the subsequent footage shows a massive explosion and its aftermath , suggesting the ruins of nimrud - which lie on the tigris about 30 kilometres ( 18 miles ) southeast of is-held mosul - were largely levelled . nimrud , founded in the 13th century bc , is one of the most famous archaeological sites in a country often described as the cradle of civilisation . ' with their hammers and explosives they are also obliterating the site itself , clearly determined to wipe out all traces of the history of iraq 's people , ' bokova said . 