lewis hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the formula one season , taking his brother nicolas out for a spin out in la . the two-time formula one world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish shelby cobra . the pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of la 's busiest freeways . nicolas hamilton takes a selfie with his brother lewis whilst the pair take a ride in the la sunshine . nicolas posted to his facebook page : ' all in red today for my last day in la , chillin & relaxing ahead of an exciting year ! ‪ # ‎btcc‬ ' . the 23-year-old younger half-brother of lewis , who suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy , posted the first image above image on his facebook page , with the caption : ' had a great day today cruising with my bro in la . heading back to the uk now for my # btcc preparations . ' nicolas , who raced in the renault clio cup in 2011 and 2012 , will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at croft circuit in june . it is exciting times in the hamilton household , and nicolas ' elder brother lewis , who has already achieved a first-place podium finish in australia , china and bahrain this year , was keen to share the moment of brotherly romance on his instagram account . accompanying the first picture below , he wrote : ' cruising around with my bro in my 1966 all original 427 shelby cobra , after a great weekend in la ! heading to santa monica ! # hambros # sunnycalifornia # teamlh @ nicolashamilton . ' the hamilton brothers enjoy some down time on one of la 's freeways ahead of a busy schedule of racing . another post on hamilton 's instagram reads : ' no days off ! # hardwork # teamlh # trainhard # nevergiveup ' . boy racers lewis and nicolas hamilton ( right ) in the mercedes garage .