a baby sitter accused of fatally shaking a 14-month-old baby in her care has been convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder . michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 . but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . however she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster . when the verdict was read out , the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again : ' i did n't do it . ' she then turned to her husband and , according to the asbury park press , told him to make sure her five-year-old twins do not forget her . scroll down for video . michelle heale ( pictured left in court on friday ) of tom 's river , new jersey , has been found guilty of killing mason hess ( right ) by snapping his neck after shaking him . during her testimony , she broke down as she reenacted what happened in court using a doll . heale was babysitting mason as she was a friend of the family ( mason 's mother kellie above ) and her husband michael and mason 's father adam worked together as detectives . she was then placed in handcuffs and taken into custody to await her sentence next month . heale testified that the toddler went limp after she hit him between his shoulder blades to save him . the boy was flown to a hospital and died three days later . doctors later determined the boy suffered severe brain , spine and retinal damage from a violent shaking . but jurors heard conflicting medical testimony . during ' i hit him hard on the back . i may have hit him harder than i should have , ' heale said through tears after demonstrating on the doll . ' i hit him about four or five times , and then i felt the applesauce come out . i felt it on my shoulder and i felt it on my shirt . ' thinking the crisis had been averted , she took mason of her shoulder . ' as i brought him down , his head snapped back ... he was completely limp , ' she said . ' his eyes were open , but he was n't doing anything . ... everything was flopping . ' mason died on september 1 after being airlifted to children 's hospital of philadelphia . courtesy of asbury park press/app.com . medical examiners determined that mason ( above with his parents kellie and adam ) died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma . the heale and hess families , including mason 's mother kellie , had been friends for years . heale spent most of her day expressing her disbelief over the situation , first being told she had to leave mason at the hospital as she was suspected of hurting him and then being charged with murder . ' i thought they were going to take my kids from me because i was told that i had hurt mason , ' heale said . ' i thought that once they were made aware that i had my own kids that they were going to take them from me . ' heale , was able to keep custody of her children . she told the jury at the end of her testimony : ' i would never hurt mason or anybody . '