arsenal moved further clear of the two manchester clubs in second place , and kept the pressure up on leaders chelsea , as they held on to beat a spirited burnley at turf moor . arsene wenger 's side were far from their best , but aaron ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and burnley , for all their endeavour , did n't create too many clear-cut chances . here 's how sportsmail rated each player ... burnley . tom heaton : saved well from ozil in the build-up to arsenal’s goal but was unfortunate his defenders could not clear . 7 . kieran trippier : forced ospina into a good save with a curling free-kick and delivered well from corners . 6 . jason shackell : at fault for arsenal’s opener as his sloppy pass gave possession away cheaply . 5.5 . michael duff : the 37-year-old did a good job of keeping giroud under wraps and provided a threat from corners . 6.5 . ben mee : made a superb block to deny ramsey a second after a brilliant lobbed pass from ozil . 7 . ben mee was booked in the first half for a blatant block on aaron ramsey , but responded well . michael duff goes up to challenge arsenal 's in-form striker olivier giroud during the hard-fought encounter . george boyd : full of running as ever but failed to trouble arsenal when in possession of the ball . 6 . scott arfield : another full of industry and almost provided an assist for ings with a clever lob . 6 . david jones : brought calmness and quality to burnley’s midfield but could not find a killer pass . 6.5 . ashley barnes : wide left is not his favoured position but put bellerin under pressure with and intense work ethic . 6 . danny ings : starved action but went close with an acrobatic effort from arfield’s chip into the box . 6 . sam vokes : saw an early chance go begging when he fired at ospina from close range . 6 . subs : taylor ( for david jones ) 90 . george boyd , who missed a great chance for burnley on the half-volley , tackles francis coquelin . scott arfield tries to get to grips with mesut ozil as burnley worked exceptionally hard against arsenal . arsenal . david ospina : was perhaps busier than he might have expected and had to make decent saves to deny vokes and trippier . 7 . hector bellerin : faded after a bright start . pinned back by barnes’ aggressive closing down . nutmegged by mee . 6 . laurent koscielny : kept a close eye on danny ings and restricted the burnley top-scorer to just one chance . 7 . per mertesacker : given a good , physical battle by vokes and just about came out on top . 7 . hector bellerin is chopped down by ashley barnes as burnley targeted the young spanish full back . laurent koscielny suffered a few difficult moments as arsenal sought to continue their excellent form . nacho monreal : made a vital interception and clearance to thwart a chance for ings . 6 . francis coquelin : has developed into a key member of arsenal’s midfield and did another fine job as the anchor man.7.5 . mesut ozil : less effective than he was against liverpool , with only flashes of brilliance . 6 . aaron ramsey : applied the finishing touch after a goalmouth scramble to get the gunners noses in front . 6.5 . aaron ramsey fires home to put arsenal ahead despite several burnley defenders ' best efforts . santi cazorla : left his shooting boots in north london . the spaniard whipped a free-kick narrowly wide and sent an ambitious left-foot volley over the bar . 6 . alexis sanchez : saw plenty of the ball in the wide left channel but burnley coped well to nullify the chilean’s threat . 6 . olivier giroud : marked out of the game by burnley’s centre-backs and hardly had a kick before being replaced . 5 . subs : welbeck for giroud ( 81 ) , chambers for sanchez ( 90 ) . referee : mike dean 6.5 . alexis sanchez appeals for a free kick in a game where burnley 's tough tackling caused him some problems . olivier giroud holds the ball up , but could n't add to his six-game goalscoring run at turf moor .