cycling anywhere with a toddler in tow means having to leave the buggy at home . and any parent who has tried this will know how tiring it can be when you then have to carry your child around once you arrive at your destination . a swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller . påhoj ( pictured ) was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz . it has a ' lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2ft ( 1 metre ) tall . the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known . called påhoj , it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . a child , up to a height of 3.2ft ( 1 metres ) , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . the concept was created by swedish designer lycke von schantz and a prototype has been safety tested . it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . a child , up to a height of 3.2ft ( 1 metres ) , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . påhoj clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . a child , up to a height of 3.2ft ( 1 metres ) , is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position . the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy . designer lycke mr von schantz plans to launch a kickstarter campaign on 9 april , and if successful , the models could be available before the end of the year . ' an ordinary bicycle with a bike seat attached is a fantastic way to get around with your child , ' explained påhoj - which is swedish for ' on bike . ' ' but what options do you have when you have arrived at your destination , parked your bike and need to walk around ? ' as of today there is a simple solution to this problem : påhoj - a child bike seat and stroller in one ' . ' using påhoj you can be flexible in what way you want to get around . ' whether you choose to bicycle or not you can always be sure you can easily bring your child . mr von schantz plans to launch a kickstarter campaign on 9 april , and if successful , the models could be available before the end of the year . however , prices and an exact release date have not yet been announced . designs show the buggy measuring 1.6ft ( 0.5 metres ) wide and 1.8ft ( 0.54 metres ) deep . the firm 's website describes påhoj as being ' lightweight ' but did not provide any further weight information . promotional images also show it in black , red ( pictured left ) , yellow and blue ( pictured blue ) . designs show the concept stroller measuring 1.6ft ( 0.5 metres ) wide and 1.8ft ( 0.54 metres ) deep . by comparison , an average buggy measures 4ft ( 1.2 metres ) tall . the firm 's website describes påhoj as being ' lightweight ' but did not provide any further weight information . promotional images also show it in black , red , yellow and blue .  