a british university student has been ordered out of russia amid claims she is a spy . history postgraduate laura sumner , 24 , was given ten days to leave the country after being fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation . but russian media reports have branded her ‘ agent sumner’ and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . laura mary sumner , pictured , has been ordered to leave russia within ten days after being branded a ' spy ' . a pro-kremlin website claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in russia by british historian , professor sarah badcock . the report claimed the nottingham university academic’s work was ‘ important for the plans of the west to create a “ colour revolution” in russia’ . the term describes the overthrow of governments in former soviet states , such as the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine . professor badcock , 40 , is supervising miss sumner’s phd thesis on early soviet russia but there has been no suggestion outside russian media that either woman is involved in espionage or plans to foment revolution . russian authorities accused her of conducting research in the country without the appropriate visa . ms sumner , left , was researching soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her phd under professor sarah badcock of nottingham university , right , who is acknowledged as one of britain 's leading russian experts . questions have been raised over whether miss sumner has fallen victim to a tit-for-tat punishment by russia . it came on the day that it emerged britain had granted political asylum to a wealthy supporter of a prominent russian opposition leader called vladimir ashurkov , who has been accused of embezzlement . and diplomatic relations have remained tense following britain’s decision to launch a public inquiry into the poisoning of kremlin critic alexander litvinenko in london . action was taken against miss sumner by the federal migration service but sources claimed officers from the fsb , the successor to the feared kgb , were in the courtroom . federal judge ilya varlamov , pictured , ordered that ms sumner must leave the country within 10 days . ms sumner , left , appeared in court along with an interpreter , right , and was ordered to pay a £23.50 fine . a migration service spokesman said the hearing on wednesday april 1 in the city of nizhny novgorod was ‘ not an april fool joke’ . nottingham university said miss sumner appeared to have fallen foul of a ‘ minor infringement in visa regulations’ but did not respond to the spying claims . she has been offered consular support by the british embassy . miss sumner , from solihull , describes herself as a feminist and dog lover on twitter , and has been working on her thesis for more than a year . she has been to moscow and nizhny novgorod at least twice to carry out research . she was unavailable for comment and her twitter account had been deleted yesterday . professor badcock was also unavailable and was said to be on holiday with her family .