fort hood victims are set to receive purple heart medals today - amid claims they are being denied crucial financial support . army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘ workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism - because it was inspired by a foreign terrorist group . scroll down for video . victim : staff sergeant shawn manning was shot six times during the fort hood attack - but claims he is being denied vital financial support . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘ workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts - awarded in the name of the president to those wounded or killed , while serving . but one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty , fox news reported . staff sergeant shawn manning , who was shot six times with two bullets still in his body , told fox news : ‘ i think it 's almost unheard of for someone to receive the purple heart but not have their injuries deemed combat-related . honor : fort hood victims are set to receive purple heart medals today . ‘ i know that was not what congress intended to have happen , but it is what currently the army has determined is going to happen . ’ manning , who says he suffers from post traumatic stress disorder , applied to the army in the hope his injuries would be recognised as having been sustained in the line of duty – but this was rejected by a physical evaluation board . a letter he received said that the 2015 national defense authorization act did not offer combat benefits ‘ for service members permanently disabled in attacks inspired or motivated by foreign terrorist organizations . ’ he says the decision means his family will miss out on $ 800 a month in benefits – as well as back pay – and fears other survivors of the shooting rampage will be in a similar position . an army spokeswoman told fox news that purple heart medal recipients would receive benefits ‘ to which they are legally entitled’ under the terms of the national defense authorization act 2015 . she added : ‘ in the case at issue , no final decision has been rendered , and the soldier will have a full opportunity to present evidence at a formal hearing . ’ it is now known that prior to the attack , hasan had exchanged emails with anwar al-awlaki , an al-qaeda spokesman . army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . hasan ( pictured ) was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings , and he recommended the death penalty . al-awlaki praised hasan 's actions after the shooting , writing ; ' nidal hassan is a hero . ' he is a man of conscience who could not bear living the contradiction of being a muslim and serving in an army that is fighting against his own people . ... the u.s. is leading the war against terrorism which in reality is a war against islam . ' hasan was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings , and he recommended the death penalty .