he is the prince of derring-do , flying in an apache helicopter in afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the south pole . now prince harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure – a stomach-churning flight in a spitfire . buckingham palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in australia tomorrow , where he will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force . scroll down for video . flying in formation : prince harry , pictured in the back of the foreground aircraft , took to the skies after meeting with armed forces veterans . thrilling : footage released today shows prince harry howling with excitement as the spitfire performs a loop over the english cennel . he will also visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier , both in canberra . harry , who is leaving the army in june , relished his adrenaline-charged 250mph spitfire ride from goodwood to the isle of wight . the flight – which included two spitfires – was staged to support the royal foundation’s endeavour fund and a new spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen . the brief journey included a ‘ half cuban’ manoeuvre – a semi loop in mid-air – after which harry can be heard to shout : ‘i’d love to see what my face looked like doing that . ’ breathtaking : prince harry , seated in the back of the cockpit , soars past the british coastline in a spitfire during a sortie last august . crew : prince harry , seated , second from right , with chris hadlow , seated left , steve boultbee brooks , second from left , and phil o'dell , right . the royal met with corporal alan robinson , standing left , and nathan forster , standing right , who won scholarship places . flight instructor phil o’dell , who was with the prince during his training session , said the 30-minute journey had been ‘amazing’ . ‘ the aircraft has dual control and harry flew it briefly . he was remarkably down-to-earth , very likeable and i could tell he’s a competent pilot . ’ a spokesman for boultbee flight academy added : ‘it’s a hard aircraft to fly . ’ praising mr o’dell , harry said : ‘ my first landing in a spitfire – it was quite good ! ’ this spitfire is the same aircraft that will fly the lucky winner of the mail on sunday competition on a 20- to 30-minute flight over the english channel – worth £2,750 – later this year . two thumbs up : the former apache helicopter commander looked relaxed as he took part in the sortie alongside instructor phil o'dell . success : touching down after the flight , the royal gives a thumbs up and smiles out the window as he says the landing felt ' quite good ' . handing over control : the prince enjoyed flying the plane before instructor phil o'dell took charge and guided the plane into a loop . support : the veterans ' scholarship was supported endeavour fund , which harry set up alongside his the duke and duchess of cambridge . success : touching down after the flight , the royal gives a thumbs up and smiles out the window as he says the landing felt ' quite good ' . thrilling : footage released today shows the 30-year-old royal howling with excitement as the fighter plane is guided into a loop . a rare cigarette case that once belonged to the designer of the spitfire fighter aircraft has been anonymously returned to the museum it was stolen from last month . the valuable artefact was posted back to solent sky museum in southampton , hampshire , in a jiffy bag with the address scribbled on with tip-ex . the museum was burgled on march 8 and the case , which belonged to reginald joseph mitchell , was amongst the items stolen . his ' rjm ' initials are engraved on the outer case and it was donated to the museum by pilot jeffrey quill , one of the foremost spitfire test pilots and a close friend of mitchell 's . returned : the cigarette case , engraved with the initials of spitfire designer reginald joseph mitchell , was sent back in a jiffy bag .