a 14-year-old cheerleader has died after plunging 60 feet during a rappelling trip with her family over easter weekend . millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40pm on saturday . the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday . tragic : millie elia , an eighth-grade student from alabama , died on saturday after a rappelling accident . in oak mountain on monday , her classmates and teachers mourned the teen , who was part of the advanced symphonic band , the national junior honor society and the science club . students wore blue to class in memory of millie , decorated her locker with notes and photographs , and paid tribute to her on social media . ' such a beautiful girl , ' a fellow cheerleader wrote on twitter as she shared images of millie . ' such a sad loss . please send lots of love and prayers to the elia 's . we love you , millie . ' she added that prayers needed to go out to millie 's best friend because she had also been at the scene of the accident . ' wish you were gon na be out there cheering with us , ' she added . ' we 'll be cheering for you girl . you 're awesome , mill ! fly high ! ' principal larry haynes called her a ' very involved and well-liked student ' , wvtm reported . he emailed parents last night to tell them about the tragedy . scene : the teenager fell around 60 feet while rappelling in mount cheaha state park , pictured . family : she is pictured with her mother angie , left and right . in the image , right , they were taking part in a fundraising walk for cancer care , and she wrote : ' i love you mom ! stay strong ! ' counselors from the school and surrounding schools were at oak mountain middle school for students and teachers on monday . ' the students are making cards and passing out ribbons that were made in millie 's honor yesterday by a group of students and parents who gathered at veterans park , ' haynes said . outside of school , she was an active member of meadowbrook baptist youth group and shared snaps of her laughing and posing with friends to her instagram page . in one photo from six months ago , she posed with her mother , angie elia , a pediatric nurse practitioner , as they took part in a fundraising walk for cancer care . ' i love you mom ! ' she wrote in the caption . ' stay strong ! ' 