do you have white spots on your nails or bleeding gums ? pimples on your arms or a dodgy stomach ? these are in fact signs your body is under stress , a nutritionist has warned . charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways . these seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed , warns nutritionist charlotte watts . below , she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one . writing for the healthista website , she said : ' periods of stress use up nutrients more quickly . ' this is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a higher and faster rate . ' as a result , some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress . here , in an extract from her new book - the de-stress effect : rebalance your body’s systems for vibrant health and happiness - she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients ... cracks at the side of the mouth . what’s causing it ? need for vitamin b6 . those unpleasant little sore fissures we can get at the corners of the lips are a sure sign that b vitamin status is low and particularly b6 . b vitamins are important for the health of the nervous system and are needed to get energy from the carbohydrates , fats and proteins that we eat , so we use them up during the energy-rich stress response . cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin b6 . important for the nervous system , b6 is involved in the production of the neurotransmitters ( brain chemicals ) serotonin and dopamine that regulate mood and motivation and also melatonin , that governs sleep , so we also see these suffer when stress is prolonged . we have a higher need for b6 with during contraceptive/hrt and antidepressant medication use . food sources : carrots , chicken , eggs , fish , meat , peas , spinach , sunflower seeds , walnuts , avocados , bananas , beans , broccoli , brown rice , whole grains , cabbage , corn and potatoes . jaw grinding . what’s causing it ? need for vitamin b5 . another b vitamin , b5 is often referred to as the anti-stress vitamin , as it helps with the production of adrenal hormones , cholesterol and immune antibodies , all of which have a higher turnover during the stress response . note here that this cholesterol production is not all ‘bad’ , we need it to produce new cells and the steroid hormones like cortisol and dhea that are part of the stress response . long-term stress often shows up as jaw clamping and teeth grinding , partly as tensing muscles around the face increases brain alertness , which the body senses it needs to deal with danger , but it is also associated with lowered levels of b5 . this vitamin is also needed for production of the memory neurotransmitter acetylcholine , which also calms us down after stress has past . lowered levels mean difficulty self-soothing after stress has passed and the memory issues we see with chronic stress . taking b vitamins together in supplement form ( eg . in a b complex or a multivitamin ) is advised as they all work together for energy production and nervous system health . food sources : beef , eggs , fresh vegetables , kidney , legumes , liver , mushrooms , nuts , saltwater fish , whole rye flour . sunflower seeds are a good source of zinc . zinc is easily used up by stress , and a stressful period can often be charted from where white spots grow on the fingernails . white spots on nails . what’s causing it ? need for zinc . although white spots on the nails are often assumed to be a calcium deficiency , it is actually another mineral loss they are indicating . the mineral zinc is very important for many of the enzyme systems in the body , for immunity and for the production of hormones , including insulin and sex hormones . it is the most abundantly used mineral in the body and allows energy production , but also all healing and replication ( like fertility and sexual health ) rely on good levels . alternating constipation and diarrhoea is a sign of a magnesium deficiency . it is easily used up by stress and we can often chart a stressful period from where white spots appear grown from the nail bed . zinc in plant foods is less bioavailable that in animal foods because it binds to phytate ( a fibre ) that makes it difficult to absorb , so vegetarians may want to consider a supplement of about 15-20mg a day . food sources : fish , meat , sunflower seeds , pumpkin seeds , pine nuts , nuts , oysters and other shellfish , crab , rye flour , cheddar cheese . alternating constipation and diarrhoea . what’s causing it ? need for magnesium . magnesium is an essential mineral with about 70 per cent in the bones and the remaining 30 per cent in the soft tissues and body fluids . we use up massive amounts in the stress response and when we eat sugar . our ability to calm muscles and brain after stress rely on this ‘ calming mineral’ and you can see a vicious cycle can be set up when stress depletes it and our coping capacity is diminished . low levels are associated with classic stress-related symptoms like anxiety , irritability , insomnia , depression and muscle pains . as the muscles of the digestive tract also rely on magnesium for calming and we feel stress keenly in the enteric nervous system in the gut , low levels often manifest there as difficulty regulated digestive muscle function and we can tend to constipation ( seizure ) or diarrhoea ( spasm ) . often these can alternate as the body struggles to find ‘normal’ . plenty of food sources and perhaps a supplement of 300-500mg magnesium citrate a day may help . food sources : buckwheat , nuts , soybeans , dark green vegetables , carrots , peas , sweet potato , sunflower and sesame seeds , lentils , avocado , cauliflower , fish , meat . bleeding gums . what’s causing it ? need for vitamin c . vitamin c is an antioxidant and needed for at least 300 metabolic functions in the body . it aids in the production of anti-stress hormones , interferon ( immune-system protein ) and is needed for the production of collagen , from which we make all body tissues . this is why the classic vitamin c full-on deficiency , scurvy involves haemorrhaging – body tissues are unable to be replenished and break down . citrus fruits are a rich source of vitamin c. if the body is deficient in this nutrient some people suffer bleeding gums and bruise easily . a very mild form of this can be seen in easy bruising and bleeding gums when brushing teeth , signs we are probably using up vitamin c very quickly in the stress response . other signs of deficiency include susceptibility to infection/colds and difficulty recovering from illness . it is depleted by smoking , alcohol , analgesics , oral contraceptives , steroids and with antidepressant use . food sources : berries , citrus fruits , green vegetables , asparagus , avocados , broccoli , brussels sprouts , cantaloupe , kale , mangos , onions , papayas , green peas , pineapple , radishes , spinach , strawberries , tomatoes and watercresss . hard pimples at the top of arms and thighs . hard spots at the top of the thighs and arms reveal a vitamin e deficiency . what’s causing it ? need for vitamin e . follicular keratosis is also associated with lowered vitamin a levels , as it is also a fat-soluble antioxidant and works with vitamin e . another nutrient that can contribute to easy bruising , vitamin e is a fat-soluble antioxidant that protects fatty body areas and is needed for fertility – the meaning of the greek word tocopherol , its chemical name . low levels of vitamin e and also omega oils can be seen as hardened , raised pimples at the tops of arms and legs that show abnormal skin growth called follicular keratosis , where too much of the skin protein keratin builds up . vitamin e may also help with improved circulation , the promotion of normal blood clotting , scarring , blood pressure and enhanced sperm production . food sources : cold-pressed vegetable oils , dark green leafy vegetables , legumes , nuts , seeds , whole grains , brown rice , eggs , kelp , milk , oatmeal , organ meats , soybeans , sweet potatoes and watercress . frequent throat and chest infections . what’s causing it ? need for vitamin a . vitamin a is essential for night vision ( yes , carrots can help you see in the dark ! ) and the health and resiliency against infection of the outer skin and the mucous membranes that line the respiratory , gastrointestinal and urinary tracts . stress can cause people have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat . increasing vitamin a - found in fish liver oils can help replenish the body . when you have trouble shifting colds and they commonly move to the chest and throat , increasing levels through plenty of greens and ( if you eat ) high-quality organic meat can help , in a stew helps deliver the nutrients efficiently and hydrate tissues at the same time . sufficient supply of zinc is needed to mobilise and release stores of vitamin a . food sources : animal livers , fish liver oils and green , red , orange and yellow fruits and vegetables . foods that contain significant amounts include apricots , asparagus , broccoli , cantaloupe , carrots , papayas , peaches , pumpkin , red peppers , spinach , watercress and yellow squash . charlotte watts is a nutritionist , yoga teacher and author of new book the de-stress effect : rebalance your body’s systems for vibrant health and happiness . her work has focussed on how nutrition and yoga can meet to help people cope with the type of demands we face in the 21st century . she has also authored the de-stress diet ( with anna magee ) , 100 top recipes for happy kids , 100 best foods for pregnancy and 100 foods to stay young . 