jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . after starting the new formula one season in australia with a severe lack of pace , mclaren and new power-unit supplier honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia . although both button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit , the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners . jenson button looks on in the garage during final practice for last month 's malaysian grand prix . that came as a pleasant surprise to button , who is now hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend 's race in shanghai . ' obviously we want to finish a race , but seeing improvement in pace was much more important , ' said button . ' yes , we both had failures , but i 'd rather that with us pushing and trying to get more power out of the car than trotting around at the back and simply getting to the end . ' to be able to race other cars , and see the red bulls until a long way into the race , was good . ' we would probably have been 20 seconds behind them . i know they 're not quick , but that is a good step forward for us . button returns to the mclaren garage after retiring during the race at the sepang circuit . ' right now we 're comparing ourselves with the force indias , saubers and lotuses . ' we were quicker than force india ; the sauber was on the same sort of pace , and the lotus was n't that much quicker . ' fighting with the pack is important for me . it 's what i enjoy and hopefully race by race we 'll start picking them off . ' despite the positives , button acknowledges the entire team , including honda , ' still has a long way to go ' . british driver button in action before he retired from the malaysian grand prix . button added : ' we need and want more downforce to fight with the guys around us , and we still have a lot to do with the power unit , but our basic car is good . ' if you look at our high-speed pace , compared to the force india and sauber , then we are much stronger . ' so we 're moving in the right direction , and i 'm already surprised we are racing cars . it 's great to see . ' part of the reasoning behind mclaren 's improvement in malaysia , in comparison to australia , was the high temperatures which suited the car . mclaren driver fernando alonso ( left ) drives ahead of team-mate button in kuala lumpur . button appreciates the cooler air in shanghai could have an effect . the 35-year-old said : ' there is a feeling the expected cooler weather will make it harder to generate tyre temperature . ' that could mean any progress we make does n't necessarily translate to a lap-time benefit . ' but there is definitely progress being made , and it 's great to be able to play a role in helping move the whole team forwards . ' it 'll be fascinating to see how much change we can effect over the forthcoming races . ' 