from teenage mothers and fathers to truck drivers and homeless addicts , brazil 's 24 hour drugs market crackland has become home to people from all walks of life . located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night . as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high . some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions . scroll down for video . patricia sebastiao , 22 who has a 2-year-old daughter and 1-year-old son , is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months but returns to crackland where she poses for a photograph . andrea , better known as loira , which is the portuguese word for ' blonde , ' poses for a portrait in an open-air crack cocaine market . andrea says she is married and has a home , but she keeps returning to crackland to feed her addiction . daniela pinto , 39 , her thin arms jutting from her red dress , has been a crack user for 4 years and has been living in this crackland for about 4 months . she says she wants freedom , peace and love , but most importantly she wants to be freed from her addiction . a makeshift portrait studio - a scavenged chair set in front of a white backdrop , illuminated by two small lights - draws crack users from their nightmarish surroundings for a photography project . one of those willing to open up and share her story was 17-year-old ketellin silva who posed for a portrait in the open-air crack cocaine market . ketellin , who first became a mother to little girl when she was just 14 , clings on tightly to a stuffed animal . the toy dog , she says , belongs to her baby boy who was born premature and still remains in hospital while she returns to the crack market . crack user ketellin silva 17 , the mother of a 3-year-old girl and baby boy , clings to a stuffed toy dog which she says belongs to her premature infant son who remains hospitalized . renato dias , 39 , pictured at crackland in rio de janeiro 's slums , has been using crack for about 4 years and says he uses his notebook as a form of distraction . he writes about super heroes and dreams of becoming one . long-term crack addict sancler rodrigues , 32 , said he has been smoking the drug for 7 or 8 years but was proud to pose for a portrait at crackland , telling the photographer ' i did n't think my old black shirt would look good in your photo , so i borrowed this from friend ' . carla chris , 35 , who has been using crack for over 6 years , says getting into crack was easy . what is difficult is finding an opportunity on the outside . but she pushes herself everyday , saying : ' smile because life is beautiful . jesus loves you and victory is certain . i am capable , prepared and self-sufficient , so i can do for myself ' . daniela pinto , her thin arms jutting from her red dress , has been visiting crackland for four months . the 39-year-old says she wants freedom , peace and love but , like so many others , she wants to be freed from her addiction most of all . andrea , better known as loira , which is the portuguese word for ' blonde , ' is married and has a loving family at home but it does n't stop her sneaking out to visit the market . patricia sebastiao , 22 , already has a two-year-old daughter and one-year-old son , and is expecting her third in a few months . but despite being pregnant , she can not stop herself from returning to crackland to feed her addiction and leaves her children behind to visit the drugs market . brazil has become the world 's top consumer of crack cocaine , according to some recent studies , as government programs fail to stem the rapid spread of drug use . valeria de brito , 36 , a user for eight years , said she does not like the crackland environment and prefers to use drugs elsewhere . henrique felix santos , 41 , was philosophical about his long term battle with addiction and said : ' the expression of each human being is consistent with reality ' . douglas wallace , 26 , poses for a portrait in crackland as recent studies show that brazil now consumes more crack than any other country . entrepreneur carla cristina , 26 , poses for a portrait next to her water stand in an open-air crack cocaine market where she sells cups of water with an aluminum seal , which users will transform into makeshift pipes for smoking their crack . lucilene gomes , 44 , adjusts her hair in preparation for a portrait in a makeshift studio made up of an old chair against a white backdrop illuminated by two small lights at the market . it currently has an estimated 1 million users of the drug - a cheap and highly addictive derivative of the coca plant grown in neighboring countries . writers , entrepreneurs and young mothers mingle among users who have given up hope of their dreams and ever shaking their addictions . eduardo santos de souza , 46 , who has fathered eight children with four different women says he has tried to cut down on his drug use and has a life outside crackland . others seem to have accepted their life here . henrique felix santos , 41 , who said he had been an addict for a long time , has grown philosophical about his life at crackland . ' the expression of each human being is consistent with reality , ' he said . while crack user of four years renato dias , 39 , escapes reality by writing stories about super heroes , and carla chris , 35 , clings onto optimism . ' smile because life is beautiful , ' she said . eduardo santos de souza , 46 , has fathered eight children by four differnt women but said he has now cut down on his drug use and is building a life outside crackland . andre oliveira , 32 , pictured outside a skip of rubbish at crackland where he makes a living by collecting discarded , recyclable items on the streets . jorge , 35 , poses for a portrait in the drugs market which attracts teenage mothers , truck drivers , fathers , homeless , those struggling with mental illness . anderson pereira , 23 , pictured wearing a t-shirt with a message that reads in portuguese ; ' nothing should seem natural ' in crackland . jose mauricio oliveira , 41 , at crackland in rio de janeiro , brazil which attracts people from all walks of life , some of whom once held jobs , some with loving families , who harbored dreams of a better existence , all lost to their addiction .