scientists have used cosmic rays from the distant universe to study lightning and thunderclouds in unprecedented detail . cosmic rays constantly bombard earth’s atmosphere , and there have been some suggestions they could even trigger lightning . but this particular experiment observed how cosmic rays were affected by lightning as they passed through it - providing information on the electrical field of a given storm . scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays ( illustrated ) . a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres . the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds . the experiment was conducted using the lofar ( low-frequency array ) radio telescope in the netherlands . researchers found , almost by accident , that cosmic rays were a suitable probe to measure electric fields within thunderclouds . high in the atmosphere , the rays strike atmospheric molecules and create ‘showers’ of elementary particles - the smallest known to exist . a long-standing puzzle in astrophysics is the source of ultra-high-energy particles from space that hit earth . called cosmic rays , they 're up to a billion times more energetic than particles at cern 's large hadron collider . they strike the atmosphere and cause an enormous shower of other particles , mostly muons , electrons and photons , over a wide area . though they were discovered decades ago , cosmic rays at these high energies are very rare , making it difficult to pinpoint where in the universe they originated . it 's thought that some come from supernovae , but it 's likely there are other sources of cosmic rays in the universe as well . these showers can be measured from the radio emissions that are generated when they interact with earth’s magnetic field . by measuring this during a thunderstorm , the researchers found they could find out information about the electric field in a thundercloud as it affected the radio emissions . it was found to be as strong as 50 kilovolts per one metre ( 3.3ft ) - which translates into a voltage of hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres , an enormous amount of energy . ' we modeled how the electric field in thunderstorms can explain the different measurements , ’ said researcher dr pim schellart from radboud university in the netherlands . ‘ this worked very well . how the radio emission changes gives us a lot of information about the electric fields in thunderstorms . ‘ we could even determine the strength of the electric field at a certain height in the cloud . ’ though they were discovered decades ago , cosmic rays at these high energies are very rare , making it difficult to pinpoint where in the universe they originated . it 's thought that some come from supernovae ( illustrated ) , but it 's likely there are other sources of cosmic rays in the universe as well . lightning is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure and claims many victims around the world each year . this new method to measure electric fields in thunderclouds will contribute to a better understanding and ultimately better predictions of lightning activity . current measurement methods from planes , balloons or little rockets are dangerous and too localised . most importantly , the presence of the measurement equipment influences the measurements too . cosmic rays probe the thunderclouds from top to bottom . moving at almost the speed of light they provide a near instantaneous ' picture ' of the electric fields in the cloud . moreover , they are created by nature and are freely available . ' this research is an exemplary form of interdisciplinary collaboration between astronomers , particle physicists and geophysicists ' , said dr heino falcke , also from radboud university . ' we hope to develop the model further to ultimately answer the question : how is lightning initiated within thunderclouds ? ' lightning ( shown in utah ) is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure and claims victims around the world . this new method to measure electric fields in thunderclouds will contribute to a better understanding and ultimately better predictions of lightning activity . 