it is a remarkable , eye-popping portrait of scotland 's first minister , nicola sturgeon . entitled ' naughty nicola ' , the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand . but instead of being offended , ms sturgeon is ' tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , peter murrell . he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman – on the brink of holding the balance of power . eye-popping : the painting allegedly hanging in the home of snp leader nicola sturgeon shows her as a dominatrix ( pictured ) . couple : the image is said to grace the wall of sturgeon 's ( left ) suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , peter murrell ( right ) . softly spoken , bespectacled and almost unknown outside the scottish political village , he can walk the busiest streets in scotland without being recognised . snp colleagues reveal that within the party , murrell is affectionately nicknamed penfold , after danger mouse 's loyal hamster sidekick in the 1980s cartoon series . meek , myopic and chubby , penfold dutifully shouts ' coming chief ' , whenever his superior summons him in the cartoons . some say the similarity extends further . sturgeon does n't drive and her husband frequently acts as chauffeur . he also carries out the lion 's share of the domestic chores . when good morning britain 's susanna reid remarked on the immaculate condition of the couple 's detached house last month , sturgeon , 44 , said : ' that 's because i had my husband up most of last night cleaning . ' scotland 's most powerful politician also leaves the cooking to her spouse , stating : ' i do n't cook . i have had lots of disasters and now i prefer not to try , but peter is a good cook and enjoys it . ' however , anyone assuming that murrell 's only role is that of dutiful house-husband would be sorely mistaken . as chief executive of the snp , he has transformed its fortunes , creating a formidable electoral machine . transition : murrell ( right ) is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader ( left ) from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman – on the brink of holding the balance of power . portrait : instead of being offended , ms sturgeon ( pictured ) is ' tickled ' by the image depicting her as a dominatrix . in 2001 , when he took on the role , the party had a paltry 6,000 members ; today the snp is the third-biggest party in the uk , with a membership of 110,000 . murrell , who earns about £120,000 a year , and his wife first met when ms sturgeon – an 18-year-old firebrand left-winger – attended an snp gathering which he helped to organise . they were married in 2010 with a wedding cake created by the scottish confectionery dynasty tunnock 's . so was glasgow-based french artist laetitia guilbaud making her own comment on the sturgeon-murrell relationship when she dreamt up naughty nicola in 2009 ? ' no , not at all , ' ms guilbaud , 35 told the mail on sunday . ' at the time she was very prominent , but i knew nothing about her partner . ' her image was quite mousey and she often wore a red suit , so i just wanted to explore her sexy side . ' mr murrell certainly liked what he saw and snapped up the work for £1,500 . he said : ' nicola was tickled by the depiction . ' perhaps he was following orders from the chief whip . 