franck ribery says his relationship with louis van gaal was ' poisoned ' at bayern munich and claims the current manchester united coach is a ' bad man' who loses players ' trust . van gaal took charge of the bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years , with ribery admitting he considered a move while the dutchman was at the club . the french winger says that while van gaal , who claimed a league and cup double in his first season , can do great things on the pitch , he did not take to him off it . franck ribery worked under louis van gaal at bayern munich and claims the dutchman is a ' bad man ' . van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge at bayern in 2009/10 . ribery claims van gaal lost the players ' trust while he considered a move away from the bundesliga club . ' we had problems on a human basis , ' ribery told goal . ' when he started , nobody knew what was going to happen . ' his idea was that he did not care about names at all , you do n't need stars , everybody had to prove themselves again . ' the first contact with him was already poisoned . as a professional you lose your trust . he does great things on the pitch but the coach van gaal was a bad man . our relationship was crushed . ' ribery also claimed that real madrid tried to sign him in 2009 , only to be persuaded to stay in germany after being told he was as important to bayern as lionel messi was to barcelona . as well as the la liga giants , he admitted chelsea and manchester city as well a host of top european clubs were interested in acquiring his services . he added : ' it was a burden . many clubs tried to persuade me to change : real madrid , barcelona , juventus , chelsea , manchester city . you start to think . i made up my mind about where my future should lie . i think that this is human . ' ribery celebrates after scoring against shakhtar donetsk in this year 's champions league . van gaal is currently the manchester united manager with his side sitting in third place in the premier league . 