it looks like a doll’s house that’s been dropped from a great height . a bathtub dangles at a crazy angle . bedclothes hang in the breeze . bricks are scattered everywhere . this was susan house’s beloved home after a huge explosion ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse . susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time . fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . ms house went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday afternoon , leaving a scene of destruction . a bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom after the explosion , which miraculously injured no one . the 55-year-old’s house may be in ruins but she can count herself extremely lucky to be alive – having left to take her dogs for a walk in the spring sunshine not long before the blast . she returned to find it looking like a bomb site , with rubble strewn across her garden and her belongings left exposed to the elements . the explosion originated in the kitchen , prompting the emergency services to believe that it was caused by a gas leak because the house is supplied by a propane tank . although there was serious damage to the remaining walls and roof , some of the content of the rooms remained intact . books were still lined up neatly on shelves in the downstairs office , a painting still hung on a remaining wall and the computer seemed unscathed . what remains of the detached home , called bleak house , in theddlethorpe , lincolnshire , will have to be ‘flattened’ , according to miss house’s father . george house , 86 , who has owned the property for 53 years and lives on the same street with his wife hilda , said : ‘ my daughter was out walking the dogs at the time . she lives there alone and it was really lucky that she wasn’t there . ‘ she is too upset to talk about it . due to it being bank holiday there is nothing we can do with it at the moment . ’ an upstairs bedroom , still with a bed and chest of drawers in tact , is visible from the garden as the wall of the room was completely blown off . kevin hinson was in his garden half a mile away when he heard what he described as a ' big bang ' , but mistook it for a bomb going off . the explosion is believed to have happened in the kitchen of the poultry farm - called bleak house - which had a propane-fed gas supply . wendy matkin , who lives a couple of hundred yards away from the destroyed farmhouse , said : ' i felt the whole house shake ' . fire service group manager sean king said if the owners of the property were in at the time ‘ it could have been a very different story’ . a spokesman for lincolnshire fire and rescue service said the gas leak originated in the kitchen . firefighters were able to put out a small fire without entering the home in case of any collapse . wrecked : pieces of brick , windows and plaster lie scattered across the garden , leaving the interior of the home completely visible . residents in theddlethorpe said the explosion was heard across the village . kevin hinson was in his garden half a mile away when he heard a ‘ big bang’ . he said he initially thought it was a bomb being tested at the nearby raf donna nook airbase . he added : ‘ it was a massive explosion . i’m just thankful nobody was hurt . ’ emergency crews put out a small fire after the explosion , which took place around 4.30pm on sunday . the police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast , but are not treating it as suspicious . fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . police and fire crews have launched an investigation into the explosion , which happened in theddlethorpe , lincolnshire , but are not treating it as suspicious . 