reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must ' improve as a man ' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour . an espn.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics , including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park . watson , who is chasing a third green jacket at augusta this week , got double the number of responses ( 22.6 per cent ) of second-place finisher patrick reed ( 11 per cent ) , with rory sabbatini third and robert allenby fourth . bubba watson speaks during his press conference at augusta national on tuesday . the reigning champion skips a ball across the water on the 16th hole during a practice round . watson has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers . asked on tuesday whether the survey results irritated him , watson replied : ' no , i take it as i need to improve as a man . i take it with pride . i need to get better . ' and i think over my career , since my rookie season to now , i 've gotten better . ' but obviously there 's more room for me to improve as a man , and hopefully the next year or the year after i will . ' it 's a challenge . it 's great . i 'm glad that it came out and it 's going to help me improve . ' so if it 's a bad thing and people do n't like me , then i 've got to improve and prove them wrong . ' watson walks down the 12th fairway with geoff ogilvy of australia as he gears up for the defence of his title . patrick reed , the self-assured american , came second in the players ' unpopularity poll . watson admitted he had been involved in ' some mess ups ' on tour but said he did not dislike any of his professional peers . ' i had the same question asked to me , so i answered that question , ' watson said . ' i put my name on there too , because i 'm not going to call out anybody , there 's nobody i dislike on tour . ' i dislike them if they beat me , but i do n't dislike them as a person . ' so i put my own name down there . so one of those names were me ; i wrote it down myself . ' obviously , i 've never been in a fight in my life , so if i was in a fight , it was my fault . ' i caused somebody to get angry . so yeah , i would n't help myself either . ' 