forget swansea , stoke city and west ham , the top seven would be seriously challenged by ' team pardew ' should this manager have had a full season in charge at one club . that is after crystal palace , managed by alan pardew , beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night , the english manager 's ninth win in south london since leaving his role at newcastle at the end of december . his former club have since plummeted in the premier league while palace now find themselves threatening the top half , and combining his records at both clubs this season would see ' team pardew ' sit in eighth place , just five points behind southampton . alan pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace . the premier league table with team pardew in - as well as a team complied from pre/post pardew results . newcastle fans were calling for pardew 's head for many years , seen as owner mike ashley 's puppet , and were sitting in 10th place when the 53-year-old returned ' home ' to crystal palace . the eagles were in the relegation zone along with burnley and leicester city , struggling to pick up points following neil warnock 's sacking . but while john carver has picked up just nine points in his 12 games in charge at st james ' park , pardew 's palace now have 39 points and are comfortably above the drop zone . a team compiled with newcastle and crystal palace 's stats pre/post pardew would be sitting in 19th ( albeit with 22 premier league clubs now technically involved ) . a top-half finish is now the aim for pardew and his men , as toon supporters still fear relegation following a 1-0 derby defeat to sunderland on easter sunday . pardew celebrates with his newcastle team and moussa sissoko after his goal against qpr in november . newcastle fans hold a banner calling the removal of pardew in a premier league game at stoke in september . john carver 's toon side are not safe from relegation yet after a 1-0 defeat at the hands of sunderland . it all started with a 4-0 win at dover athletic in the fa cup and now crystal palace have won four in five , most recently beating the champions . his stock will continue to rise with this table , which would put him just six points adrift of liverpool in fifth . pardew has recently insisted he would perform at a top club , better than monday 's counterpart manuel pellegrini at least , while he is definitely a contender for premier league manager of the year award . and nobody would have predicted that in 2014 . glenn murray celebrates after netting the opening goal during crystal palace 's victory over manchester city . 