as chancellor of the exchequer , george osborne is used to inventing new ways of hovering up taxpayers’ money to clean up the deficit . mr osborne today came face to face with a real henry the hoover – and onlookers could n't fail to notice there was an uncanny resemblance to the tory campaign chief . the chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset , where he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built . uncanny : chancellor george osborne met george the hoover as he campaigned in the west country . the blue version of the popular vaccum brand , which also shampoos carpets , was unveiled during mr osborne 's visit to the numatic factory in chard , somerset . mr osborne appeared to be amused by a henry hoover as he spoke to staff on the production line . mr osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the iconic hoover brands . onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities between the grinning , plastic cleaning device – and the chancellor . mr osborne was shown round the factory by worker inga ciplyte , 29 , from exeter , as he promoted the government’s plan to create thousands of new apprenticeships . the chancellor took to twitter to hail the henry the hoover factory , writing : ' great british products made here in chard and exported around the world . ' david cameron had earlier been joined by the tv star karren brady to highlight a series of deals with big businesses to create 16,000 new apprenticeships over the next five years . the conservative peer , who stars as one of lord sugar 's sidekicks on the apprentice , joined the prime minister at a costa coffee - after they announced plans to take on 6,000 youngsters as part of the tories ' pledge to eradicate youth unemployment . baroness brady , who is also the government’s small business ambassador , said apprenticeships ‘transformed’ people 's lives and were now more respected than in the past . earlier mr osborne tried his hand at being a mechanic as he met apprentices at hawkins garage near st austell . the tories announced an extra 16,000 apprentices would be created by firms including morrisons and costa . mr osborne even got the teas in as he campaign for local tory candidate steve doble ( left ) . mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election . costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each . ministers will today visit firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; crest nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the national grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices . ahead of their campaign visit today , baroness brady said : ‘ david cameron’s commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people . ' she added : ‘ with 2.2million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week . ‘they’ve become more rigorous and respected too : we’ve got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science labs . ’