an autopsy has been completed on a missing florida woman who was found dead in her sunken car in a tampa-area lake , showing she was intoxicated when she drove into into the water and ultimately drowned . apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying , having finished work at 11pm at ulele restaurant , where she was a waitress . after a widespread search , the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon , just a few blocks from her house . according to the autopsy , the medical examiner measured foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as thc , the active ingredient in marijuana , my fox tampa bay reported . accidental death : an autopsy has show apryl foster 's blood alcohol level was 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , and detected the presence of thc , a component of marijuana . recovered : foster 's chevy aveo was pulled from the lake on sunday , february 22 . the autopsy results suggest she accidentally drove into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana . her death has been ruled an accidental drowning . foster 's family believe she drove into the wrong brandon subdivision , then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake . foster 's grieving parents , who held out hope for her safe return until the bitter end , thanked tampa police for helping them throughout the search . ' god has blessed us w/closure , looking into the eyes of jesus . the hours , the days @ tampapd spent w/us , thank you , ' the family said sunday . they gave a tearful statement at an evening press conference . peggy beman , foster 's mother , said at a press conference that she was thankful for the closure tampa pd helped her family get after the body was found . last seen : foster , an aspiring singer , was last seen on cctv footage leaving an ybor city bar on february 12 . foster , an aspiring singer , was last seen talking to a man at the double decker bar in ybor city , but she left alone . before they headed over to the double decker , foster and the man were seen leaving the bad monkey bar next door , wfla reported . after searching through footage from more than 50 surveillance cameras , police released images of foster from the night she disappeared during a press conference last week . foster was last seen on video in a car turning east from 18th street onto 7th avenue in ybor city , the tampa tribune reported . she was wearing a hooded black and gray , zip-up sweatshirt and black work pants . foster was an aspiring singer . she was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone . peggy beman , foster 's mother , said recently the family was still hopeful her daughter will be found alive and well . peggy beman , center , is consoled during her husband 's craig beman 's , front left , testimonial about their daughter during a candlelight vigil in tampa on wednesday . sad : craig beman consoles his wife peggy during a candlelight vigil held for their daughter . thirty-three-year-old foster went missing feb. 12 . her hair was in a double bun . investigators could not tell from the video if foster was driving the car , a chevy aveo with the license plate k125yc . foster was reported missing after she failed to show up for work at the ulele restaurant . peggy beman , her mother , said at the press conference , ' i know you 're probably getting tired of it but would you give up if it was your own relative . ' she just has a smile that just does n't end . ' her family , employers and another local business had polled their resources to offer a $ 15,000 reward for information leading to her safe return . her family , employers and another local business had polled their resources to offer a $ 15,000 reward for information leading to her safe return . 