british scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer , they revealed last night . a team led by imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy , which they say could be ready for human trials within three years . the scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold , an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses . the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them . the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them . in a chance discovery in mice , it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or lem - dramatically boosted the body’s number of t-cells . they are now developing a gene therapy that would boost the production of lem proteins , in turn increasing the number of t-cells available to attack cancer cells . the therapy , revealed in the international journal science last night , would use the existing t-cells taken from individual patients . the patient’s cells would be removed , modified with the insertion of lem-producing genes , and then infused back into the patients via a drip , probably on four occasions over two months . it might also be used to treat other viruses , they said . the development , which also involved researchers from queen mary university of london , eth zurich in switzerland and harvard medical school in the us , has already been six years in the making . cytotoxic t-cells are an important component of the immune system , but when faced with serious infections or advanced cancer , they are usually unable to mobilise in large enough quantities to fight the disease . in a chance discovery in mice , it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or lem - dramatically boosted the body’s number of t-cells . by screening mice with genetic mutations , the imperial team discovered a strain of mice that produced ten times as many cytotoxic t-cells when infected with a virus , compared with normal mice . the discovery was unexpected because the new protein had no known function and resembles no other protein known to science . but the mice suppressed infections more effectively and were far more resistant to cancer . they also produced more of a second type of t-cells , memory cells , enabling them to recognise infections they have encountered previously and launch a rapid response . in further experiments the scientists went on to show that the lem molecule had a similar impact on the human immune system . a team led by imperial college london ( pictured ) has already applied to patent the therapy , which they say could be ready for human trials within three years . study leader professor philip ashton-rickardt of imperial college , said : ‘ cancer cells have ways to suppress t-cell activity , helping them to escape the immune system . ‘ genetically engineering t cells to augment their ability to fight cancer has been a goal for some time and techniques for modifying them already exist . ‘ by introducing an active version of the lem gene into the t-cells of cancer patients , we hope we can provide a robust treatment for patients . ‘ next we will test the therapy in mice , make sure it is safe and see if it can be combined with other therapies . the treatment would be relatively expensive because it would effectively be personalised each time , relying on an extraction of the patient’s own cells . ‘ if all goes well , we hope to be ready to carry out human trials in about three years . ’ he said gene therapy would initially be used to treat patients with advanced cancer . the treatment would be relatively expensive because it would effectively be personalised each time , relying on an extraction of the patient’s own cells . but he insisted the cost would be manageable , given the significant benefits it could bring . imperial college has already filed two patents for the technology , and a spin-off company called immunart has been formed with the aim of commercialising the therapy . dr mike turner of the wellcome trust , which helped fund the research , said : ‘ the discovery of a protein that could boost the immune response to not only cancer , but also to viruses , is a fascinating one . ‘ further investigation in animal models is needed before human trials can commence , but there is potential for a new type of treatment that capitalises on the immune system’s innate ability to detect and kill abnormal cells . ’ 