it is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children . but these days it seems you are just as likely to come across cetaphil in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous . it has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain’s got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde . scroll down for video . celebrity favourite : it has emerged that cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain’s got talent judge amanda holden ( left ) and actresses charlize theron ( right ) and olivia wilde . cetaphil gentle cleanser , which currently costs £6.74 at boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon , is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients , which makes it less harsh on the skin than other facewashes containing long lists of chemicals . dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers . its formula suits all ages , from babies to mums and the elderly . fragrance free : cetaphil gentle cleanser . and yesterday miss holden , 44 , revealed that it is her secret to remaining fresh-faced . ‘ i swear by cetaphil . ' it isn’t fancy or expensive but it does what i need it to do , ’ she said . the mother of two girls said she had started looking into ways to improve her skin after playing princess fiona in shrek in the west end in 2011 , which meant wearing heavy green make-up each night . she said she used to have botox injections and plastic surgery but that nearly dying giving birth to her daughter hollie in 2012 put her off any more invasive treatments . she now relies on radio frequency energy facials ( as well as more budget-friendly products such as cetaphil ) to hold back the years . rush actress miss wilde , 31 , has described cetaphil as ‘ the best’ facial cleanser , while monster star miss theron , 39 , said she loves the ‘ clean smell’ . beauty therapist joanne evans , of dr jules nabet’s medical rooms in london , said that she has been recommending cetaphil to clients for years , adding : ‘it’s a very gentle cleanser for sensitive skins… . 'it’s great for breakouts too , dermatologists recommend this as [ one of the best ] cleansers . ’