new york city in the height of summer with children . would you buy that for a dollar ? precisely . but take your crew 90 minutes north of the big apple to mohonk mountain house in the heart of the hudson valley and you’ll not regret it for a second . it gets its name from the surrounding mohonk preserve , on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey . it is astonishing to find such wilderness so close to the city . the hotel is a faux-gothic victorian castle and may look too faux to european eyes , but the lake , gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages . a world away : the faux-gothic victorian castle hotel mohonk mountain house enjoys a spectacular location . perfect : felix found the hotel , lake , gardens and trails to be an adventure playground for his young family . one afternoon , we check our two girls into the kids’ club and climb up the labyrinth trail ( one of eight epic scrambles ) to lookout tower on the high bluff above the lake . we clamber over boulders , up timber ladders and squeeze through tiny gaps in the cliff band . the 360-degree views are inspirational . the kids’ club is the best we have experienced . our girls make paper bag whales , cork puppets and chalk drawings , dress up and sing songs , go on pony and boat rides . we use the club as a drop-in once or twice a day , using our free time to explore the 5,000 acres of hotel grounds and the surrounding preserve . water water everywhere : the hotel sits on the banks of lake mohonk in new york state 's hudson valley . another afternoon , we check in to the spa ; another morning , we ride eagle ridge on horseback as turkey vultures , red-tailed hawks and bald eagles soar overhead . in between , we have a ball with the children . we take them out on the lake in pedalos , and walk the lakeside path following a baby deer . on the opposite side of the lake , a path down from the cliff leads to a sandy beach and swimming area . high on the cliff above is the granary restaurant , a wonderful open-air grill that serves lunch and lobster cook-outs . rooms are divided between the four sections of the hotel , some traditional , some contemporary . all are comfortable , a good size and most come with private balconies . there are no tvs . splash : guests of the hotel can enjoy a day on the lake in canoes , one of many available outdoor activities . the hotel began life as a ten-room drinking inn . then , 145 years ago , two quaker twins , albert and alfred smiley , fell in love with its setting and bought it to use as a teetotal retreat for the great and good . it was full from their first season , has played host to five us presidents and is still owned and run by the smiley family . but grown-ups will be pleased to know the ban on alcohol has long passed . we raise a glass to simple pleasures . british airways ( 0844 493 0787 , www.ba.com ) flies to new york jfk from £439 return . a stay at mohonk mountain house ( 001 855 883 3798 , www.mohonk.com ) for a family of four starts at £868 a night full-board , including activities such as boating , golf and children’s programmes . car hire with avis ( 0808 284 5566 , www.avis.co.uk ) starts at £98 per day .  