fit or quit ? smartphone health apps have been accused of ‘ fuelling anxiety’ . they’re designed to make it easier for you to get healthy . but in fact mobile health apps are ‘ fuelling anxiety’ and ‘ eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’ , warns a senior gp . the ‘ untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence . popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple’s health app , which is automatically installed on the latest apple smartphones . but dr spence warned that newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit . ‘ the truth is that these apps and devices are untested and unscientific , and they will open the door of uncertainty’ , the glasgow gp wrote in the british medical journal . he added : ‘ we should be sceptical of embracing more medical technology . one of the problems we face as doctors is that although people are much healthier , there is a lot more anxiety . ‘people’s sense of wellbeing has been eroded and a lot of that is by technology , use of the internet , that type of stuff . ‘ my concern with the health apps is they have the potential to fuel anxiety without any benefit . ’ dr spence said that manufacturers were more concerned about making a profit than their customers’ wellbeing , with apps purposely designed to make people worry about their health so they would spend more money on health technology , diet pills and slimming firms . ‘ the people who write these apps will clearly have a commercial agenda . the underlying ethos of the app will be about profit and not about health’ , he said . apple’s health app comes pre-downloaded on its new phones and automatically tells you how many steps you have walked each day . it can also work out the number of calories you have eaten and burned off , as well as your blood pressure , blood sugar levels and heart rate . warning : apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry , says senior gp . and last month the computer giant launched the apple watch , with prices starting from £300 , which can also monitor users’ health and fitness . dr spence said the majority of apps which just monitor your calorie intake or step count were ‘harmless’ , but are unlikely to offer many health benefits . and he warned there was a risk that patients relying on them would feel ‘cheated’ if they developed cancer or heart disease despite trying to follow a healthy lifestyle . however , dr iltifat husain , editor of the imedicalapps.com website , said there was no evidence health apps caused harm . also writing in the bmj , he said they had ‘ great potential’ to reduce death risk by ‘ encouraging healthy behaviour’ .