a 10-year-old boy climbed through a school window and jumped to his death after his chess opponent failed to say ' checkmate ' after beating him , a police report has revealed . the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 and died later that day . on wednesday , police released a report after an investigation into his death , the record reported . the fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent did n't say ' checkmate ' , according to the report . an aide overheard him saying to the other student : ' do you want me to do something drastic ? ' tragic : a 10-year-old boy jumped to his death from a window at grant elementary school in new jersey last month after becoming upset following a losing chess match , according to a new police report . she told police that as the students were about to leave the room for lunch , she saw him crying in a corner and writing a note , which he passed to his opponent but told him not to open it until later . she confiscated the note and when she turned around to look at the boy , she saw him climbing through a window before jumping through the second-story window , the report said . he had managed to lift himself onto shelves and had crawled along the top towards the window , which was open about a foot , according to witness statements . he went through the window ' headfirst , unforced , unassisted and of his own accord ' and suffered ' serious facial injuries ' , the report said . witnesses said the boy seemed to be conscious and moving after hitting the ground but he died in the hospital several hours later , the record previously reported . the contents of the note he passed to his classmate have not been disclosed . after the tragedy , the classmate said the boy had made references to jumping out the window on four previous occasions - but he did n't tell anyone because he did n't think the boy was serious . after losing another chess match in december , the boy got angry and said , ' i 'm this close to jumping out the window ! ' while holding his thumb and index finger about an inch apart , the classmate said . upset : the boy had previously told his chess opponent on four separate occasions that he would jump out the window , but the classmate told police he thought the boy was just messing around ( stock photo ) . in the days before he jumped , the boy had also told the lunch aide that no one was letting him play chess with them , so she told the other students to include him . a classmate reported seeing the student often eating lunch on his own . the report concluded that no criminal charges will be brought in the incident . the school has not spoken out about any potential changes to its policies and an attorney for the school declined to comment on wednesday . but several dumont high school students said that their school has imposed a new policy that prohibits windows from being opened more than 6 inches , the record reported . some of the windows have been fitted with screws that stop them from opening up all the way , the students added . • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 