a former tv pitchman in utah known for his over-the-top personality pleaded guilty to harassing a barn owl in flight while on a motorized paraglider . dell ' super dell ' schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird , according to the salt lake tribune . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person . however , he returned to a federal court on friday to plead guilty . schanze was scheduled to go to trial on april 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $ 100,000 in fines if convicted . dell ' super dell ' schanze arrives for a court appearance at the federal courthouse on thursday , april 9 , 2015 in salt lake city where a plea deal fell through because he refused to admit to the 2011 crime . on friday , he returned to the court to plead guilty . on friday , schanze pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . ' there was no plea agreement , and federal prosecutors made no concessions to schanze as a part of his guilty plea to both counts , ' according to a statement from the u.s. attorney 's office , ksl reported . the charges , filed in october 2014 , came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013 . it appeared to show a paraglider near utah lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it . in a statement released from the attorney 's it said schanze will forfeit an orange parasail as a substitute asset for the paraglider involved in the illegal conduct . ' judge benson also ordered him not to land a paraglider in a federally designated wilderness area or in any area closed to motorized access by a federal agency , ' the statement said . on thursday , schanze who is known in utah for his shrill , hyperactive tv commercials for his totally awesome computers retail chain , yet again turned a court hearing into a spectacle . it started when he arrived about five minutes late and entered court wearing dark sunglasses , a tight-fitting black turtleneck , tennis shoes and a fanny pack . when u.s. district judge dee benson began reading through the plea deal , schanze answered ' yes sir ' to the first few questions but then balked after benson asked him if it was true that he knowingly harassed the owl in 2011 . schanze was sentenced to one year of probation and has to forfeit an orange parasail as a substitute asset for the paraglider involved in the illegal conduct ( above schanze pictured in may 2006 ) . schanze responded ' no sir . ' ' i 'm going to go out on a limb here , what part is n't true ? ' benson said . ' pretty much all of it , but i 'm willing to plea to it if we can finish this today , ' schanze said . the judge explained to schanze that he could not accept a plea deal without an admission to the facts . his attorney , kent hart , spoke with him several times and the judge at one point brought both attorneys to the bench . ' do you not see the conundrum ? ' schanze told the judge . ' i 'm not an evil , horrible guy and i 'm not going to lie . ' schanze never budged refusing to accept the facts , and benson ended the hearing and ordered the case to trial beginning on april 20 before he pleaded guilty on friday . thursday was also not the first time schanze has made a sideshow out of a court hearing . at his initial appearance in december , he was handcuffed and briefly held in contempt after being disruptive and combative with a federal judge . during that hearing , he was placed in handcuffs in a salt lake city courtroom after he stood up and interrupted a judge at another man 's hearing . u.s. chief magistrate judge brooke wells had told that man he would have to surrender any weapons as part of his release . speaking loudly from the front row , schanze declared it was unconstitutional to take the man 's guns . wells ordered u.s. marshals to handcuff schanze and escort him out . charges against schanze came in 2014 after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013 and appeared to show a paraglider near utah lake kicking a soaring owl and boasting about it . schanze is known in utah for his shrill , hyperactive tv commercials for his totally awesome computers retail chain . in 2006 , schanze shut down his totally awesome computers stores amid sinking sales and legal troubles . he has since run for political office , including a libertarian bid for governor . schanze 's paragliding has run afoul of the law before . in 2006 , he was charged with disorderly conduct after flying low near interstate 15 at rush hour . he kissed the feet of a fan who paid his $ 300 fine in the case . five years later , schanze was arrested in oregon after allegedly jumping off the 125-foot-tall astoria column . he said outside the jail the government was stifling his creativity . his other legal troubles include a 2005 conviction for lying to officers after prosecutors said he brandished a gun at draper residents angry that he 'd sped through their neighborhood . four years later , schanze was sentenced to ten days in jail after police stopped him for weaving in and out of traffic . prosecutors say his children were n't wearing seatbelts , and schanze was carrying a loaded gun in his fanny pack without a permit . schanze ( pictured above in 2010 ) shut down his stores in 2006 amid sinking sales and legal troubles .