toby huntington-whiteley has already made waves in the modelling industry due to his towering height - he falls just under 6 ' 4 '' - and chiselled looks . and his latest stint in the summer ad for men 's clothing brand , jacamo , certainly does n't disappoint . the 25-year-old personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer , freddie flintoff , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign , filmed in palma , majorca . scroll down for video . toby huntington-whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand jacamo . the 25-year-old shows off his supermodel pout as he wears a tailored suit in the streets of palma . one shot sees toby showing off his model pout as he lounges by a rooftop swimming pool , modelling a pair of tropical-print swim shorts . another campaign shot sees the dapper 25-year-old taking to the back streets of palma wearing an ink-blue tailored suit , colourful pocket square , white t-shirt and sunglasses . sporting legend freddie , the face of jacamo for the last four years , wears his own flintoff by jacamo summer collection . english professional cricketer freddie flintoff , 37 , has been the face of jacamo for four years . the tv ad sees the professional cricketer having an energetic game on a basketball court , before hitting the beach in a jeep . as the official face of jacamo , freddie said : ' majorca is a brilliant island and we had a great time filming there . ' after four years of working with jacamo i think that both the adverts and products continue to surprise people , in a good way . he added : ' this particular collection shows how much variety men can have in their summer wardrobe . ' the advert sees rosie huntington-whiteley 's brother , enjoying the mediterranean heat in a rooftop swimming pool . the face of jacamo , freddie flintoff , stars in the advert and is seen enjoying a game of basketball . this summer campaign marks toby huntington-whiteley 's second tv gig for the menswear retailer . jacamo caters to an extensive range of sizes from big-name brands , from small to 5xl , and the advert highlights that the company 's clothing is well-suited to men who are ' extra tall ' and ' extra broad ' . both whiteley and flintoff measure up at just under 6 ' 4 '' , which make them ideal poster boys for the brand . jacamo caters to men who are ' extra broad ' ( toby is pictured left ) and ' extra tall ' ( freddie is pictured right ) .