it 's the most widely used illegal drug in the world , but does cannabis deserve its reputation as being one of the safest ? not if you take a look at south africa , one of the uk 's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis , where a potent strain of the plant dubbed ' swazi gold ' is wrecking havoc on its young population . as revealed in bbc 's stacey dooley investigates , which aired last night , poverty-stricken grandmothers are growing it , drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country , and what stays behind is ruining the lives of south africa 's drug-addled teens . scroll down for video . confiscated : reporter stacey dooley ( left ) poses with blocks of densely-packed cannabis which have been intercepted by officials ( centre and right ) at south africa's o r tambo international airport . swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of swaziland , where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana . farmers - many of them ' grannies ' whose children have died and who are now in charge of providing for their grandchildren - have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination , and can now yield double the crop they once could annually . the result is cannabis which boasts a staggeringly high concentration of thc , the psychoactive agent which produces the high , which finds its way either to the streets of the uk , or the streets of johannesburg and beyond . ' we do n't care where it ends up , ' one farmer tells reporter stacey dooley . the swazi gold that stays in south africa is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope . nyope contains a heroin concentration of around ten per cent , and often ' fillers ' including rat poison and crushed hiv tablets . hooked : south african youths as young as 14 are mixing swazi gold with heroin to form nyope , a highly addictive substance that causes long-term mental problems ( file photo ) . ' i smoke until i die , ' one young addict based in johannesburg 's ivory park tells ms dooley . ' i get crazy if i do n't get this . ' ' we want to stop but if you are addicted you ca n't just leave , ' complains another . nyope addicts , many starting out as young as 14 , smoke an average of 15 heroin-laced ' joints ' per day . they go through stages of painful withdrawal on a daily basis between bouts of being high , with symptoms including restlessness , aching bones and nausea ; and most are left with lifelong mental problems as a result of taking the drug . ms dooley meets one 18-year-old nyope addict called tulu who attends a rehab centre every day in a bid to turn his life around . he has been clean for three days when ms dooley meets him , and says he 's determined to kick the habit . lucrative : farmers in swaziland developed the potent strain through cross-pollination , and can now yield double the crop they once could annually ( file photo ) . tulu 's parents died when he was just 11 , leaving him alone to look after his younger sister . ' she 's eight , i have to give her something so she can eat at school , ' he explains . it 's difficult to know where to start when it comes to cracking down on south africa 's drug trade , ms dooley concludes . farmers and dealers simply pay off corrupt members of the police force to avoid being arrested on a daily basis , and the story is much the same in airports . when ms dooley visits johannesburg 's o. r. tambo international airport , she witnesses one incident of a suitcase packed with cannabis being intercepted , but airport officials admit that more often than not , drugs get through . as for tulu , when ms dooley goes back to his home town to check on him , he has stopped attending rehab . nyope , it seems , has reclaimed another victim .