fabio capello claimed john terry is still england’s best defender and maintained he should never have been stripped of his captaincy . speaking about the terry race row for the first time since leaving his post as england manager , capello said england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal . ‘ i think john is england’s best defender and they have not got a lot of defenders , ’ said capello , ‘ it is better to have a player like john than not have him . ’ fabio capello insists defender john terry should never have been stripped of the england captaincy . capello claims england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea star at their disposal . the italian was in charge of the national side when terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand , the brother of then england teammate rio , during a chelsea match against qpr in october 2011 . he was stripped of his captaincy by the football association after being charged by police . capello resigned as england manager in february 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the fa’s decision and obviously remains bitter about the whole affair . he believes terry should have kept his role under the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven . ‘ i fought for john to be able to come back and play but they [ the football association ] said “ no you can’t decide about the player , you need to wait for the court decision , ” and i said “ why ? ” but they had already decided before i asked . john terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . chelsea captain terry , who has 78 england caps , retired from international football in september 2012 . asked if it was time to persuade terry , who has been a permanent fixture in the chelsea side bound for the premier league title , to come back into the england fold , capello - speaking at the laureus world sports awards - directed his ire at the fa . ‘ you know what happened with me , they decided he could not play with the national team and i didn’t understand because he was not guilty . ‘ when it happened i said to the president [ david bernstein ] “ you decided he’s guilty ? ” no he’s not guilty , it’s good you can play with the national team and i don’t understand why you don’t play . ’ terry was cleared of racially abusing ferdinand in a criminal hearing at westminster magistrates court but retired from international football in september 2012 after the fa pursued their own charges . an fa hearing found terry , who has 78 england caps , guilty of using insulting words which included a reference to anton ferdinand’s colour or race and he was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 , terry , 34 , said he was ‘ deeply hurt’ by the incident and will never play for england again . capello agreed his international career was probably over . ‘ i don’t think he has the chances to play with the national team more , ’ said capello , ‘ but i saw some young players that played with me are improving . [ chris ] smalling is playing and [ phil ] jones . i’m happy because a lot of players i put in the national team are playing now and well . ’ the chelsea defender was cleared in court of racially abusing ferdinand but was banned and fined by the fa . 