the ukip candidate exposed by the mail on sunday after calling for all immigrants to be sent home is at the centre of a row over claims she falsely said her son was injured in afghanistan . victoria ayling , who is running for the key election seat of great grimsby , made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at ukip meetings . after saying it was because she had spent ‘ five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan’ , lieutenant colonel ron shepherd , the leader of ukip’s north east lincolnshire group , launched an investigation . scroll down for video . row : ukip politician victoria ayling , with party leader nigel farage , who is being questioned over claims about son . astonishingly , he has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son’s situation . mrs ayling denies that is the case . it is the latest controversy to hit the 55-year-old , who in 2013 was caught on camera calling for all immigrants to be repatriated , saying : ‘ i just want to send the lot back . ’ she claimed her remarks had been taken ‘ out of context’ . mrs ayling fought great grimsby at the 2010 election as a tory , coming within 714 votes of a shock victory against labour veteran austin mitchell , who is now standing down . the seat is high on ukip leader nigel farage’s hitlist . controversy : victoria ayling on front page of mail on sunday . lieut-col shepherd set out his findings in a memo dated monday december 8 , which read : ‘ i understand her son anthony bowles is stationed in woolwich as part of the 1st battalion the royal anglian regiment . i have spoken with the adjutant of 1 ra who can not release details to me . anthony’s grandmother brenda has stated he’s not been blown up . ’ shortly afterwards , mrs ayling was confronted by local ukip councillor matt stinson about whether her son had been injured . the incident took place at a meeting attended by david soutter , whose job is to vet ukip candidates . mrs ayling fought back , saying : ‘ it is a private matter and nothing to do with you , matt . my son had problems in afghanistan and is recovered and back in service . ‘ if anybody in the army is giving out mistruths or anything about my son i want to know their name – they have got no right to talk about another soldier’s private life . ’ last night , this newspaper was called anonymously by a man who said he was a soldier who had served alongside mr bowles . the unidentified caller said ukip’s grimsby party had been unfair to mrs ayling – because she had kept the matter quiet to protect her son . he added mr bowles had been caught up in a ‘ very bad situation’ , which he declined to describe . lieut-col shepherd said last night : ‘you’ll have to talk to victoria about that . ’ mrs ayling said : ‘ this is a private matter . ’ the mod declined to comment . 