' boring ' has been the word on everyone 's lips when talking about chelsea this week , but didier drogba has shown he and his team-mates still have the skill to disprove that disparaging tag . the blues are preparing for wednesday night 's trip to leicester city at st george 's park , having drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . and drogba and his team-mates , who can wrap up the barclays premier league title with two more victories , have shown off their abilities with an intricate six-man heading trick around the dinner table . didier drogba hit back at claims that chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a ' bin challenge ' . after the ball is headed by loic remy and eden hazard , john terry heads to drogba in the six-man task . after drogba , goalkeeper thibaut courtois is the next to take the ball , heading back to john obi mikel . mikel stoops with a diving header that sees him fall off his chair , but the ball does drop into the small bin . manager jose mourinho shot back at claims that his side were boring this week , insisting that going 10 years without winning the league - as arsenal have - was more boring , and now drogba has added to the retort with a video captioned : ' boring boring chelseaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! ' with six players seated opposite each other on either side of a long table , branislav ivanovic throws the ball on to the head of loic remy to start the game . he heads back to eden hazard , who then directs it on to john terry followed by drogba and thibaut courtois before john obi mikel stoops to knock the ball into a bin with a diving header . after just about managing to complete the feat all seven players celebrate wildly , the sort of scenes that might be seen against crystal palace on sunday if chelsea win at the king power stadium and then on their return to stamford bridge . the champions-elect have been preparing for wednesday night 's game at the national football centre at burton-on-trent since monday , where they are staying at the on-site hilton hotel . while french forward remy was more than willing to jump around with his team-mates in the video at the hotel , he has been ruled out of the game against leicester by mourinho . with mikel on the floor , courtois and terry leap into the air in celebrations that could soon be repeated . the seven players involved in the game at st george 's park jump around in a celebratory huddle . drogba and his team-mates can wrap up the barclays premier league title with two more league victories . diego costa is also a doubt having missed almost a month of action with a hamstring problem that has bugged him for much of the season . midfielder oscar has a chance of returning from the concussion he suffered against arsenal in a challenge by goalkeeper david ospina on sunday . st george 's park , which opened in october 2012 , is used by the full range of england teams as well as club sides . barcelona , galatasaray and monaco are among the visiting teams to have stayed there . terry and his team-mates celebrate at full-time at the emirates stadium after stepping closer to the title .