hollywood actor keanu reeves made no secret of his passion for formula one when visited and sampled the atmosphere at the red bull headquarters in milton keynes . reeves , who has starred in blockbusters such as the matrix trilogy , has been pictured at grand prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead . the 50-year-old grilled red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey - who has been a part of ten world championship wins in the past - and checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with sky sports f1 . keanu reeves chats to red bull chief technical officer adrian newey at the headquarters in milton keynes . petrolhead reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the red bull factory with sky sports . and reeves , who is also a director , producer , musician , and author , also said that his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business . he said : the whole thing is the most impressive thing . it reminds me of telling stories or making a film . all of the different parts - costume , cinematographer , wardrobe , all of the fuel dynamics , the power plant , body design , construction . all of these kind of teams that go to people that go to an idea that goes to a passion going towards this one event is what 's impressive . ' there 's something great and human about it , everyone coming together for this thing . despite reeves ' excitement at the factory , he conseded he was ' absolutely not ' the key to catching mercedes and ferrari this season , while he admitted he was more of a bike lover . talking about his early love for f1 , he added : ' when i was a kid it was the classic thing where you see the cars on television . loving the shape and sound of them , then as i was older it was the racing . ' reeves sat down with natalie pinkham and said formula one was similar to the film business . the matrix actor also tried out the red bull simulator during his trip . watch this weekend’s coverage of the chinese grand prix live on sky sports f1 with news and updates at skysports.com/f1 .