it 's been a tough 18 months for red bull since their dominant four years at the top of formula one ended in 2013 . the team were well off the pace of mercedes last season , but could at least count on daniel ricciardo to pick up a win or three when the silver arrows ran into trouble . however , red bull seem to have fallen even further back this season , with rivals , along with former driver and world champion sebastian vettel , taking the fight to lewis hamilton and nico rosberg at the sharp end of the grid . daniel ricciardo practices with a martial artist at guyi garden ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . the red bull driver takes instructions to work on his stance as the formula one circus arrives in shanghai . ricciardo smiles as he gets to grips with the stance shown to him by the martial artist . but ricciardo looks like he has found the formula to kick-start his and the team 's season ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . the popular australian met a martial artist at guyi garden for a pr event before he starts putting friday free practice laps around the shanghai circuit , and attempted to hold different stances and poses as he bids to improve on a sixth place finish in australia as well as a disappointing 10th in malaysia . the new skills may not get the few tenths needed to bring red bull back to the front of the grid , but the discipline picked up from the session may help him deal with what could turn out to be a frustrating season for the 25-year-old judging by the opening couple of races . ricciardo greets his trainer ahead of the event held before the weekend 's chinese grand prix action gets underway . red bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season which has seen them slip behind ferrari in challenging mercedes . there was no stopping ricciardo from dominating sebastian vettel at red bull last season , but 2015 has been less kind so far . ricciardo copies his trainer while trying to learn a stance at guyi garden in the build up to the chinese grand prix . the martial artist trainer looks on as ricciardo tries to master a stance taught to him . ricciardo seemed to enjoy the pre-race event as he is given a helping hand by the instructor . ricciardo shows off his balancing skills as his instructor shadows the red bull star . getting the hang of it , ricciardo gives a double fist pump as he hopes to kick-start a disappointing opening to the 2015 f1 season . red bull will hope ricciardo does n't stretch his new martial art skills too much ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . ricciardo watches and learns as photographers gather round to take pictures and videos of the event . ricciardo greets fans after arriving at the shangahi circuit ahead of this weekend 's grand prix .