the mother of accused killer vincent stanford is helping detectives investigating the death of beloved teacher stephanie scott , who was buried in an emotional funeral service on wednesday . wearing a striped grey shirt and black pants with a orange backpack flung over one shoulder , anika stanford arrived at leeton police station on thursday morning to meet with police officers . she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son , vincent , and another son , luke . ms stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park , where they discovered ms scott 's burnt remains on april 10 , five days after she went missing . scroll down for video . anika stanford ( pictured ) , the mother of stephanie scott 's accused killer vincent stanford , is assiting police with the murder case against her son . vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with the easter sunday murder of ms scott , who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance aaron leeson-woolley . he will next appear in griffith court by video link on june 4 . stanford moved to the netherlands aged two or three with his mother and brothers , before returning to australia later in his life . the family has lived in the leeton area for just 14 months , where vincent stanford worked as a cleaner at the same school where the much-loved ms scott taught english and drama . when daily mail australia knocked on the door of the stanford 's maiden avenue home on thursday nobody answered , but it was understood two people were inside at the time . ms stanford 's visit to the police station comes after the beloved teacher 's family buried her in an emotional funeral at the venue she was supposed to be married . the touching celebration of the teacher 's life saw hundreds of friends , family , and mourners travel to eugowra’s eat your greens function centre , the place where she was supposed to marry her fiance aaron leeson-woolley . ms stanford was taken back to the home she shares with vincent and brother luke by a detective . the family have lived in leeton ( pictured ) for just 14 months , and previously lived in the netherlands . vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with the murder of ms scott , who was last seen at leeton high school on easter sunday . a memorial service for ms scott , 26 , took place in eugowra in nsw 's central west on wednesday , at the venue where her wedding was due to be held . at the service her sister , kim , shared humorous childhood memories of ms scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was . ' steph never cared what anyone thought of her , ' kim said . ' she had an easy way about her that meant she could get along with anyone . ' mr leeson-woolley looked visibly distressed throughout the service , held just outside the town of eugowra in new south wales ' central west . leeton shire mayor paul maytom told daily mail australia anika stanford had been helpful to police but could not expand on it any more . the pair recently met for coffee and during their conversation earlier this week , cr maytom said he had offered friendship and support to anika . ms stanford met with leeton shire mayor paul maytom ahead of ms scott 's funeral , and offered her condolences to her family and friends . when daily mail australia knocked on the door of the stanford 's home on thursday nobody answered , but it was understood two people were inside at the time . ms scott 's funeral was held on wednesday at eat your greens , where she was supposed to get married . the much-loved school teacher 's fiance aaron leeson-wooley sat between ms scott 's parents robert and merrilyn at the funeral . vincent stanford , pictured here age 11 , is due to appear in court in june . ms scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen 's party in canberra in march with her mother merrilyn . ' i know she has people at work [ to talk to ] but i wanted the community to have that contact with her , and we care about her feelings in this matter , ' he said . ' she has been deeply saddened by this event . ' she feels terrible and was able to vent her condolences through me . ' cr maytom told daily mail australia he had not passed on these sentiments to stephanie scott 's family but intended to do so through a council condolences card . ' [ i will ] make note of the condolence ... at an appropriate time , ' he said . ' the community has been very supportive of my having contact with [ anika , even though they are devastated ] . ' ms scott is survived by her fiance aaron leeson-woolley , and was killed just days before the pair were set to wed . stephanie scott is pictured giggling as a little girl ( far right ) in a sweet photo with her elder sisters robyn and kim , in a photo shared by her sister kim on the eve of her tragic funeral . police were lead to stephanie scott 's remains by the family of her accused killer , vincent stanford . on tuesday the woman 's heartbroken family shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath - as they invited all mourners to ' show their support of our beautiful steph ' for her funeral . ' hi everyone . tomorrow will be stephanie 's funeral… all are welcome to pay your respects , ' wrote stephanie scott 's sister kim on tuesday night . ' she was a beautiful girl and we 'd all love to see you to show your support for her . ' on the same day , the school used social media to reach out to staff , students and parents after their first day back after the school holidays . it had also been the first day on campus without the beloved teacher . ' once again , whenever strength , unity , leadership and integrity is asked of the whole student body , leeton high 's students rise to the challenge , ' they wrote . the school 's facebook admin proceeded to commend the school community for their thoughtfulness after a beautiful , yellow-themed tribute was left for ms scott at the school following her disappearance . ' just like at the fence tribute for stephanie last thursday , you guys were impeccable on this , the toughest of all school days . ' school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with ms scott 's murder and is due to appear in court in june . family and friends grieve a day after ms scott 's remains were found . stephanie scott 's mother ( right ) comforts her daughter 's fiance , aaron leeon-woolley who would have married stephanie that day .  leeton high school made an touching gesture , sending a supportive message to the entire school community to acknowledge the grief they may feel as they face the daunting task of returning to school . stephanie scott ( right ) , pictured with her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley , was last seen on easter sunday . aaron leeson-woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service on the day he had been due to marry the love of his life , stephanie scott .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .