real estate heir and suspected murderer robert durst has sent a bizarre letter to a reporter that shares no details about his alleged crime , but observations about life in los angeles . molly hennessey-fiske , a reporter for the los angeles times who has been covering proceedings against durst , 71 , after his mid-march arrest in louisiana , received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison . the letter , post-marked april 1st in baton rouge , specifically states that durst ' said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' but rambles on about durst 's thoughts on life in southern california . dick deguerin , durst 's lead attorney , said that the letter looked like his client 's handwriting . murder suspect robert durst has sent a bizarre letter , in which he mentions his taste for opera and pro football , to a los angeles times reporter covering his case . molly hennessey-fiske received the letter , which was addressed ' hiya holly ' from a man purporting to be robert durst at a louisiana state prison . durst , who was arrested for the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman last month , pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on thursday . above , he is escorted to prison after his arraignment on march 17 . hennessey-fiske , a veteran reporter for the west coast newspaper , is the outlet 's houston bureau chief and has been covering durst 's legal proceeding . ' bob is his own person and he’s writing letters to people . as long as they’re not discussing the facts or legal plans or strategy , i don’t have any problem with it , ' mr deguerin told the los angeles times . durst , who was heir to a vast real estate empire before becoming estranged from his family , was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend , writer susan berman , in los angeles . his letter to hennessey-fiske , her paper 's houston bureau chief , does not speak about on his impending extradition to california , but touches on various topics of conversation related to los angeles . in sloppy handwritten text with grammar mistakes , durst spoke about places he lived in the city 'part-time ' from 2008 to 2011 . he said he ' hated la traffic , which makes houston look like a small town ' before going on to say that his interests are ' opera and pro football ' . durst began the letter with an apparent mixing up of hennesey-fiske 's first name by writing ' hiya holly ' . hiya holly , i used to read your biline , from 2008-2011 i lived part time in l.a. , i had a great apt in 1100 alta loma and i had bought a great apt complex on brynhurst . sareb kaufman was my broker . i loved watching the traffic come up la cienaga and mush into santa monica , hated l.a. traffic which makes houston seem like a small town . used to breakfast at coffee whatever on sunset . my interests are opera and pro football . your politicos and business leaders have chosen to fight rather than agree to disagree and there was no football . like l.a. opera except for wagner 's ring cycle with the absurd costumes and sloped stage , a true example of hollywood gone berserk . as my minor balance prb . expanded to full blown hydrocephalus , requiring a shunt . i knew if i was going to let some guy drill into my head , there was no place i would be willing to go ahead other than the houston medical center and i left l.a . i have said nothing about charges , crimes or trials . if you decide to used any of this , which is ok , please make the above clear . i am sure you know what your abilities are to visit me when i get to l.a. , which is , if any of this gets published , please copy me . bob . ( grammar and spelling errors throughout ) . durst ( right ) was long thought to be involved in the murder of his friend and confidante susan berman ( left ) before his arrest . he is currently state and federal gun charges before being extradited to california . he blamed the lack of football in la on ' politicos and business leaders ' who ' have chosen to fight rather than agree to disagree ' . the suspect said that he liked the l.a. opera , with the exception of 19th century german composer richard wagner 's the ring cycle , a 15-hour , three part show based on norse legend . durst said that he disliked the ' absurd costumes and sloped stage , a true example of hollywood gone berserk ' . the letter also gives information about the elderly man 's health , and said that he moved from california to texas to ' let some guy drill into my head ' during surgery for what he says is hydrocephalus , water on the brain . last year durst had a shunt on the his head to drain water . handwriting , including that on a 2000 letter to beverly hills police informing them about the dead body of susan berman , is expected to play a part in the case against durst for the murder of his friend . evidence that came to light during the filming of hbo 's the jinx shows similar handwriting to the ' cadaver ' letter on an envelope sent to berman before her death ( left ) . right , another sample of his letter-writing . he also asked to be ' copied ' if any of the information from his letter to hennessey-fiske was published . the millionaire , who gained $ 65 million from a court settlement with his family over his inheritance , was arrested in mid-march at a hotel in new orleans after leaving his home in houston . his life and criminal trials have gained more attention after he was the subject of an hbo documentary series called the jinx , which delved into the berman killing as well as two other deaths to which he is connected . many observers think that the heir also played a role in the disappearance of his wife kathleen mccormack in 1982 and have speculated that he killed his confidante berman so that she did not reveal any information to police . he was found not guilty in 2003 of killing a man who was his neighbor at galveston , texas , house where durst was living and pretending to be a mute woman named dorothy ciner . the hbo documentary series the jinx delved into a letter durst wrote to berman obtained by the victim 's stepson sareb kaufman . durst , seen with the jinx director andrew jarecki , willingly participated in the series , though he was later caught telling himself that he killed all the people he is accused of murdering . durst admitted to chopping up the body of the texas man , morris black , and dumping into galveston bay , but said the killing was in self-defense . the jinx captured footage of durst allegedly admitting to himself that he killed all three people while wearing a still-live microphone . ' killed them all , ' he said while in the bathroom after an interview . durst was recently indicted on weapons charges for the revolver found in his new orleans hotel room , a development that will most likely delay his extradition to california for the berman trial . he is currently staying in the mental ward of state prison and is being held without bail . as a convicted felon he is barred from owning a gun in louisiana , but pleaded not guilty to the charges on thursday . he is also charged with having a gun while in possession of five ounces marijuana and faces up to 30 years in prison in addition to federal firearms charges . the arrest in the berman case , in which durst was long thought to have played a part , came after new evidence from the victim 's stepson was shown as part of the hbo series . the final episode of the jinx ran the day after durst was arrested . durst ( right ) is also thought to have been involved in the disappearance of his first wife kathleen mccormack ( right ) and admitted to killing morris black ( left ) but said it was in self-defense . durst 's lawyer dick deguerin ( pictured in march ) said that he does not mind his client sending letters from prison as long as they do n't give away legal strategy . an episode also focused on a letter to berman from durst obtained by berman 's stepson sareb kaufman , where the handwriting matched a message to police alerting them of the writer 's death . initial los angeles police investigations into the ' cadaver ' letter believed that berman 's manager nyle brenner wrote the message , according to the new york daily news . however the handwriting matches the letter from kaufman , who is mentioned in durst 's recent letter to hennessey-fiske as his broker for an apartment deal , and contained the same spelling mistake of beverly hills as ' beverley hills ' . durst 's lawyer mr deguerin told the los angeles times that the handwriting appeared authentic , but ' it certainly doesn’t look like the cadaver letter ' . the similarities between durst 's previous correspondence and the anonymous letter sent to the beverly hills police is expected to play a role in his trial in california . durst ends his letter to hennessey-fiske by saying that she is probably aware of her ability to visit him once he returns to los angeles .