a 3d printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose after it was left struggling for self confidence following an amputation . ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint . but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb . ozzie the goose has his stump measurements taken as bunnycorp works to design him a new leg . ozzie 's new 3d printed leg ( pictured ) was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly . philip van der walt , director of bunnycorp , said it was a few weeks ago when his company ' got word of a goose with a situation ' . he said : ' he broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint . ' he was lucky as animal lover and rescuer sue burger got hold of him and started nursing him back to health . as time went by he struggled more and more to cope with only one leg resulting in damaged wings and self confidence . ' they considered ending his struggle many times but always decided not to . ' out of desperation , sue managed to get onto the national radio station here and called ( south african broadcaster ) rsg in the hope someone would hear their plea and be able to assist them somehow . ' helen from 3d printing systems contacted me a few days later telling me about someone who is looking for help , as she normally sends us medical related queries . the prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg . after creating specific design files , a 3d printer was used to manufacture the new limb ( pictured ) . ' we soon discovered that it was the same person from the radio . we contacted sue and told her we would look into it and see if we can get something off the ground . ' mr van der walt then gathered up sponsors to help fund what is believed to be the first 3d-printed prosthetic limb for an animal in south africa . he added : ' sue brought the goose to the bunnycorp offices where we took photos and took measurements of the goose 's leg . we explained to them the process and what we had planned and then set a date for the test . ' we started working and came up with a few possible solutions , we are by no means experts on animal prosthetic but we do work with human prosthetic and this did give us some insight on what should work . ' the cad ( computer-aided design ) files where then sent to hybrid advanced geometries to be 3d printed and finished . ' we got together on the 3rd of april and did a fitting test on the goose , the parts fitted perfectly but he was a bit confused about his new leg as he has been without one for about five months . ' he will need some therapy to assist him and close monitoring for a few days . we can then re-look the design and see if any improvements can be made before we 3d print the final product . ' ozzie the goose is able to fly short distances again after the replacement limb allowed him to properly land .