today it 's the norm to order taxis using an app , but now a service lets its users schedule a delivery of drugs to their door . the app , called eaze , has been dubbed ‘ uber for weed’ and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – providing they live in one of the us states where the drug is legal . the californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg , has just raised $ 10 million ( £6.7 million ) so that users can ‘ find the perfect medicine’ in more states . the app , called eaze , has been dubbed ‘ uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – proving they live in one of the us states where the drug is legal . a screenshot from eaze 's website is shown . the sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in alaska , colorado , and washington , with legalised personal use pending in oregon and washington dc . a number of other states , including california and nevada , have decriminalised the drug for medical use . eaze claims to be aimed at people using the drug for medical reasons , to relieve arthritis pain , for example , making the process of buying drugs less risky for customers . ‘ verified patients can order cannabis products through eaze in just a few clicks and receive delivery in about 15 minutes , ’ the start-up said . users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like ( pictured left ) , whether it claims to ‘ stimulate appetite and relieve pain’ or have a ‘ fruity , resinous flavour’ and order thewir chosen drug . the app then gives them an estimated time of delivery ( pictured right ) and instructions on how to pay . the californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg ( pictured ) , has just raised $ 10 million so that users can ‘ find the perfect medicine’ in more states . an app called high there ! which is officially described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts has rolled out globally . the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . at launch two months ago , the app was only available to users in us states that legalised cannabis . users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app tinder . denver-based founder and ceo of high there ! todd mitchem , said that the app doesn’t encourage the sale of marijuana but is simply a social network for people who consider it part of their lifestyle . denver-based founder and ceo of high there ! todd mitchem , had a personal motivation for extending the reach of his app , because his mother used the drug to battle cancer , which mr mitchem claims saved her life . ‘ to you , that mother just like mine , fighting cancer in a state where the stigma still exists around weed , high there ! is here for you , ' he said . users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like , whether it claims to ‘ stimulate appetite and relieve pain’ or have a ‘ fruity , resinous flavour’ . the listings contain descriptions and lab results to help people ‘ find the perfect medicine . for example , it lists the percentage of tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) in the drug , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high , as well as the percentage of cannabidiol ( cbd ) which has been claimed to combat a range of conditions including depression , nausea , psychosis and even cancer . ‘ eaze will dispatch the nearest driver to hand deliver your medicine in minutes , ’ the company said . users can see an estimated time for their delivery and can receive messages as it approaches . they pay by cash upon receipt of the drugs and can review the quality of the cannabis and delivery by rating the driver , who has been verified by the company thanks to background checks . ‘ eaze will use this information to recommend future products and improve the customer experience , ’ the start-up said . the app and website launched in july last year as the ‘ first on-demand application in the newly emerging “ cannabis technology” category – the intersection between the traditional high-tech and legal marijuana industries , ’ according to the company . eaze users pay by cash upon receipt of the drugs and can review the quality of the cannabis and delivery by rating the driver , who has been verified by the company thanks to background checks ( illustrated above ) . it quickly became popular in san francisco , enabling more than 30,000 people who use the drug medically to buy it easily . keith mccarty , founder and ceo , of eaze said : ‘ the new funding enables us to expand rapidly by further developing our technology , building new dispensary partnerships and scaling our team for hyper-growth as we expand nationwide where marijuana is legal . ’ david chao , general partner with dcm ventures , which invested in eaze in november , said : ‘ with public sentiment and public policy aligning to broaden access and the cannabis market surging toward $ 100 billion , we believe there is a huge opportunity as the fast moving technology and cannabis industries intersect . ’ the medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . a box of hemp treats for canines is shown . the medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . hemp is legal and unlike cannabis , contains little tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high . there are a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . research has also suggested that cbd can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . canna companion , based in sultan in washington , uses hemp from the cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . ' due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of cbd , thc and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant , ' the firm said . ' we are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound thc , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ' high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ' we are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . '