she has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about zendaya 's hair style on fashion police . and now giuliana rancic is creating even more fuss as she has dishes on her ex-boyfriend jerry o'connell in her upcoming memoir going off script . on monday the 40-year-old e ! star looked cool and collected , however , as she was seen leaving the trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show appearance . scroll for video ... dishing the details : giuliana rancic looked fantastic as she left the trump international hotel in new york city on monday , just a day before the release of her new tell-all going off script , which details her romance with jerry o'connell . the way they were : rancic has said that o'connell was not faithful ; here they are pictured in 2004 in los angeles . in her memoir , the fashion police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry , who she first met in san diego . their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when giuliana discovered jerry had been cheating on her with geri halliwell , aka ginger spice . in an excerpt obtained by page six , the e ! star wrote of the affair : ' i was being two-timed for one of the lesser spices ? ' pink lady : the tv personality was hard to miss with her bubble gum pink top and white peplum skirt . burberry long heritage trench coat . click to buy it now ! visit site . they say your clothes can tell a thousand stories and that certainly seems to be the case with giuliana latest ensemble . the e ! presenter looked defiantly optimistic in this colourful look , rocking a fuchsia dress with a fluted hem with white louboutins . giuliana finished off the look effortlessly with a burberry trench slung over her shoulders . after the zendaya controversy she 's been embroiled in recently , this outfit seemed to shrug off the negativity in style . we love this trench in particular - a classic burberry number , this chic cover-up will never go out of style and is synonymous with timeless fashion . slung over your shoulders like giuliana or wrapped up and belted , this outerwear will truly stand the test of time ! click right to snap it up now , or head to our edit below for similar picks . from karen millen to vero moda we 've got all budgets covered . vila classic trench coat at asos . visit site . vero moda vmfame trench coat at nelly.com . visit site . michael michael kors trench coat at zappos . visit site . dorothy perkins crepe trench coatv ( now reduced to $ 44 ) . visit site . jerry 's apology did not exactly impress the tv star . ' '' yeah , i know . i’m so sorry . i do n't know what happened . '' he had as much emotion as the customer-service representative who tells you your bags missed the flight , ' she penned . giuliana ended up giving jerry another shot . following her heart : giuliana claims jerry cheated on her with spice girls singer geri halliwell , however she still took him back . their romance turned serious when talks of marriage began , but that quickly changed when jerry began chatting up rebecca at maxim 's 100 hottest women party in 2004 . ' little did i know he was in the vip area , talking up rebecca . as a prelude to feeling up rebecca , ' she wrote . following his encounter with rebecca at the party , jerry became unreachable , and giuliana decided to talk to him face-to-face at his residence . harsh words : rancic detailed jerry 's flippant attitude towards their break-up . moving on : jerry married rebecca romijn in 2007 ; here the couple are pictured in february in los angeles . he sure was busy : jerry also had a fling with geri halliwell from the spice girls ; here she is pictured far left with her band mates victoria beckham , emma bunton , mel b and mel c . there , the actor flippantly dumped her : ' nope . sorry , homegirl ... things change , but you take care , ok ? ' while giuliana 's love life is now going strong with husband bill rancic , the actress has now found herself putting out another fire . just a month earlier giuliana stirred up controversy when she commented on fashion police that zendaya smelled of ' patchouli oil ' or ' weed ' when she arrived to the oscars with dreadlocks . saying her piece : the e ! star aired her side of the fashion police controversy in an interview with today . heartfelt : the tv star confessed ' i do not have an eating disorder ' - nor has she ever - in her today interview . on monday , giuliana - who looked fantastic with a bubble gum pink lace top that was paired with a high-waisted white peplum skirt - talked to the today show about zendaya . ' i made a reference to the hippie culture . i talked about patchouli oil , which is a hippie perfume . and in the editing process , some of the gestures i made , some of the things i said were taken out for time , ' the beauty said . ' i made peace signs , i said `` bohemian '' twice - those were taken out for time . ' visit nbcnews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . ' so when the joke aired , some people were offended by it . i find racism reprehensible . i do n't tolerate it at all . nor have i ever . ' ' i thought that the joke was not edited in a proper way . and that 's just something i have to live with . ' also on the today show , giuliana addressed the criticism she has received for her shrinking waistline . love at last : the star has been married to the apprentice winner bill rancic since 2007 - here the couple are pictured in october in los angeles . ' i do not have an eating disorder . i have never had an eating disorder . i wanted to be very clear about that . in fact , i eat a lot . people always love to tweet : `` eat a burger . '' i eat burgers . it 's not working , ' she told savannah guthrie . giuliana , who had a double mastectomy after revealing she had breast cancer , added : ' but the main thing is i 've lost a considerable amount of weight really in the past year or two due to the cancer medication that i 'm on ... i was eating more than i 've ever eaten , but i was losing weight , and i was scared . i did n't think , this is great . i though , what the heck 's happening to my body ? ' giuliana - who announced last week she was moving to chicago - has also suffered a personal blow in her efforts to add to her family . ' everyone 's been asking us about our last embryo because we would talk about it on our reality show . we had our final shot at having a baby , a biological child ... and unfortunately she did miscarry . it did n't work out . ' the star appeared optimistic when she added : ' but that 's okay , there are other options . i 've always been open to adoption , even before we had issues . so we're definitely looking at our options . giuliana 's new tell-all will be available for purchase on april 7 . 