mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham 's lunchtime lethargy this season on the europa league campaign . of 10 barclays premier league matches kicking off at 12.00 , 12.45 or 1.30 , spurs have won two - against qpr last august and arsenal in february - collecting nine points out of a possible 30 . six of the matches followed europa league games on thursday nights , and spurs lost four of those and drew the other two . harry kane is pictured celebrating for tottenham after scoring in their victory at newcastle last week . christian eriksen is mobbed by his team-mates after netting tottenham 's second goal at newcastle . pochettino , whose side play his former club southampton at 12.45 at st mary 's on saturday , said : ' maybe this is a coincidence . or maybe this is because we play thursday around europe and have no recovery . ' i do n't know . it 's difficult to understand why . maybe it 's because we have played thursday night and spent a lot of energy . ' spurs have fared better in later kick-offs . ' maybe three or four hours more of recovery is better , ' pochettino said . ' that can affect that . ' the argentine dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo lloris , who could return after missing three matches with a knee injury , seeking a move if spurs miss out on the top four this term . ' hugo wants to play the champions league here for tottenham and i think this is a rumour and nothing true , ' added the spurs boss , whose only definite absentee is kyle walker . ' hugo is very happy here and wants to reach the champions league with tottenham . this is his dream . ' hugo lloris will stay at tottenham even if the club fail to qualify for the champions league , says pochettino . pochettino is looking forward to returning to st mary 's with spurs after leaving southampton last summer . the 43-year-old headed a host of departures - including key players and the backroom staff - leaving successor ronald koeman to rebuild . ' we finished last season eighth in the table , ' pochettino said , recalling his time at southampton . ' we played very well and it was the end the project of five years with nicola cortese and markus liebherr . ' we stabilised the club in the premier league and top 10 and i 'm very happy . it was good for southampton because i love the people of southampton , the players . ' koeman has continued to develop the project , or a new project , and it 's a fantastic job and he deserves the praise . ' pochettino is uncertain what reception to expect . ' i do n't expect nothing special , ' he said . ' i love the people at the club , the players , because in one and a half years i enjoyed a lot because it was one of the best periods of my life . '