he has been a colossus of the game . he has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league . in his pomp , he was the stuff of strikers ' nightmares , driving some of the world 's greatest goalscorers to distraction with lightning-sharp reactions and an instinctive reading of the game . that 's why it 's such a shame that what is likely to be rio ferdinand 's farewell year in the english game has fizzled out . rio ferdinand pictured in training at queens park rangers last week . the 36-year-old defender started regularly in the first part of the season but has been unable to hold down his spot in the side . ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr 's premier league campaign before being dropped . ferdinand has enjoyed a fantastic career , winning six premier league titles , but a fairytale finish is unlikely . ferdinand and ryan giggs lift the european cup for manchester united in moscow back in 2008 . ferdinand also won 81 caps for england during his glittering career . he would love to be out there , hunting down and hassling opponents , robbing attackers of the ball , winning the aerial duels , playing his part in queens park rangers ' survival mission . keeping them up would be a fitting curtain call . instead , ferdinand 's season has been one spent on the margins - either suspended , benched or out of the squad altogether . once again , the 36-year-old was forced to watch on from the sidelines as rangers claimed a potentially crucial point away to aston villa on tuesday night . ferdinand had picked up a slight knock and was ruled out . he has played just five times since the start of october - not much of a swansong . on sunday , he posted a twitter picture of a pile of chicken bones after lunch at his mum 's . he had not been involved in the 4-1 win at west brom 24 hours earlier and it weirdly seemed to sum up his peripheral role at the moment . by contrast , ferdinand had started qpr 's first seven games of the campaign , lasting the full 90 minutes in all of them . harry redknapp had grand plans and the best of intentions last summer . having called time on his manchester united career after 12 trophy-laden seasons , ferdinand moved to loftus road in what redknapp described as a ' remarkable coup for the club . ' harry redknapp described ferdinand 's signing last summer as a ' remarkable coup ' for the club . but after initial promise , ferdinand has largely spent the season on the bench . premier league ( 6 ) : 2002-03 , 2006-07 , 2007-08 , 2008-09 , 2010-11 , 2012-13 . fa cup ( 1 ) : 2003-04 . football league cup ( 2 ) : 2005-06 , 2008-09 . fa community shield ( 5 ) : 2003 , 2007 , 2008 , 2011 , 2013 . champions league ( 1 ) : 2007-08 . fifa club world cup ( 1 ) : 2008 . even in his mid-thirties , redknapp believed ferdinand would bring ' quality , class , experience and know-how ' as qpr returned to the top flight . he envisaged ferdinand in a sweeper role , the central pivot of a three-man defence in an in-vogue 3-5-2 system . he would bring all that experience to bear , helping clint hill and steven caulker keep opposition attacks at bay . unfortunately , it just did n't work . in their first seven premier league games of the season , qpr won one , drew one and lost five . they leaked 15 goals and the scale of their task in staying in the top division was clear . ferdinand was demoted to the bench , richard dunne and nedum onuoha were introduced and the dye was cast for the season . his suspension for using the word ' sket ' in a tweet did n't help and by the time that was served , ferdinand was down the pecking order . ferdinand has shown glimpses of his imperious best for qpr this season . but ferdinand 's farewell season in english football has not lived up to his expectations . chris ramsey has played ferdinand on three occasions since taking over from harry redknapp . queens park rangers find themselves two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at aston villa on tuesday . as you would expect , ferdinand has conducted himself like a model professional on the training ground , maintaining his fitness in case he was called upon . and there have been such occasions , notably the 2-0 win at sunderland in february - chris ramsey 's second game in charge after replacing redknapp , that ended qpr 's 11-game losing run on the road . ferdinand may yet be called upon again in the run-in , with qpr sitting two points shy of safety , but the season so far will have fallen short of his hopes and expectations . that fairytale finale , with ferdinand leading an heroic resistance to keep rangers in the premier league , seems unlikely . there are rumours that clubs in the money-soaked qatar stars league are preparing to tempt ferdinand with one final payday but that remains to be seen . for now , rio 's farewell has sadly fallen a bit flat . the fixtures remaining for the bottom six in the barclays premier league . 