these are the shocking scenes as a cyclist in russia narrowly escapes death when a hgv knocks him from his bicycle following a reckless overtaking manoeuvre on a motorway . the cyclist is pedaling in front of his friend past a junction when the truck comes speeding along the inside , clipping the rider and throwing him clear of his bike . the second cyclist does not have any time to react to his friend 's accident and is knocked to the ground after careering into the stricken bicycle . this is the moment a russian truck flies past a cyclist , pictured , on the outskirts of st petersberg . the truck continued along the road for 100 metres before it was stopped by the driver on the hard shoulder . marathon rider ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the st petersburg ring road . bazarov was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the baltic star club when the incident happened . moments before the accident , bazarov made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane , but the truck , which was carrying flour , sounded its horn and flashed by . bazarov was sucked in towards the truck 's trailer and knocked to the ground . the riders had planned to ride from poklonnaya hill , across the vyborg , primorsk and zelenogorsk highways with the planned finish at savushkina street in the city . the truck driver braked heavily as bazorov tumbled along the tarmac where he suffered fractrues . bazorov suffered two fractures to his legs and a pelvic area after the collision in st petersberg . the cyclist cried out in pain due to the serious nature of his injuries suffered during the collision . luckily bazorov bounced clear of the truck 's massive wheels although his bike was badly bent . the video , which has since gone viral on the internet has prompted members of russia 's cycling community to demand the creation of safe areas to ride . bazorov suffered a double fracture to his leg as a result of his accident . the truck 's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres and blamed bazarov for causing the incident . the driver can be heard on the video remarking : ' do n't complain , it 's your own fault . i was driving normally , bro ! ' fellow rider paul gavrilov , 35 , said : ' this accident should have been avoided because he could have been killed . if there were better cycle ways and proper access to the ones that exist it would make it safer . ' 