tesco is close to ditching the last of the private jets used by its top executives after an accounting scandal that sparked the biggest crisis in its 95-year history . britain’s biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses , but after a disastrous year new chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale . four have been sold and the final one , a hawker 800 , will be gone by the end of next month . a similar plane can cost up to £67,000 to charter . tesco 's old gulfstream 550 , worth around £30 million , that was capable of flying 14 executives at a time . just days ago , tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old , gulfstream 550 , worth around £30million new . it was capable of flying 14 executives at a time . with a top speed of 580mph , powered by two rolls-royce engines , it was the height of luxury , kitted out with dvd players , widescreen tvs and a bar . it even had cabins allowing executives to sleep in full-sized beds on longer journeys to america and asia . mr lewis hopes the sale of the fleet will draw a line under a difficult year in which tesco lurched from crisis to crisis , including a fraud investigation into after a £263million black hole emerged in its accounts . the supermarket haemorrhaged senior staff losing its chairman , chief executive and finance director while being hit hard by competition from german discounters aldi and lidl , who have stolen customers . in september lewis was parachuted in from consumer goods giant unilever . however less than four weeks after informing the city he no longer wanted to maintain the fleet , lewis could not resist hopping onto a private jet to visit seven locations in asia in four days . a spokesman said : ‘ in october we said we would dispose of the five aircraft we operated . the last aircraft will be handed back by the end of may at the latest . tesco spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012 . ‘ the aircraft have not been used by tesco since december . in future we will use chartered aircraft only if there is a compelling business justification and travel can not be completed by scheduled airline . ’ between 2005 and 2012 the firm has spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world . previous chief executive sir terry leahy has been reported as saying he preferred flights with easyjet than flying on private jets but still managed to spend £2.3 million on the planes in 2009 . the bill increased dramatically under the management of former boss phil clarke . in february 2011 under the tenure of clarke it had jumped to £8.9 million . a brand new gulfstream was delivered and sold almost immediately in november along with a cessna citation and another hawker .