a photographer has turned typical british locations including parks , villages and beaches into their own , individual planets with mind-bending 360 -degree photographs . anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in liverpool , mudeford beach and durdle door in dorset , burley village in the new forest and north wales , among others . once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image . he said : ' i spin around three times until i 've captured as much of my surroundings as i can , from floor to sky . ' finding the right location can come down to lots of elements , but for me it 's mostly opportunity . usually an open space with an interesting landscape and not too much movement . ' he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together . mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness . he said : ' in the last few years my health has taken a down turn with a diagnosis of ulcerative pan colitis , an unpleasant but manageable autoimmune disease . ' keeping myself artistically occupied has been important . it 's given me a reason to teach myself more intricate editing techniques . ' scroll down for video . photographer anthony barbour takes his camera with him whenever he goes and spends hours taking these surreal pictures and carefully editing them together . ( pictured left beach hut world , mudeford beach , dorset and right , hale light house , in liverpool ) . the lion ball - this picture taken outside st georges hall in liverpool has been stitched together to create a tiny and compact ' planet ' . brass band stand in sefton park . once he finds the right location mr barbour spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking 50 pictures . ever green , sefton park . mr barbour uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the pictures . prehistoric stone circle , in avebury , wiltshire . once mr barbour has 50 pictures he uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together . a waterfall in the village of killin in scotland . the fantastic images are each 360-degree shots which makes them look like individual planets . burley ball , the centre of burley village . mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness . liverpool one shopping centre . he spins around three times while taking the picures until he captured as much of his surroundings as he can . durdle door on the jurassic coast in dorset . mr barbour said he likes to photograph interesting landscapes without much movement . snowy spring , birdlip , gloucestershire . the pictures are painstakingly stitched together in an intricate editing technique using photoshop . st georges hall in liverpool . mr barbour says keeping himself artistically occupied has been important for dealing with a recent illness . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video .