an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast , el chupacabra . vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ' little toes ' and ' hair on its tail ' . in a bid to document the unusual-looking beast , she whipped out her camera phone . scroll down for video . caught on camera : an oklahoma woman believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood sucking beast , el chupacabra ( above ) . the restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter . ' i know it 's something logical , ' thedford said , ' i know it 's not an alien , i know it 's not bigfoot 's aborted child , like people are coming up with . ' desperate to unravel the mystery , thedford revisited the dead animal . as the flesh had rotted away , she took the remaining bones with her . strange encounter : vonda thedford , 55 , told fox news that she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . she noted that although the area stunk of death , there were strangely no flies or maggots around . wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told fox news the bones appear to be from a young dog . however , thedford insists she stumbled across something far more sinister . ' i lived a long time in new mexico and they call it the ‘ chupacabra ' out there so that 's what we 've been calling it . ' the legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in puerto rico , where many local farmers claimed to have seen the animal after finding their livestock had been killed . left behind : desperate to unravel the mystery , thedford revisited the dead animal - as the flesh had rotted away , she took the remaining bones with her . bizarre discovery : thedford says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter . explanation : wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told fox news they appear to be from a young dog . sightings of the animal have been reported throughout mexico and much of the us , particularly in the southwest , where it is usually determined that suspected chupacabras are just emaciated , sickly coyotes . the description of the chupacabra varies , but typically those who claim to see the animal describe it as being about the size of a small bear , with a row of spines along its back . in 2004 , a rancher near san antonio killed a supposed chupacabra that he claimed had been killing his livestock . dna from the animal later revealed that it was a coyote with demodectic or sarcoptic mange . in a dozen other cases where the suspected chupacabra 's body has been discovered , dna testing showed that the animal was some sort of wild canine with severe skin disorders , particularly mange . legend of el chupacabra . the word comes from two spanish words - ' chupar ' , to suck , and ' cabra ' , goat . the first reported sighting was in 1995 , when eight sheep were found dead in puerto rico with identical puncture wounds to the chest and completely drained of blood . thus , the legend of the livestock killing , vampire-like chupacabra was born . since then , the legendary beast has been spotted across the americas and even the world . a mexican incident where 35 sheep were found mysteriously dead was blamed on el chupacabra in 2012 . earlier this year , yet another mississippi sighting came when a leake county man actually shot and killed what he claimed was el chupacabra . even a belarusian town had a chupacabra sighting this past july . science attempts to explain . scientists often speculate that hairless creatures believed to be el chupacabra are actually wildlife like coyotes , foxes , and stray dogs infested with parasites . most commonly pointed to is the parasite sarcoptes scabiei , which causes mange . mange is a painful , potentially life threatening condition which can cause complete hair loss in mammals and can also cause their skin to shrivel , making for an even more ghoulish looking beast . in humans , sarcoptes scabiei causes scabies and a consequent itchy , painful rash as the parasites burrow around , leaving their feces under the skin . ' goat sucker ' : the legend of el chupacabra likely originates from a 1995 case in puerto rico where 8 sheep were found dead with puncture wounds . it has been described as hairless , or as having spines along its back , and as having blue or red eyes .