wolf hall writer hilary mantel 's award-winning second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed for the american stage . the bestselling author , who once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its bbc debut , has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway . in preparation , the title of her second book bring up the bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler ' wolf hall ii ' . booker prize award-winner mantel , who has been reworking mike poulton 's stage version , has also cut ' a lot of repetition' to create a tighter , better play . scroll down for video . the bestselling author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway ( pictured is ben miles as thomas cromwell and lydia leonard as anne boleyn ) . with more than 1,000 pages of historical drama , the story of the rise and fall of thomas cromwell - who goes from a blacksmith 's son to one of the most powerful men in tudor court - was never a simple read . the plays , produced by the royal shakespeare company and london 's playful productions , will open at the winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow and features the original british cast as well as director jermey herrin . and mantel is convinced it will be a hit on broadway . warning : hilary mantel said she believed that the broadway version of her books will be a hit . the british cast , including miles as thomas cromwell and paul jesson as cardinal wolsey , will be going over to the u.s. as they prepare for the broadway adaption which opens tomorrow . nathaniel parker , who won an olivier award for his role as henry viii in the stage version of wall hall , told the evening standard : ' the play is better now than it was in london . ' hilary has had a go at re-working it and she 's cut a lot of repetition out and brought in her own words . ' i think audiences will love it . ' the story was recently brought to the small screen in the bbc adaption starring damian lewis as henry viii and mark rylance as his adviror thomas cromwell . the mini-series received rave reviews when it aired earlier this year , and was dubbed bbc 2 's most successful drama in a decade after drawing in four million viewers . critics praised its story , acting and historical accuracy as makers went to such great lengths to recreate the tudor period they used only candlelight to illuminate night-time scenes , filmed on location using special cameras . actor damian lewis played henry viii in the hit television adaptation on bbc of mantel 's award-winning story . mantel , who saw sales of her books boosted by the adaptation , had said ahead of the bbc version that she refused to ' dumb down ' to suit a broad television audience . the author had warned the adaption was ' complex ' , and she would not reduce it to 'clichés and over-simplifications ' . the plays , written by mike poulton , sold out at stratford-upon-avon and quickly transferred to london , where they received critical raves , broke box office records and triumphed as the west end 's biggest hit plays . reprising their performances from the london production , ben miles as cromwell , nathaniel parker as henry viii and lydia leonard as anne boleyn will be going over to broadway . mantel is currently writing her third novel in the cromwell trilogy titled the mirror and the light .