hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in north korea 's pyongyang marathon - perhaps the most isolated international sporting event in the world . around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers . the event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un . one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus ( far left ) a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland ran in the full amateur marathon . charles kobold , a cable tv installation guy from the state of wyoming , took gold in the 10km race . there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants . foreign professionals were not allowed to take part . last year will marks , the british man who won the amateur half marathon category , revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos . photography was also forbidden , but many runners flouted the rule . photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from koryo tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones . one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus , a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland who ran the full amateur marathon , told mailonline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial . charles kobold , a cable tv installation guy from the state of wyoming , took gold in the 10km race . the event starts and finishes at the rungnado may day stadium or kim il sung stadium ( pictured ) every year . local entrants to the pyongyang marathon were joined this year by hundreds of runners from across the world . runners praised the jovial atmosphere as thousands of supporters turned out to cheer them on . ‘ i did feel like i was in a bit of a bubble , ’ he said . ‘ the north koreans were very friendly during the run but outside of it there was a marked change . they were very cautious about interacting with us , whereas it felt like during the marathon they were allowed [ to interact more freely ] . ‘ our cameras were confiscated by our tour guides – although they asked us for them very politely . ‘ although , like last year , some people managed to get through with cameras anyway . ’ he added that alongside the thousands of supporters who came out to cheer them on was a huge number of soldiers strategically positioned to ensure that no-one stepped out of line or saw anything they were n't supposed to . ‘ the soldiers were stern and restrained in their actions but even they cracked the occasional smile , ’ said mr erasmus . ‘ their presence was everywhere – you could always see the uniform . ‘ when i was running i noticed that they were positioned in places that could be deemed sensitive . for example , i saw three soldiers standing by an entrance to a construction site . they don’t like you photographing or even seeing construction . ’ this year saw around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , join in the pyongyang marathon . entrants were ran past north korean monuments on during the marathon , such as the arch of triumph . photographs of this year 's event were submitted by people from koryo tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones . around 5,000 westerners visit north korea every year . all tourists face tight restrictions and must be accompanied by guides who work for state-owned companies . free roaming is banned . in february authorities announced that the marathon would be closed to foreigners due to north korea’s borders being closed to keep out ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country . they reversed their decision shortly afterwards . mr kobold , a 30 year-old cable tv installation worker from the city of casper , won the 10km amateur race in the isolated country with a time of 40 minutes and 20 seconds . speaking to mailonline after the winners’ ceremony that took place in front of thousands of north koreans in pyongyang’s kim il sung stadium , he described how he came second in last year’s 10km run . back then he fainted due to exhaustion before picking up his medal , but he had no such problems this time round . 2014 winner : british runner will marks triumphed in the north korean half marathon after the event was opened to foreigners for the first time last year . photography was also forbidden at the marathon and other races but many runners flouted the rule . one of this year 's entrants told mailonline he was aware of being constantly watched but said the atmosphere remained jovial . ‘ i only did the 10km run but i felt like a million dollars – i had 50,000 locals cheering me on in the stadium , ’ he said . he added , ‘ a lovely korean woman in traditional dress gave me a porcelain vase , which was instead of the medals they gave out last year . it’s pretty big , it’ll have to be my carry-on luggage when i go back to the us . ’ the race , named the mangyongdae prize international marathon after the late north korea leader kim il sung’s birthplace , gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of pyongyang , which is home to the country’s elite classes . thousands of locals came out in force to cheer them on . ‘ there was a festival atmosphere – there were so many people waving and shouting “ hurry up ! ” in korean to me , ’ said mr kobold . he added , ‘ i was high-fiving so many people . by the end my arms were in such pain from doing it , i couldn’t even wave to any more supporters . ’ the marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to north korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country . it gave foreigners the rare chance to run through the streets of pyongyang , which is home to the country’s elite classes . a young runner takes a well-earned rest after competing in the event which also had categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants . the race , named the mangyongdae prize international marathon after the late north korea leader kim il sung’s birthplace . the marathon trip , like all other heavily-vetted tourist trips to north korea , gave foreigners a sanitised view of the country . founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un . it offered no glimpse of the horrors that allegedly exist outside the version of north korea authorities allow outsiders to see . human rights groups claim that torture , infanticide and oppression characterise kim’s dictatorship and are kept from view . but simon cockerell , general manager of koryo tours , the tour firm that mr kobold travelled with , told mailonline that events such as the marathon were good for increasing interaction with the culturally-isolated country . ‘it’s a good thing because anything that has foreigners interacting , even in the simplest way such as high-fiving , is positive , ’ he said . he added , ‘ at this marathon any interactions were fleeting . but it was a spectacle and an opportunity for the locals to see hundreds of foreigners and for foreigners to see thousands of north koreans . ’ during his 10km race mr kobold ran past landmarks such as the imposing arch of triumph and statues of late north korean leaders kim il sung and kim jong il . he is staying in the yanggakdo international hotel before returning home . despite kim’s hatred of the us , and the fact that anti-us rallies regularly take place in pyongyang , mr kobold found that western comforts were available in the hotel . ‘ you can easily buy coca cola there , ’ he said . ‘ and i was pleasantly surprised to find milka chocolate , which is originally from germany , available . ’ however , he said he was more likely to indulge in a few glasses of the local beer , taedonggang , to celebrate his victory . ‘i’ve been enjoying it – it’s a little spicy but it’d stand up to a pint of worthington’s , ’ he said . runners , in matching red tracksuits , lined up for the race which was closed to foreigners due to north korea’s borders being closed to keep out ebola , despite no cases of the disease being reported in the country . they reversed their decision shortly afterwards . runners ran along the streets and past landmarks such as the imposing arch of triumph and statues of late north korean leaders kim il sung and kim jong il . a man holds up a sign to help direct the runners in the 10km amateur race during today's pyongyang marathon . a poster advertises the race in north korea - possibly one of the most remote in the world - which was only opened to foreigners last year .