a devoted father was killed when a deer crashed through the windshield of the family car as he rushed his pregnant wife to hospital for the birth of their eighth child . michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin . his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries . scroll down for video . niki rogan ( center ) and her eight children attended mass on sunday , just two days after the accident that killed her husband michael . following the service newborn blaise was baptised . rogan was rushing his wife to hospital for the birth of the eighth child , with all seven other children in the vehicle , when a deer hit by another car flew through their windshield . rogan was pronounced dead at st. joseph’s hospital in the town of marshfield . niki , who managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact , gave birth a few hours later to a son , blaise . the accident occurred when the deer was hit by another vehicle and thrown into the windshield of the van rogan was driving . friends set up a gofundme account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses . within three days almost $ 190,000 has been raised . rogan , 42 , was a devout churchgoer and former marine , and ran an organic seed business . niki home-schools the children and the money will allow her to continue to do so , while also replacing the van and covering the family’s medical expenses . rogan , originally from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , married niki in 1998 . he was a member of st. mary’s oratory in wausau , as well as the church choir and the holy name society . he would go to services about three times a week . the family attended mass on sunday as they always do , and a baptism for blaise was held afterwards . ‘ it was a very teary morning , ’ reverend aaron huberfeld of st. mary 's oratory told the wausau daily herald . niki had called huberfield on the morning of the crash and he had rushed to the hospital to be with them . he said that the family is doing ‘ amazingly well’ , given the circumstances . for eight years rogan owned and operated arnie’s farm care , an organic seed and fertilizer business , which he took over from his father-in-law after he passed away . family and friends have stepped in to keep the business going . video courtesy waow .