bird numbers have dramatically declined in fukushima , research has revealed . scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident . they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today . researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima ( shown after the disaster in 2011 ) . the barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens . this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds . the research , published in the journal of ornithology , was carried out by scientists at the university of south carolina including biologist dr tim mousseau . they showed that the situation has steadily worsened since the disaster on 11 march 2011 . on that day , just over four years ago , japan’s fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant was heavily damaged by an earthquake and its resultant tsunami . the fukushima nuclear disaster was a failure at the fukushima i nuclear power plant on 11 march 2011 . it was caused when the plant was hit by a tsunami , triggered by the 9.0 tohoku earthquake . this led to three of the plant’s six nuclear reactors going into meltdown and releasing radioactive materials . reports claim the soil and water in the region still contains high levels of radiation which makes the clean-up effort difficult . a total of 300,000 people evacuated the fukushima area on the east coast and 15,884 people died due to the earthquake and tsunami . many populations were found to have diminished in number as a result of the accident , with several species suffering dramatic declines . one of the most hard-hit species is the barn swallow , hirundo rustica , which suffered large population losses due to radiation exposure . ‘ we know that there were hundreds in a given area before the disaster , and just a couple of years later we 're only able to find a few dozen left , ’ said dr mousseau . ‘ the declines have been really dramatic . ’ and while background radiation has declined in the region in recent years , the negative effects of the accident on birds are actually increasing . ‘ the relationship between radiation and numbers started off negative the first summer , but the strength of the relationship has actually increased each year , ’ dr mousseau said . ‘ so now we see this really striking drop-off in numbers of birds as well as numbers of species of birds . ‘ so both the biodiversity and the abundance are showing dramatic impacts in these areas with higher radiation levels , even as the levels are declining . ’ dr tim mousseau and his team made the findings using thermoluminescent detectors , which use gamma-radiation-sensitive crystals ( shown ) to measure radiation doses in individual subjects living in the wild . one hard-hit species was the barn swallow ( stock image shown ) , hirundo rustica , which suffered large population losses due to radiation exposure . the team are hoping to get information on what the future holds for fukushima from the chernobyl site , which was the scene of a devastating release of radioactive materials in ukraine in 1986 . one difference noticed so far is that migratory birds fared worse in chernobyl , whereas it was year-round residents that were doing worse at fukushima . this could be due to differences in dna repair capabilities for migratory species as a result of flapping their wings - which lowers their antioxidant levels and makes them more vulnerable to radiation . the fukushima nuclear disaster was a failure at the fukushima i nuclear power plant on 11 march 2011 . it was caused when the plant was hit by a tsunami , triggered by the 9.0 tohoku earthquake . shown are radiation levels immediately after the accident in 2011 .