alex hales claims he is still waiting for a ' proper crack ' at one-day international cricket . the big-hitting top-order batsman has nine england caps to date , since his debut against india last august . but after opening alongside alastair cook four times in that series defeat , hales has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches - including at the world cup - and has batted instead at number three on three occasions . alex hales is hoping for a ' proper crack ' at one-day international cricket with england . the 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when england resume their odi schedule this summer . asked if he thinks he has had little of that so far , he told the guardian : ' honestly , yes i do . ' i do n't feel like i 've had a proper crack at it yet . ' i played the back-end of last summer against india , did okay without setting the world alight - and since then , it has been the odd game , coming in , dropping out again . ' hales was his own critic , after making an encouraging 40 on debut in cardiff . since the series against india last august , hales has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches . he admitted back then , before his second innings , that india 's seamers had limited his strokeplay , claiming : ' they were just very cunning . once i got past 30 , they were one step ahead of me . ' so it 's up to me to put that right , and have that game smartness . ' nonetheless , he takes issue with the theory that he has been ' worked out ' already at odi level . he added : ' i read the press and saw the stuff about ' bringing the ball back in ' and that i had been worked out - i got bowled once by bhuvneshwar kumar with an inswinger . ' that 's not being worked out - that 's a good delivery . ' nottinghamshire big-hitter hales was run out last sunday as his county battled to draw against middlesex . moeen ali was preferred at the top of the order , alongside cook in the series defeat in sri lanka and then with ian bell at the world cup . ' getting the news at the start of that sri lanka tour that i was n't going to get first crack dented my confidence quite a bit , ' said hales . ' maybe i let it affect me in a negative way . ' i am still learning my game , but i would definitely not say i have been `` worked out '' . '