the wild oats project . by robin rinaldi . ( hodder £14.99 ) at the age of 42 , san francisco-based journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed- for child . the pregnancy test turned out to be wrong , but her husband scott wasn’t taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy . rinaldi’s response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months . she’s now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout . robin rinaldi ( pictured ) demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott after he had a vasectomy . when they met , 17 years earlier , rinaldi wasn’t sure she wanted kids . as her biological clock began ticking louder , though , a child came to embody the solution to all sorts of problems . it would strengthen their marriage of opposites , help her finally overcome a troubled childhood as the daughter of an alcoholic bookie and give her life a sense of purpose . her husband , meanwhile , was adamantly against it from the start . for reasons she never quite gets to the bottom of , he has no desire ever to become a father . she depicts him as stable and stoic but , frankly , he sounds a bit of a cold fish , spending much of his spare time making mead , keeping a file on his laptop entitled my world view and refusing to look her in the eye during sex . after his vasectomy , rinaldi’s discontent settles onto her failure to sleep around when she was single . ‘ i refuse to go to my grave with no children and only four lovers , ’ she declares . ‘ if i can’t have one , i must have the other . ’ promiscuity , she’s certain , will enable her to look back from her deathbed and feel she’s lived . instead of ending her marriage , she strikes a bargain that seems to give her the best of both worlds . during the week , rinaldi lives in a rented studio , free to have as much casual sex as she likes . she picks up men on business trips , places ‘ good girl seeks experience’ ads online and , eventually , gravitates to an urban sex commune , where very hands-on orgasmic meditation is practised twice daily . come the weekend , she returns to scott and their cat cleo — no questions asked . reading about her wild oats project , it’s hard to know what’s more astonishing — that scott ever agreed to this 5:2 open marriage or that rinaldi thought it could possibly solve anything . full disclosure : some years ago , i published a memoir about my own year-long experiment — with chastity . afterwards , several people told me i should write a follow-up in which i did the exact opposite . i assumed they were joking , but that’s more or less precisely what rinaldi has done . not that it isn’t titillating stuff — at least to begin with . what she craves most especially is dirty talk , and she gives as good as she gets . there’s no hint of coyness as she details every sexual act she participates in along the way . as it gets steamier , her prose flushes a deep purple . there’s also some truly terrible dialogue . ‘ hmmm , ’ she says , after being given technique tips by a 23-year-old she’s just slept with . ‘ roger that . ’ reading about another person’s orgasms turns out to be just as dull as flipping through their dream journal . of her 12 partners , most are younger and two are women , one of whom agrees to a threesome . yet they soon start to merge . this is california , and every other lover seems to be a vegan or a healer or a vegan healer . they strum her songs they’ve written as she fries them soya sausages . only one of them really gets to her . alden is a writer in his late-30s . they meet online and quickly tumble into bed . ‘ in his sheets , i uncovered women who had lain dormant in me for years , ’ she trills . he tells her she’s a goddess and that he worships her — until he ends it , abruptly . later , when rinaldi’s year is up and she finds herself back living full-time with scott , trying to patch up their — you guessed it — deeply fractured intimacy , it’s an email from alden that finally derails everything . as more women cross childless into middle-age , there’s undoubtedly a book to be written about their journey . this is not it . in fact , rinaldi seems able to define herself solely in relation to her fertility and her allure to men . so much for her feminism . to be fair , it isn’t entirely devoid of self-criticism . narcissistic , naïve , unfair : these are all words she applies to herself at various moments . but , in addition to being myopically self-absorbed , this is also a sad book . by the time you reach the end , any gains she’s made are balanced by some considerable losses . and then there’s the book’s dedication . to ruby , it reads — ruby being the name she planned to give the child she’s now unlikely ever to have .