judge nigel cadbury , who prompted outrage by suggesting murdered student nurse karen buckley had put herself in danger by drinking on a night out . a judge has suggested that a student who was murdered after a night out with friends had ‘ put herself in a vulnerable position’ . the controversial comments came after karen buckley’s remains were found dumped in a field . district judge nigel cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol . friends of miss buckley , who was studying occupational therapy at glasgow caledonian university , have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club . cctv shows her walking from the sanctuary nightclub . from there , she went to a man’s flat in kelvinside , glasgow . after a four-day hunt , her body was found at a farm on april 16 . speaking at worcester magistrates’ court the following day , mr cadbury implied miss buckley had been drinking heavily on the night of her death . scroll down for video . referencing karen buckley , judge cadbury said : ' it 's very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions ' - prompting anger from domestic abuse and rape charities . university student karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow . judge cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death , but her friends say she only had a few drinks . sentencing leanne roberts , 21 , who had assaulted someone outside a bar , he said : ‘ i find it incredible that young people can get so drunk that they don’t even know who they’re with . ' one only has to think about the horrible situation in glasgow to see how serious this could have been . 'it’s very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions . ’ last night , campaigners branded his comments ‘insensitive’ . katie russell , of the charity rape crisis , said : ‘ it was wholly inappropriate , irrelevant and insensitive to make reference to the murder of karen buckley in this context and the timing of these comments was particularly distasteful . ‘ of course it’s not unreasonable to advise young people , or indeed people of any age , not to drink alcohol to excess … but for a senior figure within the legal system to talk so specifically about young girls “ making themselves vulnerable” in relation to gender-based violence … with specific reference to a recent murder , is unhelpful . ’ she added : ‘ this reinforces the false notion that it is ultimately victims and potential victims who have the power and responsibility to prevent violence against women and girls . ' in fact , only the perpetrators , who are mostly men , are to blame for violence against women and girls … and only they ultimately have the power to end it . ’ miss buckley 's body was found on a farm north of glasgow . women 's rights campaigners have said judge cadbury 's comments as ' unhelpful ' and making it seems like ' sexual violence is in some way inevitable ' . sarah green , of campaign group end violence against women , said : ‘ district judge nigel cadbury seems to be perpetuating the idea that young women drinking alcohol put themselves at risk of attack . ‘ even if it is not meant , this implies sexual violence is in some way inevitable and it is women’s responsibility to avoid it . it makes the perpetrators of these crimes all but invisible . ’ she added that focus should be shifted ‘ to the men who choose to commit these crimes – because violence against women is not inevitable . we must start asking who commits rape and why … and what can we do to deter it . ’ during the sentencing , the court heard roberts , of ombersley , worcestershire , had punched a woman outside a bar . she was given a six-month community order and a six-week curfew . mr cadbury said : ‘ there is a drinking problem because she [ roberts ] can’t remember what she did … i am sure you are now aware of how vulnerable you made yourself . ’ alexander pacteau , 21 , has appeared in court charged with the murder of miss buckley and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . it is not the first time judge cadbury , who lives in a £600,000 farm cottage in rural worcestershire , has made controversial comments in court . he previously refused to sentence a thief who siphoned off oil from a small village hall because he feared he might ' overreact ' . he said : ' my wife is on a small village hall committee . i feel very strongly about this sort of behaviour . ' i feel i would overreact and consider that he should undoubtedly go to prison for this . it would be wrong for me to sentence him . i may be seen to be biased . ' the case was eventually transferred to another bench for sentencing . judge cadbury is a descendant of cadbury 's founder , john cadbury , the businessman who set up the famous chocolate firm in the early 19th century . he is believed to have a daughter and two sons . in 2011 , was appointed a trustee of the bournville village trust , which helps manage the model village set up by the cadbury family for its workers . he has also worked as a trustee of the edward cadbury charitable trust , which funds music , education and training in the midlands . miss buckley disappeared from the sanctuary nightclub , glasgow . a man has been charged with her murder . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .