a busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons , colouring in a child 's book , taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task . there 's nothing unusual about that , you might think , except there 's not a child in sight ... and the mum is simply colouring in because she wants to . grown ups reaching for the crayons is a new global trend it seems , as adults say they 're attracted to the creativity that colouring in affords . scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden . the follow-up , enchanted forest , is expected to do just as well . art and flowers : the book is the most popular in its genre and has now been translated into 22 languages . if you needed any proof , then browsing amazon 's bestseller list offers it . a book called secret garden by scottish illustrator johanna basford , which includes 96 pages of black-and-white drawings has sold more than 1.4million copies and is riding high in the bestsellers chart . so far , it 's been translated into 22 different languages . the new york times has even reported on 'colouring-in groups ' , where grown-ups meet , as if they were in a knitting circle or book club , just to neatly daub colour on the right side of lines together . the arty fad is said to have started in france , where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity . adult colouring-in titles are now said to be outselling cook books in the country , no mean feat for a destination that holds gastronomy so close to its heart . the allure is said to be the unadulterated pleasure of doing something for no purpose other than to enjoy the practice of colouring and staying within the lines . according to experts , it 's a kickback against the stresses of modern life and technology , where everything , even leisure time has to be in some way useful or aspirational . the images in basford 's book are not particularly adult in theme , they depict scenes of both nature and fantasy . basford , 31 , told the times : ' colouring in appeals to people because it’s a chance to do an analogue activity that’s not on a screen . everyone is creative deep down but as you get older you get less confident in your abilities . ' the artist 's second book , enchanted forest , is showing all signs of eclipsing the success of her first work . basford says her success is down to people resisting modern technology in their leisure time . she says : ' colouring in appeals to people because it’s a chance to do an analogue activity that’s not on a screen ' . in australia , colouring-in circles have emerged , such is the pursuit 's current popularity . one crayon fantatic jenny keane told the sydney morning herald that she even enjoys colouring in with her husband : ' during the week some people like to go to the bar to decompress , whereas my husband and i like to sit down together and just colour . ' she adds : ' i ca n't draw but i like to use my hands to get creative . some people might use yoga or running but colouring for me is my sense of peace . ' a study in the us in 2012 found that colouring in reduced anxiety among university students .                 