families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in nepal , although information is starting to trickle through , with the heartwarming news that ballantyne forder is safe . the natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others . around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region . the family of 20-year-old perth volunteer ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign , making headlines as they pleaded for help to find ms forder , who had been working in an orphanage in kathmandu . finally , to her loved ones ' immense relief , ms forder was able to make contact with her family on sunday night ( aest ) . scroll down for video . zachary sheridan ( left ) is believed to be missing after a devastating earthquake rocked nepal . actor hugh sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother . packed to the rafters star hugh sheridan pictured with actor john travolta ( left ) . at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp but it 's not known whether any australians were among the group . australian actor hugh sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother zachary who is missing at mount everest following a deadly avalanche . ' please . anyone who is awake , please pray for my little brother zachary who is on mt everest , i 'd appreciate every prayer you have spare x , ' the packed to the rafters star tweeted . his 20-year-old brother , from adelaide , was last contacted four days ago . several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on facebook and twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones . among them are 18-year-old liam oliver , from victoria and his aunt dianne joy coburn , 59 , who are believed to be missing following the quake , abc reports . liams ' brother darcy oliver has posted on twitter , saying he is searching for more information about his sibling , who was travelling from change in nepal 's east to dharpani on the annapurna circuit . he said he does n't know where his aunt was when the quake struck on saturday . liam oliver , 18 , from victoria , and his aunt dianne joy coburn , 59 , who are believed to be missing . liams ' brother darcy oliver has posted on twitter , saying he is searching for more information . justin pomella , from melbourne , was last contacted on friday when he was at swayambhunath temple in kathmandu . his cousin lauren caruana has posted a facebook appeal along with photographs of justin during his travels in a bid to find any information . the post has been shared more than 300 times . ' if anyone has any information , please let me know as your help would be much appreciated , ' she wrote . sydney business owner matthew graves was last contacted two days ago . just hours before the quake , the 24-year-old posted a series of travelling photos in pokhara , captioning ' the nepali lifestyle ' . his brother , mitch graves , is at home in sydney waiting for news while their parents are overseas in america . ' it 's a bit of a struggle trying to communicate to everyone . it is a waiting game at the moment , ' he told aap . victorian reserve grade football player richard jaroszczuk , 22 , is believed to be missing from base camp at mount everest . justin pomella , from melbourne , was last contacted on friday when he was in kathmandu . sydney resident matthew graves ( left ) and richard jaroszczuk ( right ) believed to be missing in nepal . perth woman ballantyne forder , 20 , who had been reported missing , has made contact via facebook to the relief of her loved ones . she 's believed to have been working in an orphanage in kathmandu at the time of the quake . her family launched a desperate search to find her , posting information across social media in the hopes someone can provide them with information . her tasmanian-based sister , amanda-sue markham , shared a number of pictures on twitter and made a plea for help , saying the family has yet to hear from the 20-year-old . ' my sister at centre of earthquake was working in a baby 's orphanage , ' she said . ' last heard of nine hours ago . if you know how to pray , please do so for the safety of my sister . ' ms markham also told the nine network : ' we 're trying not to get too worried but of course the pictures that are emerging out of nepal - we 're trying not to look at them . ' she was due to return home to australia on wednesday . ' it 's her 21st birthday on the third of may . she was coming home for her 21st birthday so we really would like to celebrate with her . we just need to get her home . ' perth woman ballantyne forder , 20 , who was working in a number of orphanages when the earthquake hit . ballantyne forder 's family launched a desperate search to find her , posting information across social media . ms forder 's sister said she has ' been over there working at baby orphanages for seven weeks . she gave everything up to over there and help the kids ' . ms forder was due to return home to australia at the end of may . another sister , priscilla-anne forder said the family was desperate for news . ' she 's been in kathmandu and pokhara but we do n't know where exactly she is right now , ' ms forder told news corp australia . ' the family is sitting around the computer trying to get in touch and just looking for information . ' she 's been over there working at baby orphanages for seven weeks . she gave everything up to over there and help the kids . ' officials have confirmed about 100 new zealanders in nepal are safe but are still trying to reach other kiwis in the affected areas . efforts are being hampered by disrupted communication networks , the new zealand ministry of foreign affairs and trade says . a new zealand everest climbing team is safe at camp one as is a group at mera peak in lukla , says nz high altitude expedition company adventure consultants . collapsed buildings after an earthquake in kathmand earthquake hits nepal on saturday . a man is pulled from the rubble of a building destroyed in the huge earthquake that rocked nepal . the scene after an avalanche triggered by a massive earthquake swept across everest base camp . climbers walk towards their helicopter ( not seen ) after their mount everest expeditions were cancelled . aid agencies including oxfam are already sending teams to nepal in a bid to help in the aftermath of the country 's deadliest earthquake in more than 80 years . oxfam australia chief executive helen szoke said a group of disaster specialists from the uk are flying in with supplies , including clean water , sanitation and emergency food . ' communication is currently very difficult . telephone lines are down and the electricity has been cut off , making charging mobile phones difficult , ' dr szoke said in a statement . ' the water is also cut off . the number of people killed is continuing to rise . many of the old houses have been destroyed and at least one large apartment block has come down in kathmandu . ' people are gathered in their thousands in open spaces and are scared , as there were several aftershocks . ' oxfam staff in nepal , along with thousands of others , are sleeping outside tonight in football fields and other open spaces because they are the safest place to be . ' people gather in kathmandu 's durbar square , a unesco world heritage site that was severely damaged . people work to rescue trapped people inside a temple in bashantapur durbar square after the major earthquake hit kathmandu , nepal . emergency rescue workers carry a victim on a stretcher after dharara tower collapsed . the department of foreign affairs and trade is yet to release a statement about any australians who might have been caught up in the disaster . the federal opposition has called on the abbott government to offer every assistance towards the recovery effort in nepal . ' labour has asked the government for urgent advice about the safety of australians reported to have been in the area at the time , ' opposition foreign spokeswoman tanya plibersek said in a statement on sunday . several hundred australians registered with dfat as travelling in nepal . new zealand said it stands ready to assist with financial and practical help , after authorities confirmed that about 100 kiwis in nepal are safe and efforts to contact others continue . a group of men carry a person on a stretcher after the powerful earthquake . people desperately search for survivors stuck under the rubble of a destroyed building . people gathered beside damaged buildings after an earthquake in kathmandu on saturday . effects of the quake were felt hundreds of miles away in neighbouring countries with 20 killed in india , six in tibet and two in bangladesh . two chinese citizens died at the nepal-china border . the earthquake is also said to have triggered a massive avalanche on mount everest killing eight and injuring at least 30 . several groups of climbers were also said to be trapped at base camp which was severely damaged . officials confirmed that 758 people have died , with 181 people killed in the capital , as rescue teams continue to search for survivors who are feared to be trapped under the rubble . home ministry official laxmi dhakal warned the death toll is almost certain to rise . collapsed buildings are seen at durbar square after an earthquake in kathmandu earthquake hits nepal . rescuers search for survivors trapped under rubble of the landmark bhimsem tower , also known as dharahara . the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres northwest of kathmandu , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres northwest of kathmandu , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . the 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor south asian nation in over 80 years . television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . a terrified kathmandu resident said : ' everything started shaking . everything fell down . the walls around the main road have collapsed . ' the national stadiums gates have collapsed , ' anupa shrestha said . government emergency workers are reportedly already on the scene in the most damaged areas while save the children teams on the ground are coordinating an emergency response .