ed miliband vowed to end casual employment contracts yesterday but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them . ed miliband was accused of hypocrisy last night after labour town halls and mps were revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero-hours contracts . the labour leader yesterday vowed to end casual employment contracts that ‘ undermine living standards and family life’ . but his crackdown , which was intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for the tories on jobs and incomes , backfired spectacularly . in a disastrous day for labour’s general election hopes : speaking in huddersfield , mr miliband said a labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks . he made a stinging attack on both david cameron and firms that use ‘exploitative’ contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work . scroll down for video . ‘ the conservatives believe by looking after a few big firms and individuals at the top , everyone else will be ok , ’ said mr miliband . but , far from being the preserve of business , the contracts are being routinely used by charities , the public sector and the labour party itself . it emerged that 68 labour mps had also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in the last two years including shadow health secretary andy burnham ( right ) and shadow chancellor ed balls ( left ) . freedom of information requests circulated by the conservatives reveal that labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts . in december last year , the director of finance at doncaster council admitted to still having 300 relief workers on their books . among the worst authorities are wolverhampton , which had 738 staff on zero-hours contracts as of may 2014 ; liverpool with 442 as of september 2014 ; and ealing with 278 as of january 2015 . in an even greater embarrassment , it emerged that 68 labour mps had also signed up researchers and other staff on the deals over the past two years . they included shadow health secretary andy burnham , shadow chancellor ed balls , mr miliband’s parliamentary bag carrier karen buck and his election supremo lucy powell . the labour politicians said they had been told by the parliamentary expenses watchdog to use the contracts in order to pay a living wage . freedom of information requests found 22,000 zero-hours contracts were handed out by labour-run councils , including doncaster ( pictured ) where mr miliband is standing for mp . tory chairman grant shapps said : ‘it’s the same old hypocrisy from ed miliband . ' on the day he generates a load of hot air about zero-hours contracts it emerges that his party is one of the most prolific users of them . ‘it’s chaos in the labour party that would cause chaos for the country . ed miliband’s not up to the job because he says one thing and does another . a hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing , experts warned last night . sterling has already fallen nearly 5 per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . george buckley of deutsche bank said : ‘ the 2015 general election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . there may be no good outcome for investors . ’ david buik , of stockbroker panmure gordon , said : ‘ markets are incapable of dealing with uncertainty . ’ ' if you can’t trust him on the basics you can’t trust him to lead the country . ’ conservative candidate charlie elphicke added : ‘ this is total hypocrisy from ed miliband . ' labour did nothing about zero-hours contracts during its 13 years in power , and now we learn that labour mps and councils use them routinely . ’ the spotlight was also turned on a number of startling claims made by mr miliband yesterday – whose speech worsened already bad relations with big business . his suggestion that britain has an ‘epidemic’ of zero hours contracts was rubbished by official statistics from the ons . the ons had explicitly warned the 697,000 people who reported having a zero-hours contract between october and december 2014 should not be compared with the 586,000 in the previous year . the uk’s official statistician said : ‘ it is not possible to say how much of this increase is due to greater recognition of the term zero-hours contracts rather than new contracts . ’ however , mr miliband still made the claim the centre-piece of his headline grabbing announcement yesterday . the organisation full fact said the labour leader’s claims were unjustified . the tories say they have tightened the law to end abuse of zero-hours . employers can no longer insist on ‘exclusivity’ deals which ban staff from working for other firms . last week david cameron said he could not live on an ‘ exploitative zero-hours contract’ . labour mp karen buck ( left ) and mr miliband 's election supremo lucy powell ( right ) also use zero-hours . chancellor george osborne made similar comments last night , saying : ‘ of course it would be very difficult … there are some zero-hour contracts that people want . ’ christian may of the institute of directors said labour’s plans ‘ go too far’ . matthew irvine , associate at the law firm thomas eggar , said : ‘ to many this will seem an eye-catching and attractive policy with miliband championing workers rights over capitalist employers who are putting profit above workers’ welfare . the risk , however , is that this proposal goes too far and would endanger the continued economic recovery . ‘ in reality , employers may well choose to dismiss workers before they reach 12 weeks or be reluctant to offer work in the first place . 'miliband’s proposal would potentially undermine job creation , jeopardise zero-hours workers’ current jobs and increase their insecurity . ’ yesterday , opening up yet another front in his war on business , ed miliband pledged a labour government would ‘ end the exploitation of zero-hours contracts’ . here . james slack sorts the labour leader’s emotive claims about the contracts from the very different reality . claim : we have an epidemic of zero-hours contracts in our country . reality : according to the office for national statistics , between october and december last year a total of 697,000 people said they were employed on zero-hours contracts in their main job . this represents only 2.3 per cent of people in employment – or one in every 43 workers . this hardly constitutes an epidemic . claim : there has been a 20 per cent increase in the last year alone . reality : it is true the number of people reporting they were on a zero-hours contract rose by 110,000 in the year to december 2014 , but the ons says the two sets of figures are not comparable . in some cases , they will have been on the contracts for years but only just become aware of the fact… because miliband had spent so much time talking about them . labour was warned by statisticians not to use the figures – but carried on regardless . claim : zero-hours contracts ‘ undermine hard work , undermining living standards , undermining family life . ’ reality : far from inflicting untold misery on the majority of workers , by making it impossible for them to make ends meet , 66 per cent said they did not want to work more hours . only one in ten on zero-hours contracts said they would like a different job . the average number of hours worked was 22.6 per week . almost one in five were in full-time education , which would make it hard for them to work any more hours even if they wished to . claim : the tories won’t end the exploitation of zero-hours contracts . we will . reality : last june the conservative-led government took action to ban so-called exclusivity deals which prevented people on zero-hours contracts from working elsewhere . labour’s record , by contrast , is nothing to boast about : tony blair promised in 1995 to ban them after it emerged they were used in uk fast food chains but his government failed to act in three terms in power . claim : if it’s not good enough for us , it’s not good enough for you . one rule for all . reality : mr miliband said he could not survive on one of the contracts – but plenty employed by labour councils and officials have to do so . some 68 labour mps are reported to have employed staff on the contracts over the last two years , including ed balls , mr miliband’s parliamentary bag carrier karen buck and his election chief lucy powell . meanwhile , freedom of information requests show labour-run town halls are responsible for 21,798 of the contracts – including 300 in doncaster , where the labour leader is seeking re-election as the local mp . claim : the conservatives believe by looking after a few big firms and individuals at the top , everyone else will be ok . reality : it’s by no means only big business that appreciates the flexibility the contracts can provide . a survey of employers by the chartered institute of personnel and development found that a third of voluntary sector organisations used zero-hours contracts , along with a quarter of public sector employers . the figure for private firms – once again the target for an attack by mr miliband – was only 17 per cent . ps : even the ever-meddling eu does not object to zero-hours contracts . despite intense lobbying by labour meps and the party’s trade union paymasters , brussels has opted to stay out of the row . it insists only that workers should not work more hours than permitted by the working time directive and should be entitled to any holiday rights they have accrued .