former huddersfield centre josh griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving salford secured back-to-back super league wins with an 18-12 triumph at the john smith 's stadium . griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half , although jack hughes gave the giants hope . carl forster 's try and griffin 's penalty made the game safe , though , despite the prolific aaron murphy 's try setting up a tense finish . salford red devils secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at huddersfield . salford made a fast start and cory paterson had a try ruled out on 18 minutes . a rangi chase kick-through was fumbled by a giants player in the in-goal area and paterson pounced but referee james child had already ruled it a knock-on and given the red devils a drop out . the game was twice delayed early on when kevin locke for salford and huddersfield 's brett ferres were carried off injured . griffin opened the scoring on 21 minutes when he pounced on a mistake by huddersfield 's jermaine mcgillvary . the winger seemed set to grab a grubber kick into the left corner by jones-bishop - but when he slipped in the in-goal area griffin was there to score . he failed to convert but was on target 10 minutes later after jones-bishop took advantage of more slack defending . rangi chase kicked through straight from a scrum and jones-bishop got to the ball first despite several giants players being better placed . lacklustre huddersfield , seeking a fifth straight win , woke up after that and were back in the contest on 38 minutes . on-loan wigan forward hughes went over from jamie ellis ' pass after good work by eorl crabtree . there was a flare-up on half-time when crabtree and weller hauraki came to blows after the kiwi made a heavy tackle on the england international . salford extended their 10-6 half-time lead on 55 minutes when forster grabbed his first try of the season . griffin , the older brother of fellow former huddersfield player darrell , who was on the bench for this match , converted . hauraki was put on report on 62 minutes for a bad tackle which left giants full-back scott grix needing treatment . murphy then went over in the right corner on 76 minutes for his fourth try in as many games . brough added the extras to leave the home side a converted try away from a late victory . but soon after they were punished for interfering with play and griffin kicked the resulting penalty . solid defending , including forcing huddersfield to play out a set of six around their own 10-metre line , helped salford see the game out . 