a defence of his crown will be a priority for grand national hero many clouds next season , and trainer oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury’s hennessy gold cup . that race in november has already been identified as a likely target for coneygree and , even allowing for a rise in his handicap mark , many clouds would receive weight from his rival . with 11st 9lb on his back , leighton aspell’s mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st . many clouds , winner of saturday 's grand national , is shown off during a parade in lambourn on sunday . fans line the streets to pay their well-wishes to the grand national winning horse . has ap mccoy finally found his nemesis in oliver sherwood ? trainer sherwood , a chelsea supporter , and arsenal fan mccoy have had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league . sherwood , who ensured the retiring mccoy did not sign off with grand national glory , said : ‘ we have had double or quits , but i have never had to give him anything ! ’ sherwood’s desire to return to the national with many clouds — the 2014 hennessy winner who also came sixth in the gold cup — rather than prioritise the gold cup , is influenced by the fact that with a weight ceiling of 11st 10lb , the gelding will have to carry only an extra pound . sherwood said : ‘ he has nothing to lose by going for the gold cup as there is no point me protecting his handicap mark over hurdles . but , having said that , and having seen all the novices that willie mullins has , we might just train him for the national and if coneygree goes for the hennessy , it would be a very interesting option . ’ the training centre of lambourn in berkshire was packed on sunday to welcome its first winner of the £1million crabbie’s-sponsored race since jenny pitman’s royal athlete 20 years ago . among the well-wishers at sherwood’s rhonehurst stable , where 1938 national winner battleship was trained , were flat trainers charlie hills and jamie osborne as well as sherwood’s brother simon , best known as one of the jockeys to ride the great desert orchid . aspell , the first to ride back-to-back winners on different horses since the 1950s , having landed the race 12 months ago on pineau de re , was in action at market rasen , where he was unplaced in one ride , but many clouds owner trevor hemmings , who also owns the blackpool tower and preston north end , as well as a third grand national winner that he bought for only €6,000 ( £4,350 ) , flew in by helicopter from his isle of man home . many clouds held his nerve over the closing stages ahead of ap mccoy who was riding shutthefrontdoor . winning jockey leighton aspell ( left ) and many clouds owner trevor hemmings ( right ) celebrate after victory . the resurgent sherwood , eighth as a jockey on venture to cognac in corbiere’s 1983 national , had saddled four previous national runners but none had finished . he joked : ‘ my record was s*** — it could only get better . ’ fifth-placed shutthefrontdoor will also be looking to return to aintree next year , but not , of course , his jockey ap mccoy . he is expected to return to action at cheltenham on wednesday and now has only 11 possible racing days until he retires after sandown’s seasonal finale meeting on april 25 . one of the most memorable sights at saturday’s race was ruby walsh becoming a temporary flag man to help wave the field around the canal turn on the second circuit . balthazar king , who was down on the landing side of that fence , suffered broken ribs and a punctured lung but was showing good signs of recovery on sunday . leighton aspell , right , celebrates after winning the grand national horse race aboard many clouds . oliver sherwood celebrates a victory for many clouds and has already turned his attentions to next year . two horses died at the meeting , warren greatrex’s seedling on saturday and alan king’s grade one winner balder succes , was put down on sunday because of injuries sustained in a fall in friday’s melling chase . but a third national with no fatalities since the fences were given softer cores is proof that welfare changes have made a difference to the track . that is underlined by the fact that in that time , in all races over the fences , there have been 395 runners and only one horse has suffered fatal injuries as a result of a fall .