police have launched a major investigation into claims of sexual abuse at care homes in nottinghamshire dating back more than 70 years . operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children 's home near mansfield . the inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . skegby hall in mansfield , which was a former children 's care home . police have launched an investigation looking into claims of sexual abuse at the home . the 10 centres , all of which have either closed or changed their use since the time of the alleged abuse , also includes whatton youth detention centre . also being investigated are three former residential centres in mansfield and five others in worksop , southwell and stapleford . the inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers . three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre , where teenage inmates were detained with the oldest claim dating back to the 1940s . police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised . however , they say they are aware many of the records relating to the homes may no longer exist and that some of the alleged perpetrators may have died . the investigation comes after calls for an inquiry by people who claimed they were sexually abused at skegby hall . the investigation called operation xeres has been launched by nottinghamshire police , pictured . the inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers . a separate inquiry called operation daybreak is already looking at child abuse at homes in nottingham in the 1960s and 70s . it comes after 189 former residents of 18 children 's homes in nottinghamshire and derbyshire say they were abused between the 1950s and 1980s . so far 11 people have been arrested in connection with the inquiry . among the victims to speak to nottinghamshire police in connection with alleged abuse is golden globe and bafta winner , samantha morton . the actress who spent most of her childhood living in institutions in nottingham , spoke out last year saying she was abused by two male residential home workers at the red tile children 's home when she was just 13 . the double-oscar nominee said she decided to waive her right to anonymity in the wake of a report detailing sexual exploitation of 1,400 children over a period of 16 years in rotherham , south yorkshire . 