he was the goalkeeper who only won his place in the side on the back of a teammate shipping an embarrassing eight , so when costel pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes he feared the worst – for himself and the club’s top-flight status . that was four weeks ago when aston villa ran riot at the stadium of light and sunderland were booed from the field at half-time before thousands of fans streamed for the exits . within 48 hours gus poyet had been sacked and dick advocaat was being installed . the dutch boss celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle last weekend , a result which moved the black cats three points clear of the relegation zone ahead of this afternoon’s visit of crystal palace . sunderland goalkeeper costel pantilimon celebrates jermain defoe 's goal against newcastle united . pantilimon kept his place despite pressure from vito mannone - the man who was dropped in the wake of october’s 8-0 defeat at southampton – and the romanian stopper admits there has been a definite mood change under advocaat . ‘ before the new manager came , our confidence was not in a good way , ’ said the 28-year-old , who was a premier league winner with manchester city in 2012 and again last season . ‘ we were playing very badly , but now we have a new motivation . he’s brought the enjoyment back . ‘ i never expected to play in a game like the 4-0 loss at home to aston villa . i was upset . you start to think about what you did wrong . the former manchester city goalkeeper celebrates with teammate santiago vergini at the stadium of light . ‘ we had to change something . it wasn’t easy . i thought about relegation after the villa game . ‘ i was asking myself , “ what is happening ? ” . we couldn’t win games at home . away from home we were taking points , but in front of our fans we were failing . ' it was strange and very frustrating . i didn’t know what we could do to be better . ’ the answer , it appears , was advocaat . ‘ he has tried to bring us together as a group , ’ explained pantilimon , who has so far avoided one of advocaat’s infamous fines for a lack of punctuality . ‘ we all eat lunch together as a team . that should be normal . it’s a good idea , it creates a stronger group . it means we get to know each other better and other people’s situations . pantilimon rolls the ball out to a defender as sunderland beat newcastle at the stadium of light . ‘ on the pitch , he wants us to be aggressive all the time , but also keep the ball a lot more . ‘ before the derby he reminded us that not many people have the opportunity to play in a game like this . i think these words said everything , the motivation was at 100 per cent . ‘ the atmosphere last week reminded me a lot of how it was after city won the league ( in 2012 ) . ‘ it was incredible . my wife and my parents were there and they loved the game . ’ both of pantilimon’s parents are deaf and the keeper uses sign language to communicate . indeed , it was some advice from his father which set him on his way to a career between the posts . the romanian shot-stopper celebrates a sunderland win with his team-mates against newcastle . ‘ i was a striker when i started playing as a child because i liked scoring goals , ’ said 6ft 8ins pantilimon , who was raised in bacau at the foothills of the carpathian mountains . ‘ my father told me it was better to go in goal . he said i had the physical attributes to play there . ‘ but i was not always so tall . i had a period between 14 and 16 when i grew so fast . ‘ thankfully , i didn’t like basketball so much . when i was about 15 i realised i could be a professional goalkeeper . sunderland manager dick advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby game with newcastle . ‘ i was only 16 when i made my debut for a professional club . it was a third division club , but it was young to make my debut at that level . ‘ i was always confident i could be a goalkeeper . i thought i could get right to the top , i’ve worked hard to be here and i don’t want to stop , i want to get better and better . ’ under advocaat , things are certainly looking up , for pantilimon and sunderland .