real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling . bernabeu legend zinedine zidane , now managing the spanish giants ' castilla b-team but long tipped for the no 1 role , insists the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad . sterling would certainly fit the bill . the england winger , who has netted six times in the premier league this season , is at loggerheads with the anfield hierarchy over a new deal . zinedine zidane has revealed la liga giants real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling . zidane ( left , pictured with real madrid boss carlo ancelotti ) has said real are monitoring sterling . liverpool starlet sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield . he rejected the most recent offer of £100,000 a week and has attracted interest from liverpool 's premier league rivals manchester city and chelsea . but zidane has revealed that the european champions are also after sterling , pointing to recent real captures like gareth bale and raphael varane as proof of their commitment to snapping up the continent 's premier young talent . ' we know who raheem sterling is , and of course we are monitoring him as a player , ' zidane said . ' there are very few players in the world who can improve the real madrid squad , so it is going to make sense we monitor the progress of the best young players in the world . ' we monitored bale for over a year , the same with isco and also varane . ' we monitor many of the best young players in europe , then if we feel they have something to offer real madrid we will contact their club and try and make the next step . ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers has admitted liverpool may struggle to attract top players . real madrid have the splashed the cash on the likes of gareth bale and raphael varane in recent years . la liga giants broke the world transfer record in august 2013 by forking out £86million on bale . sterling 's boss brendan rodgers admitted after his side 's dismal 4-1 defeat at arsenal that liverpool will have trouble attracting top players without champions league football . he said : ‘ it makes it difficult , there’s no doubt about that . most players want to be in the champions league . they want to play at the top level of the game and if you’re not in the champions league it makes it difficult for you . we know that . ‘it’s going to be a little like this until we become more stable . we’ve got young players who are growing , getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again . we want to be in the champions league . that’s important and it is key for us . ‘it’s highly unlikely this year . but liverpool is a great club . i said that before i came into it . it’s a phenomenal club that players want to play for . ’ 