nicola sturgeon tonight backed the immediate transfer of all tax powers to holyrood in a move that threatens a multi-billion pound cut to scotland 's budget . the first minister was forced to admit her mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year , despite the catastrophic collapse in north sea oil revenues . such a move would leave a massive £7.6billion black hole in scotland 's finances , triggering either higher taxes , deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels . nicola sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland ' as soon as possible ' , but labour leader jim murphy ( right ) warned this would leave a catastrophic hole in the country 's budget . miss sturgeon struggled once again in a tv election clash screened by the bbc , just a day after she faced an audience backlash by refusing to rule out a snap second referendum on independence . she walked into a trap set by labour leader jim murphy , who pointed out that one of the snp 's biggest supporters , billionaire jim mccoll , admitted scotland is not ready for fiscal autonomy . but asked when she wants full tax powers , miss sturgeon said ' as soon as possible ' . ' as scotland 's voice in the house of commons , if the snp is there in numbers we will be arguing for as many powers to come to scotland as quickly as possible , ' she said . ' i would like it as quickly as the other parties agree to give it . ' asked by murphy ' would your mps vote for it next year ? ' , the first minister replied : ' i would vote for it , would you support it ? ' to applause , the labour leader swiftly responded : ' no i would n't . ' absolutely not , and let me tell you why . this is the idea that we cut ourselves off from sources of taxation across the uk . miss sturgeon ( centre ) struggled slightly during a debate tonight in aberdeen ( pictured ) just a day after she was booed for refusing to rule out another referendum after the election . gaining full fiscal autonomy from the rest of the uk will likely leave scotland with a £7.6billion shortfall in cash , according to independent experts , after the value of north sea oil plunged earlier this year . ' after the difficult time that aberdeen and the north east of scotland been through , the idea that we voluntarily give up the pooling and sharing of resources , the ability to transfer money across these islands - i do n't think it makes sense . ' the debate was held in aberdeen university 's elphinstone hall , and was chaired by the bbc 's james cook – who has been the victim of ' cybernat ' abuse in recent days . miss sturgeon , mr murphy , tory leader ruth davidson and libdem leader willie rennie – who all took part in an stv debate the previous night – were joined by ukip 's only elected politician in scotland , mep david coburn , and scottish green co-convener patrick harvie . during the one-hour clash : much of the debate focused on the snp 's support for ' full fiscal autonomy ' , which former first minister alex salmond has described as ' home rule ' and critics have branded ' independence by the back door ' . it would see the devolution of every tax – including north sea oil revenues – and leave only defence and foreign affairs reserved to westminster , ending the generous barnett formula that funds scotland . scottish government official annual accounts show how scots contributed £400 extra in taxes than the uk average last year , but received an additional £1,200 in public spending . scots lib dem leader willie rennie ( left ) warned miss sturgeon against another referendum , while scots green party leader patrick harvie ( right ) called for an end to north sea drilling . last month , the highly-respected institute for fiscal studies ( ifs ) predicted that a ' fiscally autonomous ' scotland would have a massive £7.6billion black hole in its finances . that is the difference between the estimated budget deficit for the entire uk in 2015-16 of 4 per cent of gross domestic product ( gdp ) and scotland 's budget deficit of 8.6 per cent . according to the independent office for budget responsibility ( obr ) , offshore revenues are expected to shrink to only £600million in 2016-17 . that is a staggering 13 times smaller than the most optimistic figures alex salmond based his independence blueprint on . speaking after the debate , tory leader ruth davidson said miss sturgeon 's election campaign is ' beginning to unravel ' . one member of the audience warned the first minister that she ' does n't speak for everyone ' in scotland . in the earlier stv debate on tuesday , miss sturgeon said next month 's general election is not a 're-run ' of the referendum , but pointedly said ' that 's another matter ' when asked about her holyrood manifesto for 2016 . her weak response was met with audible groans from the audience . ruth davidson ( left ) , leader of the scots conservatives , said miss sturgeon 's election campaign was unravelling . ukip mep david coburn was branded a ' disgrace ' by nicola sturgeon . during the show , the snp leader insisted : ' i do accept the result of the referendum . there is a triple lock on this . ' before it is inserted in the manifesto , public opinion has to change , and then people have to vote for the manifesto if it is in it , then people have to vote for independence . ' pressed on whether the tories would block another referendum , miss davidson said : ' i do not see an area where if the circumstances arose again that we would . ' however , we would feel a betrayal very deeply when we were promised time after time by nicola , by [ deputy first minister ] john swinney , by all her msps , mps , meps and councillors that this was ' once in a generation ' and we were told by the end of the campaign it was ' once in a lifetime ' . ' mr murphy said : ' you do n't get a mandate from an opinion poll , you get a mandate from a manifesto and you have gone from being a proud co-leader of the big yes campaign to being the head of the ' maybes ayes , maybes naws ' campaign . ' mr rennie said : ' just imagine if we had a different vote last september . ' i think there would be blind panic as a result of what has happened in the north sea . ' nicola sturgeon has got a nerve to continue to argue for a policy that was soundly trounced in the referendum . ' ukip’s scottish leader david coburn was last night branded a ‘disgrace’ by nicola sturgeon for comparing one of her ministers to convicted terrorist abu hamza . the first minister rounded on the mep after the scottish daily mail revealed how he made the comparison when referring to muslim minister humza yousaf . mr coburn was also roundly booed by the audience in the bbc leaders’ debate as he claimed ‘ open door immigration’ has contributed to the rise in food banks , and demanded a cut in foreign aid because most of it ‘ goes to dictators’ . in a fierce exchange , labour leader jim murphy told him : 'don’t demonise immigrants . how dare you ? ' ruth davidson . best bit : a passionate defence of the uk , describing it as a ‘ social union as well as a political union’ . key clash : a row with nicola sturgeon over a second independence referendum , in which she warned that breaking the snp’s ‘once-in-a-generation’ promise would be a ‘betrayal’ . worst bit : forced to concede that westminster would not stand in the way of another referendum if the snp wins a majority . verdict : not quite as sure-footed as she was in tuesday’s stv debate , but her honesty with voters and passion for the union shone through . 7/10 . nicola sturgeon . best bit : branded david coburn a ‘disgrace’ to his face for comparing snp minister humza yousaf to convicted terrorist abu hamza . key clash : a battle with jim murphy over ‘ full fiscal autonomy’ and what it would mean for scotland’s budget . worst bit : admitted snp mps would vote for full tax powers as soon as next year – coinciding with a dramatic slump in north sea oil revenues . verdict : unlike last week’s uk-wide debate , she struggled under scrutiny from her opponents , with full fiscal autonomy now a millstone around the snp’s neck . 5/10 . jim murphy . best bit : vowed to fight to keep the barnett formula ‘ today , tomorrow and forever’ . key clash : took david coburn to task for ‘demonising’ immigrants in an explosive confrontation that left the ukip leader in pieces . worst bit : forced to admit that a labour government would make ‘targeted’ cuts , less than 24 hours after he claimed the party may not make any spending cuts . verdict : a commanding performance , forcing nicola sturgeon to sign up to massive budget cuts for scotland . 8/10 . willie rennie . best bit : huge applause when he used self-deprecating humour to warn nicola sturgeon against ‘ breaking a promise’ that last year’s referendum was a ‘once- in-a-generation’ vote . key clash : desperately tried to distance the libdems from their coalition partners during exchanges with ruth davidson . worst bit : squirmed over the libdems’ broken promise not to increase tuition fees south of the border . verdict : came out fighting after failing to make any impact in tuesday’s debate , and delivered the best joke of the night . 6/10 . patrick harvie . best bit : won applause for accusing ukip of trying to ‘ cancel our membership of the civilised world’ . key clash : left looking foolish by presenter james cook , when asked if opposing ‘capitalism’ would be a ‘ red line’ for green mps . worst bit : telling an audience in britain’s oil capital the country must ‘ minimise extraction’ of north sea reserves , jeopardising thousands of local jobs . verdict : david coburn saved him from making the most ridiculous comments of the night , but his arguments were at the level of a sixth form school debate . 2/10 . david coburn . best bit : claimed scotland would have called in the international monetary fund ( imf ) by now if there had been a yes vote in the referendum . key clash : clashed with every leader and the audience , and most of civilised society . worst bit : nearly every time he spoke . booed for blaming immigration for the rise food banks and claiming foreign aid mainly goes to ‘dictators’ . verdict : arguably should have lost his job weeks ago when he compared a muslim minister to abu hamza . added nothing to the debate . 0/10 .  