two mistakes from rangers keeper robby mccrorie handed celtic the glasgow cup as they clinched the trophy for the fourth time in eight seasons at hampden . josh kerr took advantage when the scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the hoops in front before mccrorie dropped a mark hill free kick over the line . with old firm bosses ronny deila and stuart mccall looking on , it was the former who left happiest after seeing tommy mcintyre’s side record a deserved victory . celtic u17 players celebrate after beating rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden . celtic goalscorer josh kerr holds the trophy in the air as he celebrates on tuesday evening . both teams line up ahead of the match which was played behind closed doors at hampden park . and as only local schoolkids and their parents were allowed in following trouble among fans at the last three finals , the match passed without any major off-field problems . rangers took the game to their opponents but early headers from aiden wilson and ross mccrorie ran past either post . celtic hit back and began to dictate play , sitting further up the park the more time wore on and pressing well for an opener . nine days after the parkhead club’s first team was denied a clear penalty in the scottish cup against inverness , their youths had another good claim . but kyle bradley’s handball in the box from a regan hendry shot went unnoticed by referee stephen graham before the midfielder fired the rebound straight at robby mccrorie . calvin miller then shot just over from 20 yards , hendry was denied again by mccrorie and miller screwed another long-range drive inches wide as the hoops looked more likely to net . kerr fires the ball into the net to give celtic the lead against rangers in the 74th minute . kerr slides along the hampden pitch in celebration after putting celtic ahead . mark hill ( third left ) is congratulated by his team-mates after doubling celtic 's lead . just when it seemed they would get themselves in front , hendry nodded past from close range when miller picked him out with a great right-wing cross and it was a poor miss . rangers were being restricted to playing on the counter and offered little in attack , with a low ross lyon shot that ran tamely wide being as close as they came . it took some strong defending to keep them level at the break too , with two last-gasp tackles from wilson and ross mccrorie being just enough to deny hendry . celtic kept pressing after the restart , with theo archibald firing a volley over and rory currie’s low attempt flashing off target . they almost paid for their slackness in front of goal , with gers’ sam jamieson forcing a terrific tip over the bar from keeper ross doohan . celtic manager ronny deila watches the u17 side claim victory in the glasgow cup . rangers manager stuart mccall ( centre ) , assistant kenny black ( left ) and goalkeeping coach jim stewart watch the match from the stands at hampden . the light blues took heart from that and began coming forward more but were just as sloppy with their finishing as wilson nodded a lyon corner over . celtic responded once again , with robby mccrorie smothering mark hill’s attempt , dan higgins aiming too high from 20 yards and mccrorie gathering archibald’s grasscutter . rangers made their best chances through lyon and substitute jamie barjonas but rued their misses as celtic scored twice in as many minutes and mccrorie was culpable both times . celtic players celebrate in the dressing room at the national stadium in glasgow . he failed to take hendry’s corner when he tried to claim it with 16 minutes left and kerr lashed in the loose ball from four yards . mccrorie’s error moments later was worse , however , as he fumbled into the net when a flighted hill free kick came in from wide on the left . rangers tried to get back into the game and jamieson came closest but doohan kept him out and that sealed celts’ success . 