a state prosecutor in detroit made the ill-advised suggestion that baltimore police should respond to protests gripping the city by shooting everyone involved . teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled maryland city . walsh an assistant prosecutor in wayne county , which includes detroit , aired her point of view late monday night , fox2 detroit reported . scroll down for video . controversial : teana walsh , pictured above plying her trade in court , made the objectionable post . kill 'em all : teana walsh , an assistant prosecutor in detroit , michigan , posted the above to facebook . ' flipping disgusting ' ? walsh suggested deadly force should be used against the violent protesters . she said : ' so i am watching the news in baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks , etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults ... 15 in the hospital already . ' solution . simple . shoot 'em . period . end of discussion . ' i do n't care what causes the protestors to turn violent ... what the `` they did it because '' reason is ... no way is this acceptable . flipping disgusting . ' at least 15 people voiced their approval by ' liking ' the comment . she later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post . regret ? walsh delete the post after seeing the riots in baltimore , maryland , on television . anger : walsh said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot . the outrage prompted walsh 's bosses to issue a statement defending her , claiming the post was ' completely out of character ' . it said : ' apa teana walsh is known for her great work ethic and her compassion for victims of crime and their families . her post was up on line briefly and she immediately took it down . ' the post was completely out of character for her and certainly does not reflect the person that we know . '