everyone has parts of their body they would like to change but how much would you pay - and how much pain would you be willing to go through - to be rid of your hang up ? it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . harley street is in an affluent part of london and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost . scroll down for video . michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around . michael , has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness . his mother , joy , who never spends money on herself and wears £5.99 shoes from oxfam , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance . she points out that he could go on a luxury holiday for the next seven years for the same price . but michael said of the treatment : ' it will make me feel more complete . it is a lot of money but this means a lot to me , good holidays come and go but this will last a lifetime and make me a happier more confident person . ' joy , however , is worried that her son , a divorced father of two , is pinning too much on the hair transplant changing his fortunes of her son . she said : ' i 'm just worried he will be disappointed . he 's pinned so much on this , he has looked forward it to , i think he feels his life will change dramatically . ' andrea carter , 72 , from leighton buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed . another person keen to boost their self-esteem via a harley street surgeon is emma tallon , 27 . she paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big . she 's felt self conscious about them for ten years . she said : ' i just want to feel normal , to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time . ' of the price she is paying to have the body she wants , she said : ' it is expensive . i am pretty comfortable but it 's a lot of money . i think it 's a price worth paying . ' following the procedure , emma said she had no regrets but the operation was ' a lot harder than i thought it was be ' . she said : ' my legs were black and swollen for weeks , at first i felt like my legs were going to explode . ' i have n't had regrets but i did n't realise how much it takes a toll on your body . ' also featured on the show is andrea carter , 72 , from leighton buzzard , who has had a number of cosmetic treatments over the years - and was n't even put off going under the knife after a botched tummy tuck in latvia which she admitted ' almost killed me ' . over the years , she 's also had a boob job , face lift , liposuction and work on her eyes and nose . now she wants another face lift costing thousands of pounds to rid herself of her baggy jowls . when asked by her surgeon if she understood the risk of surgery - and whether she thought it was worth taking for a cosmetic procedure - she said : ' it 's an operation but what the heck , i just want that to go away ( referring to the baggy skin below her neck ) . i want to have my chin back ' . her husband nick adds : if that 's what she wants i 'll support her . ' but after the costly treatment , he admits that he ca n't tell the difference in his wife 's profile . ' i 'm not very observant , i ca n't see the change but if she can i 'm happy , ' he said . inside harley street : episode 2 : make me beautiful is on bbc two monday at 9pm .