the parents of a sweet six-year-old are using adorable videos of their daughter dancing to help raise awareness about her rare disorder - and the moving and grooving clips have quickly turned the youngster into an online star . audrey nethery , from kentucky , has diamond blackfan anemia ( dba ) , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body 's ability to circulate oxygen . since audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells , her parents told the mirror , she has faced a host of health issues in her short life . but the condition does n't stop audrey from dancing , which she does incredibly well to bruno mars’ chart-topping hit uptown funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her facebook page . scroll down for video . girl can groove : audrey nethery , six , has a rare illness called diamond blackfan anemia - but her condition does n't stop her from dancing adorably in videos from her zumba class . family affair : audrey danced while her dad scott played guitar at a dba benefit , pictured here . audrey learned the cute choreographed routine to the kidz bop version of the song at her zumba class in louisville , kentucky . dad scott nethery and mom julie haise were quick to upload a clip of the six-year-old dancing to facebook , and the internet was just as quick to watch it . the recording of her complete performance has already reached 2.8 million views since it was posted in march . but audrey 's cute videos do n't just bring joy to those who watch them - they also help bring attention to dba and raise funds for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation . get your groove on : audrey 's most popular video sees her dancing along to bruno mars ' hit uptown funk ( pictured ) . shaking her money maker : audrey 's parents are posting videos of audrey dancing at zumba class to raise money for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation ; here , audrey holds a check for $ 10,000 . because of her condition , audrey has already endured 20 blood transfusions , and will likely undergo more in the future . half of people with dba need a transfusion once every three to five weeks . she was also born with a hole in her heart and a cleft palate , and she is n't growing as fast as her peers , partly because of the steroids she needs to take for her illness . but despite her hurdles , her father scott told daily mail online , she has plenty of energy and a positive outlook : ' audrey is a happy , loving , smart , little girl who loves to dance , listen to music , and collect dolls and stuffed animals . she is incredibly strong and leaves an impression on everyone she meets ! ' feeling playful : audrey 's dad says she loves to collect dolls like the one she is holding in this picture with her mother julie . major music lover : audrey 's dad scott , pictured here before taking audrey to a father-daughter dance , says his little internet star is a big fan of bruno mars and taylor swift . the musically-inclined six-year-old , whose favorite musicians include taylor swift , bruno mars , and the beatles , has also left an impression on strangers on the internet . posting cute videos and smiling photos of audrey have helped the nethery family to raise thousands of dollars , as well as promote blood drives which they host to give back to the community . ' once people realize she has a life-threatening illness , it really touches their hearts , ' her father told the mirror .