janet faal , who has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade , fell down an uncovered manhole . an agoraphobic grandmother who conquered her fear of open spaces and left home for the third time in 10 years only to fall down a manhole . janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap . she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ' splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped . the grandmother-of-four said : ' i was with a friend helping her reverse out of a car park , and there was this wooden pallet in the way . ' i moved the pallet out of the way with my foot and i was going to turn around to my friend say `` is that far enough ? `` . ' i took a step over - never in my life did i think there was a hole underneath , i thought it had just fallen over . the next thing i remember is the pain . it was awful . ' i fell and smashed my face on the pallet , and i was in the hole with blood all over me and i could n't move . ' she reckons she has been set back ' years ' in her battle with the debilitating condition , which has left her housebound for a decade , and fears she 'll never leave her home again . miss faal , who lives in crawley , said : ' it 's hard for me to go anywhere , but i was getting better . now i 'm not so sure . ' she spent nearly an hour waiting in agony on the forecourt of complete tyre services on friday , april 10 , before a paramedic arrived to take her to east surrey hospital . scroll down for video . her son andy macdonald , 39 , a painter and decorator , said : ' i 'm absolutely livid . whoever owns that manhole should get it fixed and get it fixed right now . ' it 's ruined my mother 's recovery . i ca n't believe it . whoever owns that manhole has something serious to answer for . miss faal was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the gap , smashing her face and trapping her leg on the way down . she 's been left with two black eyes and bruising . ' i 'm self-employed , and i have to take time off work to care for my disabled mum , who has been knocked for six by negligence . ' if she was smaller she would have gone all of the way down - a slender woman or child could have been very seriously hurt . ' an employee at the company , where miss faal 's friend had driven her to get a new tyre for her car , claimed the holes have been reported ' loads of times ' to the owner of the site . the manhole ( pictured ) at complete tyre services in crawley had been covered by a wooden pallet . the site is leased from the owner of jp supplies , which sells safety clothing to the construction industry in the neighbouring unit . a spokesman for south east coast ambulance service confirmed its attendance and explained why it took so long for an ambulance to arrive . he said : ' when the call came in , with the information provided by the caller , it was classified as a `` class c '' call . ' we always do our best to back up the first paramedic as soon as we can but life-threatening calls have to take priority . ' neither the tyre shop or their landlord jp supplies are accepting responsibility for fixing the broken manhole . a worker at the garage said : ' we have been trying to get the manholes in the forecourt fixed for years , but what 's happened is they were covered with pallets . ' the building owner , who also runs nearby business jp services , said : ' they are the tenants , so it 's down to them to fix the manhole cover . ' i 'm the landlord , but they have not spoken to me about it . ' agoraphobia is ' a fear of being in situations where escape might be difficult , or help would n't be available if things went wrong ' , according to the nhs website . the site explains that though it 's often thought that the condition is a fear of open spaces the reality is not quite as straightforward , with some sufferers also fearing public transport and shopping centres . when agoraphobics are exposed to their fears several symptoms can sweep over them , including a feeling of nausea , rapid heartbeat and breathing , and rising temperature . the cause of agoraphobia can vary from person to person , with some people developing a fear of a certain situation or place because they experienced a panic attack there and then try to avoid it . others may develop the condition through a fear of crime or being involved in an accident . treatments may involve counselling , relaxation training or taking antidepressants . nhs direct says : ' in the uk , up to two people in 100 have a panic disorder and it is thought around a third of those will go on to develop agoraphobia as a result . ' source : nhs direct .