arsene wenger insists he isn’t haunted by his decision to back out of signing eden hazard in 2012 – even if he does accept the chelsea attacker is getting better every year . it might prove to be a stunning oversight on wenger’s part , having pulled out of a deal to sign the 24-year-old from lille . talks got to such an advanced stage that hazard’s agent discussed the move with wenger in the arsenal manager’s house , but the frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with chelsea , who landed this season’s standout player for £32million . eden hazard joined chelsea for £32million in 2012 , an amount arsenal could not afford to fork out . hazard , who has had a standout season for chelsea , even discussed terms in arsene wenger 's house . belgium star hazard joined chelsea in may 2012 after impressing in ligue 1 for french side lille . that is looking like a tremendous bargain as chelsea close in on the title , but wenger said : ‘ i have no big regrets because - at the time - there was so much financially , so much money involved we could not afford it . and ( i could ) not defend it , honestly . ‘ it was linked with all the environment . it was not feasible for us financially . ’ hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season after a stunning campaign . going into sunday’s clash at arsenal , he has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in only 43 starts . wenger believes the gong will be a shootout between hazard and arsenal’s alexis sanchez . he said : ‘it’s very close . let’s not forget that for eden hazard it is not the first season but for alexis sanchez it is . so he will give him a fight and if alexis doesn’t make it this year , he will give him a fight as well for next season . ‘ i think everybody would agree hazard had a great season . he has found maturity that he did not have before . i believe his final ball is better , his personality on the pitch is stronger , the finishing aspect of his game is much better than before . ‘ he can turn games when it’s 0-0 and when it’s tight . that’s always a sign of top quality . ’ wenger insists that his forward alexis sanchez ( centre ) will run hazard close in the player of the year vote . chelsea fans reach out to their star man during last weekend 's win against manchester united .