fast food giant chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using gmos ( genetically modified organisms ) as ingredients . steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money . ' it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients , ' he said in the interview . ' i mean , because we do n't have many ingredients in the first place . ' scroll down for video . fresh start : chipotle co-ceo steve ells , pictured , has said ' it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients ' . ells added ' you know , we 've always paid attention to the way we 've sourced food since we started 22 years ago . ' like artificial colors , additives , preservatives . we 'd just rather not be a part of that . ' cnnmoney reported that the move marks chipotle as the first gmo-free national fast food chain . ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company 's burrito features upwards of 80 . rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos -- with non-gmo corn , sunflower oil and rice bran oil now featuring as ingredients , cnnmoney reported . the new york times reported that non-gmo canola oil will also be used . simplified : ells , seen in a chipotle kitchen , has said the company has 68 total ingredients -- and another company 's burrito features upwards of 80 . on the rise : last year , the chipotle 's sales reportedly went up 27.8 % , and its stock went up approximately 350 % over a five-year period . however , cnnmoney noted gmo-feed is consumed by chickens and pigs chipotle uses . during an interview with the financial news outlet , ells said farmers are not currently ordered to use non-gmo feed . ' now this is something that we would like to do eventually , ' he explained . ' there just is n't enough non-gmo feed at this point . ' speaking about gmos , ells also said ' they say these ingredients are safe , but i think we all know we 'd rather have food that does n't contain them . ' ells addressed chipotle 's shortage of carnitas pork in stores in a separate interview with the new york times . the shortage , the newspaper explained , is due to a pork supplier not hitting standards - meaning reduced sales . ells told the times ' we 're working with our farmers to plan enough of these [ non-gmo ] crops we need to meet our supply . ' with pork , it 's harder because we only need one part of the animal , the shoulder , and the farmer needs to sell the whole animal to make it work . ' 