scarface and godfather actor al pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet – but it will set them back an eye-watering sum of £25,000 ( or $ 41,500 ) . the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the uk and ireland . but the 74-year-old actor , who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades , is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion . die-hard fans of actor al pacino can fly on a private jet with him from glasgow to london for £25,000 . event travel , which is offering the five-figure ticket package , declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the private jet , which will fly from glasgow to london . most commercial flights on the same route last roughly 80 minutes . according to an online itinerary , the package includes a commercial flight ticket from any uk airport to glasgow , plus a ticket to pacino’s show in the scottish city on may 19 . the vip package , priced from £25,000 or $ 41,555 per person , includes : up to two hardcore fans will then fly from glasgow to london with pacino on his entourage after the show , giving them the perfect opportunity to corner the actor and question about his roles as tony montana in the cult film scarface , michael corleone in the godfather trilogy , or his academy award-winning performance in scent of a woman . dubbed ‘ the amazing experience’ , it also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in london , transfers and a ticket to the actor’s may 22 show at the hammersmith apollo . pacino fans who find the price too steep can opt for ‘ the unique experience’ , which allows them to eat lunch with the actor at his hotel before the london show , for £7,500 ( $ 12,000 ) . if that is too pricey , fans can buy a £2,500 ( $ 4,150 ) ticket package that includes about 20 minutes of alone time with pacino in his dressing room , or they can spend £650 ( $ 1,080 ) for a group meet and greet . actor al pacino arrives with camila sola ( left ) and lucila sola for a screening of the film manglehorn in 2014 . the speaking series , ‘ an evening with pacino’ , is being marketed as ‘ an exceptional opportunity to catch an icon in the flesh’ . organisers are promising never-before-heard stories and never-before-seen video clips , plus a chance to ask questions . it follows a sold-out event at the palladium in 2013 .