a young driver has started his easter weekend with a splash after running off the road , smashing through a fence and crashing into a backyard swimming pool . the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west early on friday morning . the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout . scroll down for video . the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed as the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west . the car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence before landing in the pool . their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb , smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool . the men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward . a crane was required to remove the fully submerged car from the pool . a taxi driver involved in the bungle fled the scene of the accident leaving the 23-year-old to explain to police . traffic was stopped along wilson road and a crane was brought in to hoist the waterlogged vehicle from the pool . photos from the scene show just the roof of the blue vehicle emerged from the water as it rests on the floor of the in-ground pool . police are using social media to implore drivers to slow down and drive carefully over the easter holiday break , getting their message across using the hashtag # sharetosurvive . in an attempt to prevent road tolls from climbing over the long weekend extra police will be patrolling the states road 's until midnight monday , with double demerits in full force . anyone with information that could assist police , including the identity of the taxi driver involved in the hinchinbrook incident , is urged to contact crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 . the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout , which sent them crashing through this family 's backyard fence .  