reaching out : third-grade teacher kyle schwartz devised a lesson plan last month , which has spread to classrooms across the nation via twitter . a third-grade teacher in denver , colorado has sparked a sensation on twitter , after asking her students to open up about their personal struggles . kyle schwartz has been a teacher for three years , and says that many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds , with 92 per cent of the student body qualifying for free or reduced lunch . seeking to understand a bit more about their lives , schwartz last month thought up a lesson plan called ' i wish my teacher knew ... ' she asked all for he children to write down one thing they wanted to tell her , but would n't normally in the classroom situation and the results were heartbreaking . the first note that schwartz shared on twitter was from a student who said they did n't have pencils at home to do their homework . that note especially touched schwartz . ' i care deeply about each and every one of my students and i do n't want any of them to have to suffer the consequences of living in poverty , which is my main motivation for teaching , ' schwartz told abc news . another , spoke about missing her father , who was deported back to mexico six years ago . hoping to learn more about her students ' personal struggles , schwartz asked them to answer the qestion ' i wish my teacher knew ... ' on a piece of paper and turn it in to her anonymously or share it with the class . schwartz sais she found the above note from a student who did n't have pencils at home to do homework especially heartbreaking . alone : after trying out the lesson plan , schwartz says she not only learned more about her students , she saw a change in how they interacted with each other . for example , a group of girls invited one student to play at recess after hearing in class that they felt they had no friends . heartbreak at home : one student wrote about missing her father , who was deported six years ago back to mexico . language barrier : another student in schwartz 's class wrote about a challenging aspect of being bi-lingual . busy parents : schwartz shared many of these notes on twitter , and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson themselves and posting their own results online . ' i wish my teacher knew i do n't have [ a ] friend to [ play ] with me , ' another note read . schwartz said that she gave her children the option to answer the question anonymously , but found that most signed their name and were even willing to share their story with the class . after sharing some of the notes on twitter , schwartz said she started getting responses from teachers across the nation who tried out the lesson . ' it 's hard to stay asleep at night ' : rebecca shoniker , a middle school teacher in north carolina , shared these responses from her class on twitter . ' i think it caught on so fast because teachers are highly collaborative and freely share and explore resources , ' schwartz said . ' in the end , all teachers want to support their students , and # iwishmyteacherknew is a simple and powerful way to do that . ' since trying out the lesson plan , schwartz has not only learned more about her students , she has seen a change in how they interact with each other . ' after one student shared that she had no one to play with at recess , the rest of the class chimed in and said , ' we got your back . ' the next day during recess , i noticed she was playing with a group of girls , ' schwartz said . stressful : dawn king , a fourth grade teacher , shared this letter from a student who was worried about a sick parent . sadness : another student in king 's class wrote about a fear of having depression . that student was open enough to share those fears with a parent . bullied : mary lou shuster in south portland , maine , shared this note about a student who is being bullied .