robin van persie scored twice as he continued his recovery from an ankle injury in manchester united’s 4-1 win over fulham in the under-21 premier league . the holland striker’s sharp performance at craven cottage suggests he will be in contention to start in louis van gaal’s side for the visit of west bromwich albion on saturday . van persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-february and has only just returned to the first-team picture , replacing wayne rooney for the final two minutes of united’s 3-0 loss at everton on sunday . robin van persie lifts the ball over magnus norman to score his second , and man united 's fourth goal . van persie made an appearance for manchester united under 21s away at fulham on tuesday night . the holland international opened the scoring as united took a commanding first-half lead at craven cottage . joe rothwell ( right ) followed up van persie 's opener with two goals of his own to extend united 's advantage . fulham : norman ; donnelly , buatu ( c ) , baba ; sheckleford , mesca , edun ( de la torre 67 ) , smile , evans ; plumain , redford ( humphreys 60 ) . substitutes not used : elworthy , rodak . scorer : humphreys 90 . booked : sheckleford . manchester united : lindegaard ; love , blackett , thorpe ( c ) , kellett ; rothwell ( willock 81 ) . goss ( fletcher 88 ) , grimshaw ; pereira , van persie ( weir 81 ) , januzaj . substitutes not used : o’hara , el fitouri . scorers : van persie 13 , 80 ; rothwell 20 , 43 . booked : blackett . referee : ashvin degnarain . the primary aim of this appearance was to get much-needed minutes under his belt but his two goals had the added effect of sending united four points clear at the top of the under-21 premier league table . van persie was undoubtedly the star attraction , but the team fielded by warren joyce also included adnan januzaj , tyler blackett , anders lindegaard and andreas pereira . and it didn’t take long for the visitors to assert their authority against a fulham side threatened by relegation from the top tier at this level . on 13 minutes , van persie controlled a pereira through ball just inside the 18-yard box and slotted past fulham goalkeeper magnus norman to open the scoring . it was two shortly afterwards when januzaj found joe rothwell in behind the fulham defence with a lovely through ball and united’s no 7 was left with an easy finish . the united striker gives a thumbs up to the supporters as he leaves the craven cottage pitch . van persie emerges from the craven cottage tunnel to begin the second half in west london . van persie tangles with fulham 's jonathan buatu mananga in the under 21 premier league match . van persie could have claimed his second five minutes later when he stretched to reach januzaj’s cross and saw his effort come back off the post . the contest was over two minutes before the break when januzaj advanced down the right and cut the ball back for rothwell to place the ball into the bottom corner . the dutchman saw an effort deflect off fulham captain jonathan buatu and against the crossbar in the second-half but he wouldn’t be denied another goal . 10 minutes from time , he was found behind fulham’s back line again and added his second of the night with a dinked finish over norman . it proved to be van persie’s last act as he was replaced by james weir before the restart . fulham did claim a consolation in stoppage time when stephen humphreys headed home luca de la torre’s cross . the united striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since february , and is just returning to action . van persie ( right ) was joined by adnan januzaj ( left ) and anders lindegaard against fulham . manchester united 's u21 side went into the match looking to extend their advantage at the top of the league .