from the sky it appears to be an idyllic island with amazing beaches and a dense forest , but tourists or fishermen don’t dare to set foot on this outcrop in the indian ocean due to its inhabitants’ fearsome reputation . visitors who venture onto or too close to north sentinel island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world . when they do interact with outsiders , it usually involves violence – the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions . scroll down for video . sentinelese tribespeople , holding javelins , gather on the shore of north sentinel island , located in the bay of bengal . following the 2004 tsunami this member of the sentinelese tribe was photographed firing an arrow at an indian coast guard helicopter . this satellite image taken by nasa shows the untouched north sentinel island , which is about the size of manhattan . located in the bay of bengal , north sentinel island belongs to india and remains an enigma , despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years . untouched by modern civilisation , very little is known about the sentinelese people , their language , their rituals and the island they call home . it is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders , meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video . most of the photos and video clips that do exist are of poor quality . there are also conflicting reports on the tribe’s population , with most estimates putting it in the range of a few dozen to a few hundred . it’s still unclear what impact the 2004 tsunami had on the population and the island , which is part of india’s chain of andaman islands , although the uncontacted tribe managed to avoid being wiped out . after the tsunami one member was photographed attempting to fire an arrow at an indian coast guard helicopter . the tribespeople are rarely photographed or recorded on video ; the only existing images or video clips tend to be of poor quality . to protect the sentinelese people - and visitors - the indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone . often referred to as a ‘ stone age tribe’ – a title that advocates take offence to , as its members have adapted over time – the sentinelese may be the most isolated tribe in the world , with the indian government choosing not to meddle in their affairs . the government made several failed attempts to establish contact , but has abandoned all attempts and allows the tribe to live how it chooses on an island that is about the size of manhattan . indian authorities have gone as far as making it a crime to try to make contact with the sentinelese . it is illegal to go within three miles of the island . while privileged people are eating £15 burgers and splashing £100 on new trainers , the near-naked sentinelese are surviving off the land and hunting for sea creatures . but the waters surrounding the island appear to be under threat by even more illegal fishermen . survival international said the islanders are ‘ extremely healthy , alert and thriving’ , but their fishing waters are being threatened . this aerial image shows the dense tree canopy on the island , which has remained untouched by modern civilisation for centuries . survival international reported late last year that it had received reports that fishermen are targeting the area , with seven men being apprehended by the indian coast guard . one of the fishermen reportedly stepped foot on the island in close proximity to the tribe’s members , and he managed to leave unscathed . survival international , which advocates for tribal peoples’ rights , describes the sentinelese as ‘ the most vulnerable society on the planet’ as they are likely to have no immunity to common diseases such as flu and measles . due to their complete isolation , the chances of them being wiped out by an epidemic are very high , according to the organisation . this aerial image from google maps shows a shipwreck off the coast ; clashes with salvagers have left several tribespeople dead . in a statement , survival international’s director , stephen corry , said : ‘ the great andamanese tribes of india’s andaman islands were decimated by disease when the british colonised the islands in the 1800s . ‘ the most recent to be pushed into extinction was the bo tribe , whose last member died only four years ago . the only way the andamanese authorities can prevent the annihilation of another tribe is to ensure north sentinel island is protected from outsiders . ’ the organisation said the islanders are ‘ extremely healthy , alert and thriving’ , despite threats from the outside world and their ' old world ' way of life . their hostility towards outsiders can at least be partially attributed to past conflicts . survival international said ' the outside world has brought them little but violence and contempt ' . in the late 1980s and early 1990s several tribespeople were killed in battles with armed salvagers who visited the island to recover iron and other goods from a shipwreck .