teller lake has become a giant fish bowl . the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of gold fish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ' four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000 , it 's believed , and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake , by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases . ' dumping your pets into a lake could bring diseases to native animals and plants as well as out-compete them for resources , ' colorado parks and wildlife ( cpw ) spokeswoman jennifer churchill told abc news . scroll down for video . invasion : lake teller in boulder has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ' four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . overrun : goldfish are not a native species in colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem . threat : fish that are native to the lake that are now being threatened by the invasive goldfish include channel catfish , blue gill fish and sun fish . in danger : local officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake . worried : colorado parks and wildlife ( cpw ) spokeswoman jennifer churchill has warned people against dumping their pets into local environments , saying it can be incredibly dangerous . ' everything can be affected . non-native species can potentially wipe out the fishery as we 've put it together . ' crews now face the arduous tasking of attempting to get rid of all the gold fish , but there are only two options . one is to drain the 12-acre lake completely , or use electrofishing , where the fish are stunned by an electrical current and removed while they are paralyzed . the latter is the most likely option . problem : the consequences of introducing a foreign species is far-reaching , officials say . scene : teller lake stretches about 12 acres in boulder , colorado . an electrical current is put in the water in sections and the stunning brings the fish to the surface . it was a successful method used in november 2012 at thunderbird lake , also in boulder , to remove koi goldfish from the water that had been improperly introduced . some 2,275 fish were removed in the process . ' most people do n't realize the far-reaching effects of introducing exotic species to the environment , ' ken kehmeier , senior aquatic biologist for cpw , told the denver chanel . ' nonnative species can be devastating to native populations by causing disease outbreaks and creating competition unbalance . removal : in november 2012 , over 2,000 koi goldfish were removed from the nearby thunderbird lake by ' electrofishing ' , where the fish are shocked with an electric current and paralyzed , causing them to float . effective : with electroshocking , crews go out in a boat and stun the fish to paralyze and then collect them . ' it 's an issue that anyone concerned with our environment should know about . ' despite the amount of fish in the lake , officials have warned locals against retrieving some of the fish and taking them home as pets . the gold fish will likely end up at a local raptor rehabilitation program as food . ' we do n't have a timeline yet for when we 're going to do that , ' churchill said .   