evicted : hayley sandiford has been told that postman terroriser winston must leave her home this month or she will lose her house . a dog has been evicted from social housing for terrorising postmen - meaning neighbours can have their mail delivered for the first time since february 2014 . mother-of-two hayley sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone american bulldog winston by the end of april or she will also have to leave her house in blackburn , lancashire . the pet has attacked several terrified postmen but miss sandiford says royal mail are victimising winston and claims her family are being ' taunted all the time ' by people in the area . angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying ' keep your devil dog away ' , she says . one postman on his rounds reported winston bounded 100 yards up the street towards him before clamping his powerful teeth around his mailbag . the victim had to cower behind a tree and throw his one remaining letter to distract the animal before diving behind a gate and alerting a colleague to take cover . a second postmen reported being being bitten on the arm and had to kick winston in the head twice to fend him off . winston 's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood . residents living on two surrounding roads have been making make a four-and-a-half mile round trips , sometimes by taxi , to collect their mail . twin valley homes housing association has now taken miss sandiford , 30 , to court and she must find a new home for the dog by 4pm on april 30 or her tenancy is at risk . obsessed : miss sandiford admits her american bulldog has ' a thing ' for chewing up mail - but unfortunately this has led to him also attacking postal staff . legal battle : a housing association has decided to end a ban on postal deliveries to the area of blackburn by demanding that winston is evicted . the ruling at preston county court means the post to the area is due to resume on may 1 . today miss sandiford , who has asked a friend to take in winston , said : ' i feel sick and gutted to be losing winston . winston had been brilliant and i have done everything they asked me to do but they 're still making a big deal out of it . court case : miss sandiford outside court last year after winston was threatened with destruction for attacking a postie . ' i have had things stuck on my door saying keep my ' devil dog ' away . i do n't even like going out anymore i 'm not the same kind of person . my kids have been affected at school through it because people would say stuff and my son gets into trouble because of that . we are being taunted all the time . ' winston is one of the nicest dogs . he is not a danger - i would n't have him near my kids . ' unfortunately he does have a thing about postmen but it is the mail they carry and not the postmen themselves . i do n't get much post only bills and a lot of junk mail and he loves ripping them up . he does n't touch the kids toys he 'd rather play with the leaflets that come through the door . ' winston did jump up at the postman - but he is a very bouncy playful little thing and he forgets how big he is - although i accept it must have been scary for the postman . ' winston 's first trouble came in february last year after it bit an unnamed postman on the arm whilst being taken for a walk by his owner 's nine-year-old son . the postman suffered a bite wound which broke his skin and he underwent medical treatment in hospital . although postal deliveries were suspended no action was initially taken against the animal but at 10am on july 9 the ' thick set and stocky built ' dog bounded up to postman paul warnock whilst he was on his rounds . mr warnock who had only delivered to only a handful of houses later told a court hearing : ' straight away i was worried because it was quite a big dog . as soon as it spotted me it came running towards me fast , at speed . ' then it was showing it 's teeth and growling at me . it was coming at me aggressively , i was frightened . i was backing off then all of a sudden it went for me it grabbed the bundle of mail . it was in the middle of the street because i was backing off so much . ' mr warnock ran behind a tree for cover and added : ' when i got behind the tree i saw a gate , i thought if i can get inside the gate it 's safe . i was left with one letter . it was still going for me . i had one piece on mail , i threw it to take it 's eye off me and ran behind the gate . it would have attacked me in the street . ' keen : winston once ran 100 yards to get to a post bag and the postman only managed to dive into a garden because he tossed a letter into the middle of the road . ' when i got behind the gate the dog was roaming the street . i saw my colleague further up the street coming down , he heard the commotion . i shouted `` get back get back , dog loose on the street ! '' . ' his colleague took cover behind a gate and watched miss sandiford get hold of the dog . last october miss sandiford pleaded guilty to being the owner of a dog dangerously out of control and was handed a six month community order with a six month supervision requirement . she was also told that whenever is taken out for walks , he must be muzzled and kept on a harness with two dog leads and has to be accompanied by a person over the age of 16 . miss sandiford was also ordered to keep her home securely fenced , but now it appears she must part with winston to keep her home . david king , one of miss sadiford 's neighbours said : ' it 's brilliant news if they are going to start up the deliveries again . we 've waited a long time to get the mail back . my wife is disabled and having to go down to the depot every time we get a letter is hugely frustrating . it 's also frustrating that it has taken so long for this to be sorted . trevor smith said : ' the royal mail could have handled this a lot better and sorted it sooner . i ca n't understand why they stopped delivering to so many houses anyway . i 'm not happy about it . i 'll believe the deliveries are restarting when i see it . ' ian bell , head of twin valley homes , said : ' we 're delighted to get this result . the people in the area have suffered due to a lack of a postal service and being in fear of this dog for too long , but now they can see an end in sight . the royal mail confirmed a health and safety assessment had been carried out on miss sandiford 's neighbourhood which highlighted an ' unacceptable level of risk associated with deliveries . ' a spokesman said ' suspending deliveries is a last resort but we take the health and safety of our employees very seriously . we apologise to all affected customers and we are pleased with this outcome . '