court battle : lord janner 's alleged victims could sue him for £2.5million after the cps dropped a prosecution against him for the fourth time . lord janner 's alleged victims could sue him for £2.5million after being denied justice for the fourth time in 25 years when the cps refused to prosecute him . police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £100,000 . one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages . his solicitor peter garsden , president of the association of child abuse lawyers , has said that after a string of bungled investigations suing ' may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice ' . several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say janner got to them through paedophile frank beck , a manager of leicester children 's homes accused of abusing more than 200 boys . the cps last week said the ' core allegation ' was that lord janner befriended beck to access children ' to allow him to perpetrate serious sexual offences ' on them . beck died in jail in 1994 . mr garsden said : ' we are preparing a claim for this man against lord janner and leicestershire county council . ' the allegations involved the most extreme abuse . our case is that frank beck was running the home where this man was introduced to greville janner . ' perhaps this is the only way the alleged victims in this case are going to get some sort of justice . ' a compensation scheme for jimmy savile 's dozens of victims was agreed at the high court last year where those abused were paid out of his £3.3million estate . last seen : channel 4 news filmed lord jenner outside his house in london on july 8 2014 , when he was last seen in public . test cases : victims abused by jimmy savile and liberal mp cyril smith also sued after they were denied justice . liz dux , whose law firm slater & gordon respresents 168 of jimmy savile 's victims and 10 of former liberal mp for rochdale cyril smith , says that janner 's alleged victims could be handed £100,000 each . campaigners , police chiefs and mps have accused alison saunders , the director of the cps ( above ) , of ignoring the rights of victims . director of public prosecutions alison saunders , who made the decision not to prosecute lord janner , claimed £13,400 in expenses last year including almost £7,000 on business-class flights . her most recently published expenses show she flew business class to washington , dubai and new york in the year that the cps was forced to cut its budget by 27 per cent . mrs saunders , pictured , has been heavily criticised in recent weeks over corruption charges against journalists and deciding not to prosecute lord janner over alleged sex offences . the publicly funded trips included one to the caribbean for an ‘ official meeting’ last september which cost the taxpayer £3,105 for hotels and flights . a cps spokesman said : ‘ the dpp’s travel overseas helps the cps to join forces with other countries so we can reduce serious crime both in the uk and around the world . ’ the cps said the dpp travels standard fares unless there is a long-haul trip and a requirement to work immediately at the other end . mrs saunders , who earns £200,000 a year , charged the taxpayer £102 for one taxi journey . the cps said they have strict rules on when taxis should be used , including when heavy baggage has to be carried or when there are no other suitable methods of transportation . she said : ' if the victims of lord janner are successful , damages could be sizeable . ' civil redress is the next logical step after the cps decision . ' lord janner 's family has said he is ' entirely innocent of any wrongdoing ' and ' is a man of great integrity ' . a leicestershire county council spokesman said : ' we have been co-operating with the police on aspects of their investigation that relate to historic abuse involving the former county council children 's homes in the 1970s and 1980s . ' since then , the council has introduced a series of safeguards and procedures to minimise the chances of this kind of abuse from happening again . all relevant documents have been provided to the police . ' we have not been approached so far regarding compensation claims and so can not comment further at this time . ' the cps ruled last thursday that there was enough evidence to charge him with 22 sexual offences against children dating from 1969 to 1988 . however , director of public prosecutions alison saunders said he would not be prosecuted because his deteriorating dementia means there could be no criminal conviction . she spoke of her ' deep regret ' as she announced that lord janner will not face trial and admitted he should have been charged three times before in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 but was left off the hook . last night it emerged that lord janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . leicestershire police , who disagree with the decision not to charge janner having investigated him for the past two years , have admitted they may contact the house of lords about the letter . mailonline revealed yesterday that at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 , including ten in the past year . signed : dementia sufferer lord janner signed a letter on april 9 , just a week after he was deemed unfit to stand trial . his signature has been redacted for privacy reasons .