crusaders in chains . by robin esser . ( palatino £9.99 ) journalists tend to be a fund of good stories and robin esser , who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years , is no exception . what shines through this memoir is that journalism is a serious business , but it is also fun . his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express . robin esser ( pictured ) has worked in newspapers for 60 years . once , he answered the phone and an aristocratic voice said : ‘ marlborough here . that awful chap bedford has been round blenheim writing “ woburn is better” on our brochures and giving them to our visitors . that’s the sort of thing you like to print in your newspaper , isn’t it ? ’ he put the phone down without further conversation . fearing a hoax , esser rang blenheim palace , home to the duke of marlborough , where the butler said , haughtily , that the duke never spoke to the press and was in his bath , so couldn’t be disturbed . esser pointed out that the duke would be cross — very cross — with the butler if he was not asked to confirm his call . a chastened butler later called back to confirm that the duke himself had , indeed , called esser . esser rang woburn , where the duke of bedford confirmed the story . next , he sent a motorcyclist to blenheim to pick up a brochure and then ride over to woburn to get it signed and brought back to fleet street . it was the lead story in william hickey next day . at that time , the daily express was owned by lord beaverbrook . he rang esser to say how much he enjoyed the tale . often , however , his calls about the subject of a story would be more ominous . ‘ very good story in your column this morning , mr esser , ’ he would say . ‘ i hope it is true . ’ ‘ i believe so , lord beaverbrook . ’ ‘ good , i’m lunching with him today , ’ he would bark . esser worked in fleet street during the glory days , when reporters kept four pennies in their pockets for the telephone box , a knife to puncture the tyres of rival reporters’ cars , and enjoyed liquid lunches on expenses . esser describes a lunch with an express editor , during which they drank champagne , a goblet of dry sherry , a bottle of chablis , two bottles of claret , a couple of cognacs and , finally , several glasses of port . the editor went back to work . esser went to bed . the editor died young . but more good stories were elicited over a boozy lunch than can ever come from a tuna sandwich at the desk . and they were also the days when esser , as editor of william hickey , could ring aristotle onassis on his yacht at monte carlo and be invited over to meet maria callas . or plot with john paul getty , then the world’s richest private citizen , to disentangle himself from his girlfriend , marie , who had moved into his sutton place home and was angling for marriage . esser suggested an interview in which oil billionaire getty made it plain that he was never going to remarry , with the headline ‘i’m married to an oil rag’ , i.e . my oil business comes before women . shortly afterwards , getty and marie were dining with the paper’s proprietor , lord beaverbrook . marie complained about esser and said the story he’d written wasn’t true . beaverbrook turned to getty — who said that , on the contrary , it was the only article ever written about him that was 100 per cent true . marie packed her bags and left . a grateful getty gave esser the freedom of sutton place . the peak of esser’s 60-year career came when he was editor of the sunday express , which then sold two million copies a week . esser is now an elder statesman of the national press and works for the daily mail , where he is a leader of the fight against attempts by the state to extend its control over the media and to put newspapers in chains . he is particularly critical of the recommendations in the leveson report that threaten the right to protect journalists’ sources , and which mean information acquired confidentially can be seized by the police . he points out that legislation designed to have a chilling effect on investigative journalism already exists — laws on contempt of court , data protection , bribery , harassment and terrorism , among others . there is also the arrival by the back door of a privacy law . the british press is now regulated and self-regulated to such an extent , he says , that it is only half-free . the ‘outrageous’ recommendation that whistleblowers should report misgivings only to the organisation that is responsible for the abuses — never to the media — guarantees that fewer scandals will be exposed . at least one politician — the tory veteran kenneth clarke — gets esser’s blessing , though . the information commissioner , chris graham , had been campaigning for prison sentences for those who breached the data protection act ; newspapers worried almost any inquiry by a journalist risked being classified as a breach . clarke and esser were sitting together at a conference when graham approached them and made his pitch for prison punishment . ‘ if you think i am going to stuff my jails full of people who break your act , you have another think coming , ’ ken clarke roared . of course newspapers must continue to entertain , esser concludes , but they must also be a thorn in the sides of those in power , wrongdoers and those who abuse the young and old . 