various types of renewable energy such as solar and wind are often touted as being the solution to the world’s growing energy crisis . but one researcher has come up with a novel idea that could trump them all - a biological solar panel that works around the clock . by harnessing the electrons generated by plants such as moss , he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere . a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock ( shown ) . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival , which is running from 18 to 20 may in 50 cities across nine countries . his idea is relatively simple - by wiring up plants to an electro-chemical system , he is able to harness the waste electrons and energy produced during the photosynthesis process . and the results are surprisingly efficient . he demonstrated how a smartphone-sized block of moss could be used to power a digital clock . the pint of science festival is taking place from monday 18 to wednesday 20 may 2015 . it sees scientists of various disciplines give talks in pubs around the world , with topics ranging from the brain to space , that the public can attend for £3 - the ‘ price of a pint’ . dr paolo bombelli , with his moss-powered clock , is one of the scientists taking part . this year more than 600 science evenings will take place in 50 cities across nine countries . cities in the uk include bristol , london , manchester and southampton . a full schedule can be found on their website . an a4-sized area of leaves - about 93 square inches ( 600 square centimetres ) - could charge four aa batteries in one hour on a typical sunny day . dr bombelli said his inspiration came from the movie the matrix . ‘ in that movie , they try to generate electrical energy , power , from humans , ’ he explained . ‘ and although it was a bit crude , the concept is actually correct . ‘ but there are perhaps less ethical issues if you take electrons from photosynthetic organisms than humans . ’ the apparatus required is also relatively simple - cables , some water and a plant . at the moment , dr bombelli is trying to find a way to increase the ‘flux’ of electrons emitted by a plant , making more energy available . ‘ if we can crack this , we can get a very large flux of electrons coming out , then we can build a biological solar panel , ’ he told mailonline . dr bombelli said his inspiration came from the 1999 movie the matrix . ‘ in that movie , they try to generate electrical energy , power , from humans , ’ he explained , shown in this image from the movie . ' but there are perhaps less ethical issues if you take electrons from photosynthetic organisms than humans ' . an a4-sized area of leaves - about ( 93 square inches ( 600 square centimetres ) - could charge four aa batteries in one hour on a typical sunny day . the ultimate goal is to develop panels that generate five watts per square metre ( 11 square ft ) . by comparison , a solar panel generates 150 to 200 watts per square metre . dr paolo bombelli presented his research at a preview of the pint of science festival ( left ) . he is adamant that regular moss ( stock image right ) could provide an additional source of renewable energy to complement others that are available . for example , he said people could have one of these panels on the roof of their house to power certain appliances in their home . the goal is to generate up to five watts per square metre ( 11 square feet ) . by comparison , a solar panel generates 150 to 200 watts per square metre . the uses are not just in the home , though . dr bombelli said in regions where people don’t have access to energy , biological solar panels could be useful for tasks such as growing crops . people could be shown how to build the simple systems and , unlike solar panels which require technical expertise to fix , the biological solar panels can be fixed easily . ‘ to assemble one is not too difficult , ’ he explained . and to demonstrate just how useful the technology can be , dr bombelli is gearing up to deploy a plant-powered system in london zoo . a trap camera powered by moss will be installed in the next four to eight weeks , and ultimately the same camera could be used to capture images of animals in the wild . rice farming is one area dr bombelli sees his technology being useful . it could help power technology in areas where electricity is scarce , possibly increasing yields . shown is a stock image of rice paddy fields in india , one region dr bombelli said his technology could be useful . he noted that there are limitations : the technology is not very mobile , and its power output is low compared to other renewable energies . nonetheless he thinks it could be part of a ‘ portfolio of renewable technology’ to generate electricity . ‘ we don’t really think the world is going to be powered by this technology , but it could play a role , ’ he said .