nathan hughes on friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out george north sensationally over-turned on appeal , following an outcry on his behalf . the wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches , after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ‘reckless’ for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion , as he scored a try for northampton on march 27 . hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded . although it was accepted that there had been no intent , the fiji-born player with england ambitions received a further sanction at the original hearing . yet , in a stunning twist – and in light of fierce criticism – the ban was thrown out , as the appeal lodged by wasps was up-held . nathan hughes 's knee collided with george north 's head as he crossed the line to score for northampton . north was left out cold on the pitch at franklin 's gardens and had to be taken off on a stretcher . it was the third time that the wales and lions winger had been knocked out in the space of two months . fiji-born forward hughes missed his side 's champions cup quarter-final loss against toulon last sunday . north was left unconscious by the clash ; a third blow to the head in the space of two months . he has since been advised to take a minimum of a month off from playing , to counter-act his concussion symptoms . graphic , slow-motion footage of the incident at franklin’s gardens led some observers to condemn hughes , but many more spoke up in his defence . wasps were incensed that the forward had been suspended – and their dismay was shared by others outside the club . captain james haskell said : ‘ astounded would be an under-statement’ , while fly-half andy goode added : ‘ really can’t believe or understand the ban for nathan hughes . there was no intent and i feel the accident has been judged on outcome . ’ former england player austin healey branded the sentence a ‘ total joke’ and harlequins captain joe marler echoed his sentiment , calling it an ‘ absolute joke’ . hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident on march 27 . hughes missed his club’s champions cup defeat to holders toulon last sunday , as he awaited his appeal hearing . he is now free to return to action immediately , but he is not in the match-day squad for wasps’ aviva premiership trip to london welsh tomorrow and given the formality of a victory in that fixture , he is unlikely to play again until the visit of exeter to coventry on april 26 . jeremy summers , chairman of the appeal hearing panel , said : ‘ the appeal panel considered it appropriate to hear the matter afresh . having done so and having had the advantage of evidence not before the original panel , it concluded that no act of foul play took place in that the incident occurred accidentally . ’ 