students at a school in memphis were suspended after sharing a mugshot of their teacher on instagram . children posted the police picture of eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson on social media on friday , after she was arrested for driving with an invalid licence . when the authorities of highland oaks middle school in tennessee realised the image had been shared online , they suspended three of the students for three days . eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended . students at the memphis school where she teaches were suspended after sharing this mugshot online . parent shanna richardson told wmc action news said her son , who re-posted the picture , was one of the pupils taken out of school for sharing the mugshot . school officials justified suspended the students by saying they had demonstrated an ' inappropriate use of electronic media ' , but later overturned the decision . ms richardson said her son had apologised to the teacher and she thought it was unfair that he had been singled out . ' my son went to her and talked to her to make her feel better , and explained how he deleted it , '' she said . ' he still got punished and that 's what makes me upset . ' ' it 's public information , put it that way . you can see it on social media or you can see it in a magazine , ' she added . officials at highland oaks middle school in memphis , tennessee , said the children had demonstrated an ' inappropriate use of electronic media ' . but later overturned the suspensions following a backlash . on the ' cell phone policy ' listed on the school 's website and written by the shelby county board of education , it says the increased use of mobile phones is a ' distraction ' to the school environment . it adds : ' these devices are being used by students as a means of cheating on tests , taking inappropriate pictures and video of students and staff for sharing and posting across the internet , threatening and/or bullying other students , and engaging in an excessive amount of social interaction during instructional time . ' the policy bans pupils from having a mobile phone on during the school day , and says children who flout the rules will have the devices confiscated . ' additional consequence ' - such as suspension - could follow . it is not known whether the pupils were using their mobile phones in school to post the images . the ' cell phone policy ' says the increased use of mobile phones in schools is a ' distraction ' to teaching , and could be used to ' take inappropriate pictures and video of students and staff for sharing.. across the internet ' .