in a sport so often dominated by egos , the idiom ‘ if he was chocolate , he’d eat himself’ could be used on a weekly basis in boxing . and going by the sobriquet ‘ kid chocolate’ , you might expect peter quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias . instead , the man who will stand in the opposite corner to limerick’s andy lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist . peter quillin ( left ) may be nicknamed ' kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance . at times , the 31-year-old’s verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight , carrying a 71 per-cent knockout rate in his undefeated record . only once during the course of an exclusive interview with sporstmail does quillin speak with a hint of bite to match the aggression that saw him put hassan n’dam n’jikam on the canvas six times en route to his 2012 world-title win . this comes when he is questioned about the criticism he received after opting to vacate his wbo world championship last year . while lee is the defending champion next weekend , quillin , the challenger , is also the former title holder having never lost the belt in the ring . the 31-year-old had been due to defend against undefeated russian matt korobov but turned down a career-best $ 1.4million pay day when deciding not to fight the mandatory challenger . lee later stepped in to defeat the russian ( for a much lower purse ) , leaving quillin to face accusations of ‘ducking’ his obligations as champion . only recently did quillin reveal that he took a sabbatical to deal with the conflicting emotions of welcoming his first child into the world , while seeing his uncle unsuccessfully battle cancer . ‘ i learned a lot of patience through that , so i couldn’t care less what people’ s opinions are or what they’re about . nobody gets paid to care ! , ’ blasted quillin about the flak he faced for giving up his belt . ‘it’s about being challenged , you’ll be challenged for all different decisions that you make – [ decisions ] that i made in my life and i think that applies to anybody else . the american has a 71 per cent knockout ratio , but he is keeping his feet on the ground ahead of the fight . ‘ i just worry about myself , keep good thoughts and a positive mind and keep a great mindset for myself and that i’m just focused . ’ quillin’s first son , joaquin , was born last august , at the same time his close uncle , eric munson , battled pancreatic cancer , losing his fight just two months ago . he has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence . has he been able to shake the ring rust and the emotional baggage ? ‘ everything is a challenge in life . i was always in the gym , but i was dealing with mental stuff and i’m glad i overcame those things . ‘ now i’m back to where i need to be at , ’ answered quillin . ‘ testament to that is when i step into the ring with andy lee on april 11 . i challenge myself to overcome these things . ‘ my uncle’s in his casket and gone now so i got a closing period , a one on one with my uncle before he passed . ‘ i left him in grand rapids ( michigan ) on february 2 and he passed three days after . it was like a rough thing , but i had my closing period where i accepted that the fate of god is going to be what it is and i didn’t have no control over that . i just learned some powerful things – that i need to accomplish as much as i can while i’m living so that i don’t have regrets when it’s my time . ‘ now i’m just looking forward and andy lee is who’s in front of me right now . ’ moving on seems to be a regular feature of quillin’s life . next week’s fight with lee will take place in the challenger’s adopted home town , but to call quillin one of ‘brooklyn’s own’ is to ignore his path . born in chicago , but raised in grand rapids , only his ‘ kid chocolate’ nickname hints at his pedigree . quillin , who will fight andy lee next week , says it will be a big test against the irish fighter . he was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to the legendary cuban featherweight champion of the same ring name , but quillin also has a blood connection to the caribbean island as his father was born there before defecting to the us . ‘ i went there in 2009 and spent two-and-a-half weeks there and it was one of the best times . i got to learn about life and experience , something different other than what i’m used to , ’ says quillin on his pilgrimage to cuba . ‘ living in the united states all your life , you go out to another country and you assume you know everything until you see other people living a certain way . ‘ i had to recheck myself and say i’m not somebody that knows everything … i found out that it’s not really about the money , it’s about your family . ‘ my father left cuba and met my mom in chicago – my mom’s an african black lady . my mom spoke nothing but english and my dad spoke nothing but spanish , but my dad learned english from my mom and my mom learned spanish from my father . ‘ my father knew the original kid chocolate in cuba , but he’s no relation . it’s part of my destiny that i was named kid chocolate by other people . quillin has been away from the ring for a while , but is now ready to recapture his title against lee . ‘ i knew i had a big responsibility when it came to taking on the name . it’s a great part of my story to inherit a name like that and fight for the legacy of a fellow cuban . ’ undefeated in 31 fights with 22 knockouts , quillin is doing his best to uphold that honour but critics have suggested that he has not always taken on the best opponent available . he has defeated some big names , including an old ronald ‘winky’ wright , while his stoppage wins over tough contenders were impressive and his title win over n’dam ( lee’s opponent at the 2004 athens olympic games ) proved his world-class ability . but lee is arguably his most testing opponent to date . quillin is reluctant to compare their respective levels of opposition , however . ‘ andy lee is just going to be one of those tests for me to go out and challenge [ myself ] . ‘ for me to criticise other people’s performances , that’s not what i came in the game for , i came in the game to be a fighter and worry about fighting . ‘ i gave andy nothing but respect for accomplishing what a lot of people didn’t get to do , which is become a champion so i look at him like a champion and a guy that has never took a loss . ‘ you got to realise that andy is who he is now and andy today might be different from the andy that was [ around ] yesterday or in the future , you never know . ‘ we just prepare and train hard to make sure we’re able to learn [ about ] people right there in that ring and focus on that . ‘ you just have to accept sometimes that people try to be great like other people and never become great , but if you’re able to take what you already have and work with those things you become great . ’ his words read as a tasty recipe to become a champion . 