a hero doctor put his own life on the line to rescue one of his colleagues , by offering to swap places with her when a knife-wielding patient took her hostage . accident and emergency doctor lin xikun knew exactly what he had to do when he walked in on nurse long yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man . the people 's daily online reported he immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing long to go free . hostage : the terrifying moment a man walked into a hospital in china and threatened a nurse with a knife was caught on film . the terrifying situation began at about 11am on april 9 , when the man walked into the hospital in dongguan , guangdong province . he had been brought in by police the night before . ' he told people that he did n't have any money to get home and not only did he not find anyone willing to give him the money to go home , he injured his leg in the process , ' emergency department nurse huang chunyan recalled . when he returned the next day , he was carrying a knife . video footage shows the man wheeling himself to the pharmacy , before he takes the knife out to threaten the nurse . but when he sat down with her , he reassured her : ' do n't worry , i am not going to harm you . ' however , he did ask her to call the police and reporters . but nurse long - who realised now she would not be harmed - had already screamed out in fear . hero : within moments one of the accident and emergency doctors ( right ) walked in and took her place . dr lin heard the scream , and rushed to her aid . nurse huang said : ' dr lin then told the man `` look you are scaring the nurse . she is terrified . you just want a hostage right ? let me swap places with her '' . ' the hostage taker agreed , and dr lin went to sit with him - allowing the nurse , who was clearly terrified , to escape . his ordeal went on for a further 10 minutes before the local police arrived , and the hostage taker voluntarily put the knife down . gentleman : doctor lun xikun , pictured in the room later , managed to keep him calm until the police arrived . however , his brave actions have won the doctor a legion of fans . ' he is like a real gentleman . like a god , ' one nurse said . a police spokesman said later the man had no intention of harming anyone , but just wanted to highlight his plight .