condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday . that 's according close supporter and artist ben quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan 's execution . ' myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down , ' mr quilty told radio 2gb . ' that he would stare them down , that no-one would cover his eyes , that he would face it with dignity . ' as a ' realistic ' mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ' with everything i have for the rest of my life ' , the australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution . scroll down for video . a grim fate awaits myuran sukumaran ( seated left ) and andrew chan ( right ) , who will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad . the execution will likely take place in ' death valley ' - a clearing on nusakambagan . there , they will be given the option to be blindfolded . mr quilty said sukumaran will not cover his eyes . chintu sukumaran is pictured after visiting his brother , myuran , on nusakambangan at the weekend . chinthu sukumaran ( left ) and michael chan ( right ) , the brothers of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan talk to journalists at wijaya pura port after visiting their brothers at nusakambangan prison on sunday . lawyer julian mcmahon tearfully carries a self-portrait painted by death row prisoner myuran sukumaran . fairfax media reported sukumaran has nominated his friend christie buckingham , a senior pastor at melbourne 's bayside church . meanwhile , chan has asked salvation army minister david soper - a family friend - to accompany him to the clearing known as death valley . the chan and sukumaran families took a boat from cilacap to the island of nusakambangan on monday morning for some of their last hours with their loved ones . they initially left the cilicap port followed by australia 's consul-general to bali , majell hind , and lawyer julian mcmahon after it was believed they were told the visitation rules had changed . the families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes on tuesday afternoon , around 2pm local time . the australians will be executed just after the stroke of midnight local time on wednesday ( 3am aest ) . chan and sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on saturday . the pair said they believed it would be unjust to kill them . lawyer julian mcmahon carries a self-portrait painted by australian death row prisoner myuran sukumaran . '72 hours just started ' : this painting was signed by myuran sukumaran shortly after he was informed he had three days to live . paintings of a condemned man : myuran sukumaran 's lawyer , julian mcmahon , has displayed his most recent self-portraits . mr mcmahon told radio 3aw the pair were ' magnificently ' calm when they were told of their executions . chan has requested fresh air and to attend a church service with his family prior to the end . as for sukumaran , he has asked for as much time to paint as possible . mr quilty said he was confident ' myu ' will face death with ' strength and dignity ' . ' he always said to me he 's made terrible mistakes . i think he 's forgiven himself for the horror of what he did , the crime of what he did . macabre scene : coffins are readied for the bodies of the bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . the families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes to chan and sukumaran on tuesday afternoon , around 2pm local time . chan and sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on saturday . ' but he has never been able to forgive himself for what he put his mum through , and his little sister , and his little brother . ' he will face it with strength and dignity . i know that about him . because he wo n't want his mother to think he 's a weeping mess at the end . ' he 'll want his mum to think he 's brave and strong and dignified . ' and she should be proud of the man he has become . ' bribery claims around the death sentences of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan must be investigated urgently as the pair await their execution within days , their lawyer is arguing . muhammad rifan , the lawyer who represented the bali nine pair when they were sentenced to death in 2006 , has told fairfax media judges asked for more than $ 130,000 for a lighter sentence . mr rifan raised the claims months ago - without putting a sum on the bribe - and the men 's current lawyer , todung mulya lubis , has already lodged a complaint with the judicial commission , which appears to have stalled . mr lubis says the commission has an obligation to finish its probe and it 's not too late to stop the firing squad , which is set for tuesday . ' we appeal to the attorney-general , we appeal to the president in the name of due process of law , in the name of fairness and justice , not to do the executions , ' he said . ' this is not an act of ( a ) desperado , this is a demand for justice . ' mr lubis says claims the men face execution because of a corrupt system must be urgently investigated . ' i know that we are counting the hours , ' mr lubis told reporters at cilacap before visiting the australians . ' i know that we 've done everything possible under our legal systems . ' but sukumaran and chan still feel there 's something wrong with all these legal proceedings , especially at the district court in bali . '