when instagram users try to search for the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged in this way . last night instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji . but it appears not all emoji hashtags are created equal . when people try to search for the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji using a hashtag on the app , no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it . and it is believe to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity . the anomaly was discovered by katie notopoulos from buzzfeed . emoji hashtags were released as part of instagram 's latest app update , which also added three new filters and a redesigned love button . hashtags can now be used with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post , comments , captions and when using the explore tab . instagram told mailonline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly . but , given that the emoji could potentially be tagged onto images that contain nudity , it is likely the app is restricting its use under its community guidelines . it also appears the hashtag itself is n't banned across the app , instead it just ca n't be searched for . instagram 's guidelines explain : ' we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons we don’t allow nudity on instagram . ' this includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ' it also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is ok , too . ' ms notopoulos has even created a hashtag called # freetheeggplant . despite issuing an apparent ban on searching for the aubergine , searches for emojis such as the gun ( left ) and a syringe ( right ) are allowed . instagram does n't ban pictures of guns , although it does n't allow the sale of guns . in terms of the needle , many images posted using this hashtag include tattoos and giving blood . following yesterday 's update , instagram users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using emoji . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions ( pictured on rosie huntington-whiteley 's page ) already featuring the small pictures . but she also noted that despite issuing an apparent blanket ban on searching for the aubergine emoji , searches for emojis such as the gun and a needle and syringe are allowed . instagram does n't ban pictures of guns on the app , although it does n't allow the sale of guns . in terms of the needle emoji , many images posted using this hashtag include tattoos and giving blood . however , if an image was to be posted of a person using drugs or guns in an illegal way instagram would remove it . from sending countless ' poops ' to adding hearts to sentimental messages , your choice of emoji says a lot about you . and experts recently analysed more than one billion uses of the tiny icons to see how they are used across different languages . study found that the french are the most loved-up , sending more hearts than any other region , while australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji . swiftkey recently analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . the most popular categories for each language are pictured . in the us , gadget users send 30 per cent more lgbt-related emoji than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands . this is followed by canada and malaysia . to plot the differences in use , london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . the findings of the report came from an analysis of data over a four-month period between october 2014 and january 2015 , and includes both android and ios devices . the languages studied include english , including us , uk and australian , spanish , vietnamese , french , malaysian , arabic , german , turkish , french , portuguese , italian and russian . canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . they use twice as many so-called ' raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and cancer astrological symbol than average . vietnamese and french are half as raunchy as the average and us english speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji at more than double the average . italians use the banana emoji the most . canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . they use twice as many so-called ' raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and cancer astrological symbol than average ( pictured ) . this would rely on either the image being reported by a fellow member or instagram seeing the image itself . subsequently , this suggests it will potentially allow images of illegal activity to appear in search , when tagged in this way , and act on it retrospectively but wo n't allow images of nudity to appear in the search results at all . following the launch of the new feature , instagram told mailonline : ' over the past few years , emoji have become part of a universal visual language . ' from today , on instagram emoji will now work within hashtags , so you can add them to your posts , search for them on the explore page , and tap on them in captions . ' emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . the most popular emoji on instagram is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . other popular emoji are the ok hand gesture , two hearts , clapping hands , another crying with laughter face , thumbs up , smiley face and kiss mark ( pictured left to right ) . instagram also unveiled three new filters . it said juno tints tones green while making ' warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people ' . lark ( left ) desaturates reds while ' punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' and reyes ( right ) was inspired by the coast of point reyes , california . the most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face , followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss emoji . instagram also unveiled three new filters called lark , reyes and juno . lark desaturates reds while ' punching up blues and greens to bring your landscapes to life ' , explained instagram . reyes was inspired by the coast of point reyes , california and adds a ' dusty , vintage feel ' to photos . while juno tints tones green while making ' warm tones pop and whites glow for vibrant photos of people . '