campaign : amanda burleigh has won her battle . a midwife has won a decade-long battle to give mothers more time attached to their newborns before the umbilical cord is cut . amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery – shutting off the blood supply from the placenta – was wrong . since the 1950s , when doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage , they have clamped the cord within seconds of birth . they feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby . but ms burleigh , a midwife at leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust , believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood . she said : ‘ one day i had a brainwave and thought , “ we all clamp the cord within seconds of the baby being born , but we are doing it without any evidence about whether it’s good or bad for the baby . ” ' she contacted other medics , including obstetrician dr david hutchon , and together the group amassed evidence that stopping the blood flow so early could be harmful . one study showed immediate cord-clamping could deprive a baby of a third of its blood stock – enough to fill a medium-size wine glass . in particular , they found the practice raised the risk of iron deficiency anaemia . a tenth of all toddlers are anaemic , which is linked to delays in learning , speaking and understanding . there is also growing evidence that immediate cord-clamping can be particularly harmful for premature babies . they have finally succeeded in getting the national institute for health and care excellence ( nice ) to change its guidelines . nice now states that doctors and midwives should not routinely clamp the cord ‘ earlier than one minute from the birth of the baby’ . the cord should be clamped within five minutes , but left longer if the mother requests . besides the medical benefits , the change means mothers get the chance to hold their babies for a moment while still connected to them . ms burleigh , a midwife for 26 years , said she had to overcome persistent doubts from colleagues , who asked who she was to query medical protocol . ‘ there was quite a lot of resistance from both doctors and midwives , ’ she said . ‘ at times i felt like a whistleblower . ’ there is also growing evidence that immediate cord-clamping can be particularly harmful for premature babies . however , she said she felt a ‘ moral duty’ to challenge a practice that was not grounded in evidence . dr hutchon , now retired , said hospitals had blindly clamped and cut within seconds of birth for decades . he said : ‘ we didn’t notice we were doing any harm because we were doing it to every baby . ’ he became interested in 2003 after hearing that more premature babies survived when the cord was not cut early . but he said there was ‘ continual resistance to change’ – with some doctors refusing delayed cord-clamping even today . some still believed the theory that immediate clamping reduced the risk of mothers haemorrhaging , dr hutchon said , even though a 2013 study found it made no difference . ms burleigh , recently named midwife of the year by the british journal of midwifery , added : ‘ in 20 or 30 years i think we will look back on immediate cord-clamping and think , “ what were we doing ? we dropped an absolute clanger . '' ' a spokesman for nice said that its advice on care during childbirth was reviewed ‘ at regular intervals’ .