a sydney teenage girl last seen leaving for school 40 years ago probably ran away and may still be alive , a coronial inquest has found . marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus . the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared , magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday . marion carole rees ( pictured ) who went missing 40 years ago may still be alive , according to an inquest . ms freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide . the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends , she said . ' it is likely nothing has changed in the intervening period . ' ' she may still want to avoid detection and not wish to make contact with her family . ' she said she was unconvinced , on the balance of probabilities , that ms rees is dead . magistrate freund said ' the ability to assume a new identity and new life would have been a lot easier forty years ago ' . marion ( pictured with her family ) was reportedly fed up with taking care of her younger siblings , as her mother had a drinking problem . marian had only been living in australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to matravill high school with her friend tanya davenport . the 13-year-old jumped up to say she had forgotten something and got off the bus . she has n't been seen since , however her mother 's boyfriend at the time came out to say he thought he spotted her at a bus stop in kingsford just weeks after she disappeared . in a statement last year , mrs davenport told the daily telegraph that marian was preoccupied during their bus journey and thought she may have seen something when she jumped off the bus . ' [ marian ] was sitting next to me and from memory she looked a bit upset . during our conversation , she was looking out the window . i do n't know whether she saw something or what but she jumped out of her seat and said ' i 've forgotten something . i 've got to go and i 'll see you at school , ' mrs davenport said . marian had spoke about running away on numerous occasions according to her aunt and grandmother . ms rees would now be 53 years old . it is believed that she may have been running away from her mother margaret and her two siblings john and joanne , who she often had to take care of due to her mother 's drinking . after her disappearance marian 's relatives , including her grandmother and her aunt , told of how the teenager longed to run away from her normal life . the case has been referred back to the missing person 's unit for further investigation as the magistrate believes there were holes in the police investigation at the time . 