sauntering down leafy avenues past typical dutch step-­gabled buildings , carpets of crocuses , the occasional cyclist whooshing quietly by and the sun bouncing off the canal , i can think of few more pleasant places to spend a spring weekend than the hague . this is also prime territory for a gallery­ lover like me : the beautiful , elegant and not-­too-­big mauritshuis was restored last year . this is also the home of girl with a pearl earring , the ' dutch mona lisa ' . but i am not only here for the vermeer , rembrandt and hals . much more than a village : the parliament building stands proud in the hague - a hidden gem of a city . there is the escher gallery ( devoted to that geometry-­defying genius ) , the contemporary art gemeentemuseum and more . meanwhile , i am being charmed by an unsuspected delight : this medieval city by the sea . ' city ? this is europe 's biggest village , ' says my guide , remco dörr . he is right : the hague , despite being home to holland 's royal family and an eye-­catching parliament , was classed as a village until louis bonaparte ( napoleon 's brother and king of holland ) set up here in 1806 . it has a genteel moat/canal , which encircles the historic centre . we step across and in front of an approaching car , which slows down deferentially . remco tells me that many traffic lights have been taken out for aesthetic reasons . ' now , the cars are very careful , ' he says . the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer 's girl with a pearl earring . you have to love that kind of dutch logic - though it does n't seem to apply to cyclists , who rule the place . next time , i will rent a bicycle , although the trams and buses are easy and cheap ( an all-day pass costs €7.70/£5.60 ) . over the moat , we are in noordeinde street . remco ushers me into what used to be part of a palace , and still has huge chandeliers and ornate mirrors . this cobbled part of town is home to private galleries and unassuming cafes ( i snacked in the juni lekkernijen ) , as well as altogether more assuming ones . hanting is the latest michelin star in town and the best place for indonesian cuisine . the most prized dutch colony was apparently run from the hague ( aka ' the widow of indonesia ' ) . for summer : the excellent grapes & olives and the café de bieb on veenkade will have boats on a newly renovated bit of canal , with music and boat trips planned , including a tour at the kompaan brewery ( i can vouch for the product ) . my art gorging finishes at the panorama , an extraordinary , 14 ft-­high circular panorama of the hague 's seaside resort , scheveningen , painted by hendrik mesdag . i take a 15-minute tram to the place itself and gorge on scallops and sole at catch by simonis on the harbour front . the hague has netted a new fan . british airways ( 0844 493 0787 , www.ba.com ) flies to rotterdam den haag ( half-hour taxi ) from £100 return . for tours with remco dörr , email remco.dorr @ ­hotmail.com . double rooms at the carlton ambassador ( 00 31 70 363 0363 , www.carlton.nl/­ambassador ) cost from £84 , room only . more information on travel in the netherlands at www.holland.com . 