it is a hill start to give even the most confident learner driver nightmares . the eshima ohashi bridge in japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . scroll down for video . the eshima ohashi bridge in japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . the concrete road bridge , pictured , spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . the two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres making it the largest rigid frame bridge in japan and the third largest in the world . it 's incredible slope , which has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on the shimane prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on the tottori prefecture side gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance . the unusual steep bridge was recently featured in a commercial for daihatsu motor co. 's tanto minivan to test the vehicle 's durability . 1 . sidhue river bridge – china . at an incredible 460m ( 1509ft ) , it is the highest bridge in the world . suspended across the sidhue river in the badong county of the hubei province , in stretches more than 1,300m to connect shanghai and chendo . the bridge makes up part of a dangerous mountain path known as highway huyu g50 . 2 . millau viaduct - france . when it was opened in 2004 , this was the world’s tallest vehicular bridge and it is still taller than the eiffel tower at its highest point . the cable-stayed bridge , which spans across the tarn river valley in southern france , remains in the world 's top twenty highest at 270m above the valley floor . the tallest concrete pylon on the millau viaduct is 800ft on its own - higher than most buildings . 3 . monkey bridges – vietnam . made of one single bamboo log for your feet , and another as a rather unsteady handrail , this bridge us named from the stooped 'monkey-like ' posture people must adapt when crossing to try and avoid falling into the river below . 4 . royal gorge bridge - colorado , us . america’s highest suspension bridge can look down nearly 90 stories at the arkansas river in the royal gorge below . at 295m ( 969 ft tall ) and 384m ( 1,260ft ) long , it was first built in 1929 , but it did not get stabilizing wind cables until 1982 meaning it would have swung dangerously in a high gust . 5 . trift suspension bridge -switzerland . suspended across the alps , this bridge has some of the most stunning views in the world . built at 100m ( 328ft ) high and 170m ( 558ft ) long , trift was built in 2004 and became one of the mountain range's longest and highest pedestrian suspension bridges . it was supposed to connect hikers to a hut made inaccessible by a retreating glacier but it was known to swing wildly when windy and was only allowed to be crossed in summer months in clear weather . higher handrails and stabilizing cables were installed in 2009 but the bridge is still known to move in bad weather .  