a northern indiana pizzeria that closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support . ' it 's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal , ' said kevin o'connor , owner of memories pizza . o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana . scroll down for video . full house : many customers wait for service as memories pizza reopened for business on thursday . a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours . owner kevin o'connor closed the shop ( seen on tuesday ) for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . o'connor , the 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring . crystal o'connor said the amount of money was overwhelming . o'connor said the criticism has n't changed his beliefs . he said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small , one-traffic-light town of walkerton , 20 miles southwest of south bend , but that he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his christian beliefs . ' i 'd do the same thing again . it 's my belief . it 's our belief . it 's what we grew up on , ' he said . ' i 'm just sorry it comes to this because neither one of us dislike any of those people . i do n't hold any grudges . ' a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours . o'connor said he has n't received the money yet , but said he plans to give some to charity and use some money to make improvements to the restaurant . the 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring . ' i enjoy it . i do n't want to leave here , ' he said . ' i want this to be something that my daughter can enjoy . ' crystal o'connor said the amount of money was overwhelming . anger : a protester is seen outside memories pizza in this photo with a sign that reads ' bigots ' . uproar : protesters ( like the ones seen here on march 28 ) have been upset over indiana passing a new law , which critics said allows businesses the ability to refuse service to gay customers on religious grounds . the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana . family : o'connor , seen with his daughter crystal , says gays are welcome in his restaurant , but he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his beliefs . the restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. thursday . o'connor says that within an hour , all eight tables were filled and six people were waiting for carryout orders . ' we were like , `stop ! stop ! stop ! ' '' she said . ' it was really making us uncomfortable , ' her father said . the restaurant reopened about 4 p.m. thursday . he says that within an hour , all eight tables were filled and six people were waiting for carryout orders . there were no protests as of 7 p.m . jeanne and ken gumm from outside laporte , about 20 miles northwest of walkerton , said they had been waiting for the pizzeria to reopen so they could show their support . ' we could n't wait to get down here , '' said ken gumm , 66 , a tank truck driver . ' to us this whole thing is n't about gay marriage . it 's mostly about freedom of religion . ' 