one in three gp training places remain empty , it emerged today , sparking concerns patients will struggle more than ever to access a family doctor . while the government is desperately trying to recruit more gps , medical leaders warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked . the news comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors , and last week it was revealed that 10 per cent of patients tried - and failed - to book a gp appointment in 2013/14 . access to a gp is about to get even worse , as new figures show a third of gp training posts remain unfilled . this means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year . each august , junior doctors with two years experience after medical school begin training as either a gp or a hospital doctor . this year , 29 per cent of gp trainee places remain unfilled , at a time when there is already a shortage of doctors . in some parts of the uk , more than 60 per cent of positions remain unfilled , sparking fears patients may struggle to see their gp . the figures , from the gp national recruitment office website , were disclosed in an investigation by pulse magazine . overall , they show that more than 1,000 gp training posts are vacant . in the east midlands , 64 per cent of posts are unfilled , with 63 per cent vacancy rate in the north east of england . in the west midlands 47 per cent of posts are empty and across the south coast 41 per cent of places remain unfilled . in 2013 , the last time figures are available , there was a vacancy rate for gp trainee posts of 8 per cent at the same point in the recruitment process . of the 12 areas across the england , scotland and wales , only london managed to fill its vacancies in the first round of recruitment . doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis , as there is already a shortage of doctors in many parts of the country . two other areas – kent , surrey & sussex and thames valley are expected to do so in the next round of recruitment . dr krishna kasaraneni , chair of the british medical association 's gp education committee told the telegraph the figures show the country is headed towards a ' crisis ' in gp recruitment . he said : ' we saw a significant decline last year and this is looking even worse – with more and more gps retiring and not being replaced , we are heading towards a major recruitment crisis . ' in many parts of the country , patients are struggling to get access to their gp because there are too few doctors . he said : ' some practices are having to close their doors , others are reducing the level of service , because there just are n't enough doctors and ever more demands on them , ' he said . he added junior doctors are opting to become hospital doctors instead of gps as they fear they will be overburdened by work as a family doctor . the figures will be a blow health education england , the body responsible for gp recruitment , who had set a target to recruit 50 per cent of junior doctors to become gp trainees by 2016 . they were already forced to push back their deadline for this target by a year , after applications for gp training fell in 2014 . in 2014 , after three rounds of recruitment , there was an overall vacancy rate of 12 per cent for gp training posts . 