many of us are very particular about how strong we like our tea and coffee and the same applies to how hot it has to be . with this in mind , engineers have created a heated mug designed to keep the temperature ' just right ' from the first sip to the last drop . called the nanoheat wireless heated mug , the $ 39.99 ( £26 ) gadget can maintain the temperature at around 71°c ( 160°f ) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all . scroll down for video . the $ 39.99 ( £26 ) nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°c and 71°c ( 155 and 160 °f ) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink to finish the beverage before its gets too cold . the goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story the three bears . this principle applies to the nanoheat wireless heated mug and the margins in this case are between 68°c and 71°c ( 155 and 160°f ) . the mug weighs a little over one pound ( 454g ) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional usb cord . the goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story the three bears . in the story , goldilocks finds a house owned by three bears . each bear has their own preference for porridge and beds and after testing all three she determines that one is too hot , one is too large and baby bear 's preference is ' just ' right . ' this principle applies to the nanoheat wireless heated mug and the margins in this case are between 68°c and 71°c ( 155 and 160°f ) . it was designed by michigan-based design hmi and green lama , currently raising funds on kickstarter to fund production of the mug . the team has raised more than $ 48,900 ( £32,330 ) of its $ 120,000 ( £79,300 ) goal so far and backers can pre-order the mug for $ 30 ( £20 ) . if the campaign is successful , the mugs will start shipping in august this year , after which point they will retail for $ 39.99 ( £26 ) . gita bedi , president of green lama said : ' as an engineering consultant i have been working with innovators on a global basis helping integrate innovations and technologies into consumer products . ' during this period , working from home , i would regularly have cups of coffee . ' as i was working , the coffee would get cold after a few sips [ and ] i would have to throw the coffee away and leave work to get another cup . even though i brewed eight to 10 cups , most went to wast . the mug weighs a little over one pound ( 454g ) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged . a built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes , to conserve energy . the mug is only available in white , but wireless charging plates are available in both white and black . ' i have tried all different types of mugs , cups and warming plates but they were very inefficient , clumsy and a waste of money . ' so in late 2013 i started working on a wireless heated coffee mug with a rechargeable battery . ' the nanoheat wireless heated mug can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged and a built-in timer will automatically turn off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes to conserve energy . its rechargeable battery sits at the bottom of the mug , below a nanoheater protected by a heatsleeve that covers the inside of the gadget . the mug is only available in white , but wireless charging plates are available in both white and black . smartqsine is the first wireless monitoring system for food and cooking supplies.items are placed in jars on the $ 39 ( £26 ) smartqsine device . an app then lets homeowners check the precise amounts of anything in their kitchen using a smartphone or tablet , thanks to a built-in sensor pad ( pictured ) . smartqsine is the first wireless monitoring system for food and cooking supplies . items are placed in jars on the $ 39 ( £26 ) smartqsine device . an app then lets homeowners check the precise amounts of anything in their kitchen using a smartphone or tablet , thanks to a built-in sensor pad . as food from the jar is used up notifications are sent automatically to the phone to warn when its running low . any food item can be used and calibrated with the pad and people can check the status of the jar at any point and while shopping , for example . the firm said : ' no more guesswork , n more over buying . just check your smart device and get the exact amount you have left . ' smartqsine works great solo or together with multiple sensor pads - it 's perfect in the home , office pantry , professional kitchen and more . ' 