david beckham 's 40th birthday celebrations next weekend were never going to be a small affair . the world-famous football star is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family . and it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech . scroll down for video . david beckham 's ( left ) 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside of morocco ( right ) . amanjena resort amanjena ( peaceful paradise ) is the first aman resort on the african continent and is located just outside the ancient city of marrakech . set within an oasis of palms and olive trees , moorish heritage is reflected throughout the pisé-walled resort , including the morocco luxury pavilions that radiate out from an ancient bassin . the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings . according to the sun on sunday , tom cruise , guy ritchie , gordon ramsay and best friend dave gardner are set to attend the event , said to be held at the secluded haven which more resembles an ancient palace . it is not the first time the beckhams have stayed at the resort , with victoria and david renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 . ' he 'll only turn 40 once so he wants to do it in style . morocco is a place close to his heart , ' a source also told the paper . the star 's big day is on saturday , 2 may and , according to the reports , his guests have only been told to keep the day free , with specific details remaining a secret . the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise , which is echoed by its remote , private surroundings . with the backdrop of the high atlas mountains , the hotel , which is the first aman resort in africa , is adorned with lawns , vines , emerald-clay roofs , moroccan marble fountains and hand-cut , glazed tiles known as zellij . it is not the first time the beckhams have stayed at the glamorous resort , with victoria and david renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 . treatments at the beauty centre include massages , manicures , pedicures and facials for the perfect birthday relaxation . the centre also features a timber-floor gym if guests wish to keep in shape during their trip . tom cruise , guy ritchie , gordon ramsay and best friend dave gardner are set to attend the event , said to be held at the secluded haven which more resembles an ancient palace than a hotel . the high-profile guests will be able to dine outdoors , choosing from mediterranean and moroccan cuisine . furthermore thai dishes can be served alongside the pool , and breakfast and lunch can be taken overlooking the golf course . there is a private dining area , which can be hired out for occasions such as david 's birthday meal , and a cigar bar for after meals . fanning out from the central water pool are beautiful , moroccan-style pavilions ( many with private pool and garden ) . the high-profile guests will be able to dine outdoors , choosing from mediterranean and moroccan cuisine . the resort 's 18 air-conditioned pavilions include a bedroom-living room and spacious bathroom and dressing area . the living area consists of a high , domed ceiling , a king-size platform bed and an open fireplace . a centrepiece to the opulent resort comes in the form of a large bassin , a picturesque holding pool , which all of the pavilions fanning out from it . beckham and his guests will be able to take advantage of the 32 private air-conditioned pavilions which feature wood-burning fires , terraces with gazebos , and lantern-lit seating areas , or splash out on the seven pavilions which include private pools . each pavilion comprises a bedroom with domed living room area , king-size bed , spacious bathroom and dressing area , open fireplace , mini-bar , private courtyard with gazebo , a lounge sofa and dining area . when not enjoying the hammam , spa , swimming pool and tranquillity within the hotel , the vibrant city of marrakech with its souks , gardens and historic buildings are easily accessible . the concierge at the hotel is happy to arrange private day tours with an english-speaking guide on request , so they beckhams could see the city of marrakech . the beckhams can take advantage of the amanjena spa which offers everything from hammams to traditional moroccan scrubs to massage and reflexology and it provides a genuine sanctuary . there is a gym , 108ft heated swimming pool and separate shallow pool . if the sports star wishes to stay active while he is away , there 27-hole championship golf course located next door to the resort is right next door and a 108ft outdoor pool . if victoria and other fashion conscious members of the group wish to shop , the tripadvisor travellers ' choice 2015 winner also has three boutiques located conveniently inside the resort , maintaining the privacy of the party . harper will equally have a great time if she is taken along , with the private pools having a shallow end , ideal for young swimmers . curl up with a book ! it is doubtful the beckhams will have time to read but if they want to there is a library with fireplace , cosy daybeds and many books , magazines , dvds and board games . amanjena 's six two-storey maisons rise seven metres from floor to ceiling in a variation of the moroccan townhouse , with trines of second-floor windows looking inward , as if to a garden courtyard . the living area , located on the main floor , features an arc-cut fireplace , a zellij wall fountain and a small bathroom . living areas come complete with cosy fires . for the party guests there are plenty of activities available from hiking and biking in the atlas mountains to cycling in and around the city itself . opulent surroundings ! the five-star hotel , built in the style of a sultan 's palace is a peaceful retreat outside the bustling city of marrakech . the suites have a minibar , a cd player and a tv/dvd . bathrooms feature a stepped and columned soaking tub of green moroccan marble highlights , along with double vanities , soaring mirrors , twin dressing areas and a separate shower . david and his guests can relax under the stars on loungers , lit by a sea of lanterns that decorate the palace-like hotel . this stunning , serene hotel is set out around the central feature of the ancient bassin ( irrigation pool ) which lies at the heart of the property .    