if it feels as though summer has come early , that’s because we’re already enjoying august temperatures . this week’s remarkable spell of sunshine in southern england is to continue – and warm up . the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c ( 75f ) today and 25c ( 77f ) tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21.9c ( 71.4f ) recorded in london on friday . the delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august . scroll down for video . beach life : people enjoy the weather at barry island in south wales yesterday , as most of england and wales enjoys warm spring conditions . sunseekers : people sit on the beach at barry island in wales , as forecasters predicted temperatures could reach 24c by tomorrow . anyone for cricket ? the action in front of worcester cathedral during day two of a match between worcestershire and yorkshire yesterday . unusual sight : a man appears to walk across a rainbow at the beach at barry island , near cardiff in south wales yesterday . stunning : a fog bank rolling onto portsmouth from the solent , after cool air moved quickly over the surface of the warm water . britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records . the record for the hottest day ever in britain was set more than a decade ago in august 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1c ( 101f ) in gravesend , kent . coral’s price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1 , while ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever . there has been a surge in bets after the recent warm weather , and william hill has 8/1 odds that the temperature will exceed 100f ( 37.8c ) this year . ladbrokes is also offering 8/1 that the april record of 29.4c ( 84.9f ) set in 1949 in camden , north london , will be broken by the end of the month . the forecast for today is actually warmer than the 18c ( 64f ) average daytime temperature in august , and way ahead of the 11c ( 52f ) normally expected in april . this weekend will be slightly cooler than the dizzy heights expected tomorrow , but the clear skies and above-average temperatures are forecast to last well into next week . met office spokesman laura young said last night : ‘ we are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days . unless you are in north-west scotland , which will see quite a lot of rain , it will be dry and sunny . ‘ on tuesday we could see 23c to 25c ( 73f to 77f ) in prolonged sunshine . that is double the daytime average for this time of year . ‘ wednesday will be 22c to 25c ( 72f to 77f ) or higher in places . thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens . wednesday warmth : most of england and wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24c later this week . peak district awakening : the morning mist looking out across the derbyshire village of foolow , near grindleford , which woke to a frost . going for a walk : a deer in the morning mist near foolow in derbyshire yesterday , as britons prepared for the warmest weather of the year so far . ‘ there is a cold air mass arriving on thursday night but it is expected to stay dry well into next week . after that we can be less certain . ’ the spell of warm weather , which has now lasted more than a week , has seen people flocking to the nation’s beaches . among them were swimmers in the south-west who were stunned to see giant jellyfish in the waters . barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to six feet long , were spotted near hope cove in south devon . the species are usually found in the sunnier climes of the mediterranean , but the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant that more plankton becomes available and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . the species is harmless to humans , but with the weather warming up then other jellyfish could be heading our way . beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . devon vet rupert kirkwood , whose son henry had an encounter with one of the jellyfish while kayaking , said : ‘ no doubt they are encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . i have never seen them so early in the year . could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . ’ after the bad smog seen late last week in the south-east , the air will be relatively clear for most parts over the next few days . poor visibility : a fog-shrouded brighton seafront yesterday , in stark contrast to yesterday 's sunshine , as more warm temperatures are on the way . apocalypse wow ! it could be a poster for the 1979 vietnam war film , but this stunning sunrise , behind dredger britannia beaver , painted the skies in gravesend , kent . spectacular start : the sun rises over fishing boats off the north east coast near cullercoats bay in north tyneside yesterday morning . over the water : sunrise near cullercoats bay in north tyneside , as britain basked in the hottest temperatures of the year so far . but pollution levels will increase again on thursday and friday , particularly in the south-west , where cornwall and devon are expected to see fumes rise to dangerous levels . the met office three-month contingency forecast for public officials predicts that there is an average chance of a warmer than usual summer . but thankfully the chances of it being much colder than usual is just 10 per cent . a spokesman said : ‘ unfortunately , the weather we get in april doesn’t necessarily tell us anything about the kind of summer we can expect . ‘we’re still in the midst of spring , so it’s far too early to say what the months of june , july and august may hold . ’ ladbrokes spokesman david williams said yesterday : ‘ the money flooding in on weather bets is unusual and has taken us a bit by surprise . ‘ this is the first time we have seen quite significant sums wagered on this specific bet - so obviously people out there sense something hot is coming . ’ and nicola mcgeady from coral added : ' the british public are obsessed with the weather and that is reflected in the interest in weather betting . ' hot day : these graphics show the cloud coverage and temperatures tomorrow , with the south east expected to have the best weather . arriving : the predicted hot weather this week is the result of a plume of warm air heading towards the uk from the south west . green for cold , red for hot : these graphics from netweather show the forecast temperatures for tomorrow ( left ) and wednesday ( right ) . a third of weather bets to ladbrokes have come from punters in the south east - the area that has enjoyed the best conditions over the past week . and the bookmaker said its biggest bet of the year so far has been £1,000 on 2015 to be the hottest year on record at 8/1 - placed in january . meanwhile , coral - mailonline 's official betting partner - said it has even had a request from someone asking to bet on rain every day this summer . the met office has confirmed that hotter-than-average temperatures are more than twice as likely than below-average conditions until june . it said in a long-range forecast that ‘ much of the tropical pacific ocean remains warmer than average and close to el nino thresholds’ . el nino - the warming of pacific sea surface temperatures - can trigger drought in south-east asia and australia as well as floods in south america . the met office says most climate models ‘ now suggest that sea surface temperatures will exceed el nino thresholds in late spring or early summer’ . with britain set to bask in its hottest temperatures of the year so far this week , thousands of parents and children are expected to head to the beach . but firefighters have warned those thinking about stripping off and diving into the water - with more than 650 water-related deaths in the uk in 2013 . the act , known as ‘tombstoning’ , can lead to people suffering ‘ cold water shock’ when the air temperature is much higher than that of the water . london fire brigade assistant commissioner peter cowup said : ‘ rivers , lakes and canals may look inviting , especially on a hot day and after a drink . ‘ but it’s important to realise that open water has hidden dangers that can hurt you and at worse , kill you . ’ on the first-ever drowning prevention and water safety week , firefighters added that the 16-30 age group was worst-hit by water deaths in 2013 . giant jellyfish are being spotted off britain earlier than normal thanks to the warm weather , it was claimed yesterday . kayaker rupert kirkwood , a seasoned sea watcher , was stunned to see the giant creatures off hope cove in devon . the barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to 6ft long , were pictured floating next to mr kirkwood’s kayak in the sun-drenched blue waters . up close : rupert kirkwood 's son henry had this encounter with a barrel jellyfish near hope cove off the coast of south devon . the species are usually found in more tropical areas such as the mediterranean sea . but the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant more plankton is available - and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . the dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . floating : the dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . the red cross says that anyone who does get stung should not try to use urine to provide relief as the healing properties of this are an urban myth . vinegar is said to be far more effective . vet mr kirkwood said : ‘ no doubt they [ are ] encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . ‘ i have never seen them so early in the year . could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . ’