london midland has vowed to give police cctv images of a ' disgusting ' passenger suspected of defecating inside a train carriage as it travelled through the birmingham area . the passenger who made the awful discovery said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service from lichfield trent valley to longbridge . it plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism on the cross city line caused severe delays . a passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between lichfield trent valley and longbridge . passenger christopher talbot told the birmingham mail he was heading to work on the 7:50am service on thursday when he found excrement in a newspaper on the floor . he said : ‘ as i sat down i saw a newspaper on the floor . i leaned over and noticed there was something inside it . ‘ it looked like poo basically . the smell was going through the carriage . these trains have toilets on . ’ the 52-year-old , who works as a cleaner at a school , said there was only one other passenger in the carriage , and he reported the incident to platform staff when he disembarked at butlers lane in four oaks . london midland said that cctv images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation . the service terminated at birmingham new street so that the carriage that was used as a toilet could be cleaned . normal service resumed at about 9:30am . a network rail spokeswoman confirmed to mailonline travel that excrement was discovered inside a carriage . a spokesman for london midland said the ' act of vandalism ' was ' disgusting ' . the service terminated at birmingham new street so that the carriage could be cleaned . he added : ‘ it was necessary for the train to be cleaned before we could continue to let passengers onto the service . ‘ i would like to apologise to our genuine passengers who experienced the disruption . ’ london midland confirmed that cctv images of the culprit , who fled the train , would be passed onto police for investigation . a british transport police spokeswoman told mailonline travel that it has no record of a formal complaint being filed . a similar incident occurred last month when a british airways flight was forced to return to london after a foul odour emanated from an overflowing toilet . passenger abhishek sachdev , a councillor who represents potters bar parkfield , said the seven-hour flight to dubai was aborted ‘ because of a smelly poo in the toilet ' .