a roman catholic school attended by nick clegg’s eldest son and two of tony blair’s has been cleared of discriminating against the poor . the office of the schools adjudicator criticised the oratory school in london for engaging in ‘ social selection’ , saying it had broken the rules in 105 different ways . the state-funded school in fulham , west london , was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after the watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-catholic children . the oratory school in london was cleared of discriminating against the poor and non-catholic children . the watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using its strict faith-based entry requirements . but yesterday , this was overturned by a high court judge who said this decision was ‘flawed’ and ‘unreasonable’ . mr justice cobb said : ‘ the adjudicator’s conclusion that the governing body of the school had operated an admissions system which was socially selective , discriminatory , and unfairly disadvantageous to children from less well-off families was flawed and was reached by a process which was procedurally unfair to the school . ’ the original case followed a complaint by the british humanist association in the spring of 2013 . the school , founded in 1863 , has prioritised pupils based on whether they sing in the choir , arrange flowers in church , serve at the altar or assist in pastoral work . in its ruling , the watchdog said the school must not grant places ‘ on the basis of any practical or financial support parents may give to the school’ - nor should children be favoured on the basis of their hobbies and activities . it said the ratio of children receiving free school meals - used as an indicator of poverty - was only 6-7 per cent compared with the local average of 25.1 per cent . mr clegg’s eldest son antonio , 12 , attends , while mr blair sent his two eldest sons , nicky and euan , to the school with daughter kathryn believed to have joined in the sixth form . the boys’ school , which admits girls to the sixth form , also counts deputy labour leader harriet harman among its alumni . a high court judge branded the decision by the watchdog ' flawed ' . it is one of the most popular in the country and is always oversubscribed . in a reserved judgment after a hearing last month mr justice cobb ordered the adjudicator to think again after remitting the case to be heard by a fresh adjudicator . he said : ‘ i am satisfied that the adjudicator reaches this conclusion by a mix of flawed reasoning and unfair process . in the circumstances i am satisfied that this finding must be quashed . ’ he ordered the adjudicator to pay 80 per cent of the school’s £155,000 costs with £60,000 on account . ane vernon , solicitor for the school , said : ‘ the allegation that the school was socially selective and discriminating against less well-off families has been hurtful to staff , pupils and parents . ‘ this damaging allegation has been found by the judge to be wrong and unfair , and the finding vindicates the robust approach the school has had to take against the office of the schools adjudicator . ’ headmaster david mcfadden added : ‘ the judge’s decision supports us in continuing to preserve the school’s ethos and serving catholic families throughout the whole of london . ‘ it is profoundly regrettable that the school - and other schools - have to expend precious resources , year after year , in standing up to the office of the schools adjudicator . ‘ these are key resources that should go to our children’s education and their future , not overturning ultimately flawed and unmeritorious decisions . schools within the state sector have serious questions to ask about the adjudication process . ’ the judge said he feared his conclusions would not bring an end to investigations into the school which had been going on for ‘ far too long . ’ london oratory was rated ‘outstanding’ by ofsted and has some of the best results in the country . the case comes after a group of secular vicars and laypeople wrote an open letter calling for all church of england schools to stop admissions based on faith criteria . church groups have complained that a ‘ secular agenda’ is increasingly being imposed on faith schools which aim to uphold their traditional beliefs . 