residents in san bernardino county in california were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds . the county parks department set the fire on tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails , although a shift in the wind in the mojave narrows park , between apple valley and victorville caused the fire to spread . at its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze . scroll down for video . an estimated 200 firefighters battled the blaze in california which threatened several outlying ranches . residents were forced to flee their homes as the fire approached their properties near victorville . one shed and one vehicle were engulfed in flames but fortunately no homes were damaged by the blaze . by late tuesday evening , the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze , which continued to burn overnight . san bernardino county fire chief mark hartwig told the los angeles times that he anticipated the fire should be fully doused later today . park officials had been granted the appropriate permits to attempt their controlled burn , even though it soon spiraled out of control . mr hartwig said : ' no homes were lost due to great brush clearance around homes . ' one shed and one car was destroyed in the blaze which needed 200 firefighters , four aircraft and a and a pair of bulldozers to counter the flames . the fire was started in the mojave narrows park between apple valley and victorville in california . firefighters battled to save this home as flames lapped the outskirts of the property in apple valley . the fire started as a controlled burn but soon went out of control engulfing an estimated 70 acres . the fire spread through the area due to the tinder-dry conditions and threatened several nearby homes . park officials in san bernardino county started the controlled blaze on tuesday but it soon spread . more than 200 members of san bernardino fire department were engaged in battling the flames . four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers were deployed in an effort to stop the fire from spreading further . firefighters managed to get the blaze under control by 7pm tuesday allowing residents to return home . at the height of the blaze more than 70 acres of land were on fire threatening several homes . fire officers said they hoped they would be able to extinguish the blaze later today depending on the weather . nobody was injured by the blaze which was started to protect from an uncontrolled fire later in the year . 