the world 's biggest bunny is preparing to see his heavyweight title challenged - by his giant son . darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit . but his title is now being contended by his son jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do . scroll down for video . new contender : jeff the rabbit , pictured with his owner annette edwards , measures 3ft 8in long and is set to challenge for the title of the world 's biggest bunny . the rabbits ' owner , annette edwards , 63 , from bromsgrove , says she looks forward to the day when jeff dwarfs his father . it costs her £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples . the pair both also eat a huge dog bowl full of specialist rabbit food every day , and a bale of hay a week . ms edwards said : ' although the pair of them are huge , they 're the best animal friends i could ask for . giant genes : jeff , left , is pictured with his giant father darius , who currently holds the record for being the world 's largest rabbit . rabbit fan : ava johnson , seven , struggles to pick up the monstrous jeff as he is almost as large as her . ' they are both very laid back and chilled out - jeff really takes after his dad . most rabbits like lots of attention and get on well with children and these two are no exception . ' they 're even friendly to other animals ! jeff 's best friend is my other pet , a boxer dog called kay . ' continental giants are the largest breed of rabbit and can grow to around 4ft when fully grown but darius - who is officially four foot four inches long - and jeff come from a bumper crop . jeff was born after ms edwards introduced darius to one of her other rabbits sally - another continental giant who measures 3ft 5 inches . the family all live in her back garden but they are so big that they each require a dog crate that would normally house a pet as large as german shepherd . annette added : ' darius was always big but jeff is huge considering he 's still a baby . i 'm expecting him to grow much bigger than his dad . competition : darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long while 3ft 8in jeff still has six months of growing to do . big breed : continental giants are the largest breed of rabbit and usually grow to around 4ft at their biggest . ' as soon as i think he 's made it , he 'll be measured by his vet and then guinness will certify that he is the biggest rabbit in the world . ' even though they 're so big , they are very low upkeep . they really do look after themselves most of the time . ' they run free in the garden during the day and at night go to sleep in their cosy crates . they never make a mess and actually would be great house rabbits . ' although when they start to moult at the end of the summer , they need a good daily brush . ' and being the world 's biggest rabbit , and his son , they 've got a giant appetite to match . ' but it 's actually good for them to be eating hay all day long - to keep their teeth and digestive system healthy . '