lindsey vonn has lifted the lid on her relationship with golf superstar tiger woods during a us chat show interview on the late night with seth meyers . the most successful us alpine skier in history , who has an olympic gold medal and several world championship titles to her name , arrived at the chat show looking stunning in a white dress that showed off her athletic legs . the 30-year-old has been dating woods since 2013 and the pair 's relationship has obviously grown stronger since vonn was pictured accompanying the former no 1 golfer 's children around the masters at augusta . scroll down for video . lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers . the 30-year-old has been dating golf 's former no 1 since 2013 and has become close with his children . seth meyers listens intently as the us skier speaks about woods and his family . vonn poses near times square on a visit to ' extra ' at their new york offices . vonn dropped a few details about life with her boyfriend , crediting him with hitting the gym with her and helping her to overcome a knee injury that ruled her out of the 2014 sochi winter olympics in russia . she spoke of her relationship with woods ' daughter sam , seven , and son charlie , six , from his previous marriage to elin nordegren , 'they’re great . they’re amazing kids , and he’s an amazing father , ' lindsey said . ' you know , i feel privileged to be along for the ride , and i help as much as i can . they’re great kids — i love ’em . ' vonn accompanied woods ' two children during the par 3 contest ahead of the masters . vonn says daughter sam and son charlie are ' great kids ' and that woods is a ' great father ' . vonn has credited tiger with helping her recovery from injury that kept her out of 2014 world championships . the 30-year-old celebrates winning bronze at the alpine ski world cup finals in march . meanwhile , the minnesota native aims to return to compete at the 2018 winter olympics in pyeong chang , south korea . 'it’s been a long road , but i’m really proud of where i’ve come and how far i’ve gotten . my knee’s really good ; i’m finally healthy , ' she explained . 'i’m just trying to ski , and we’ve got three more years until the next olympics , so i’m getting ready for those . ' vonn was on the show to talk about her lindsey vonn foundation , which she launched in february to empower girls to grow and learn in all walks of life .