john hinckley jr. has found love . hinckley , who still spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting president ronald reagan back in 1981 , is said to have met the woman at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if hinckley should be able to permanently live outside st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington and instead with his mother , where he has resided 17 days out of the month since december 2013 . scroll down for video . john hinckley jr. ( above ) has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott ( above ) during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president reagan . hinckley currently splits his time between st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington and his mother 's home in williamsburg , virginia ( above ) . scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as ' somewhat compatible , ' though he admitted he had not met the woman . hinckley 's mother joan has been introduced to her son 's girlfriend reports nbc news . hinckley shot reagan and three others , including white house press secretary james brady , in a bid to impress actress jodie foster , with whom he was obsessed . testimony is expected to wrap up next week to determine if he can move in permanently with his mother , but it could be months before us district judge paul friedman renders a decision . prosecutor colleen kennedy has argued that the provisions suggested for expanded release were inadequate for a would-be presidential assassin . hinckley also has written to killers ted bundy and charles manson , and in january he deceived doctors about where he was going when he was away from st. elizabeths , she said . ' now is not the time to loosen the reins of the hospital , ' she said . hinckley 's mother joan ( above ) has been introduced to her son 's girlfriend . hinckley ( left ) shot reagan and three others , including white house press secretary james brady , in a bid to impress actress jodie foster in 1981 ( right ) . initial testimony centered on whether hinckley 's family could bear the financial cost of supporting him and his care . prosecutors put the cost at $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 a month , and said the family would run out of money in one or two years . but his siblings , who both live in dallas , said the value of their mother 's retirement fund and home totaled about $ 500,000 , and vowed to support him financially . during a 2011 hearing , prosecutors argued hinckley repeatedly engaged in deception when away from the hospital . secret service agents saw him browsing books on reagan and on other presidential assassins in 2011 instead of going to a movie , as he had told doctors he would . brady died in august at age 73 , and a coroner determined the death was attributable to the shooting . prosecutors declined to press charges . 