crystal palace boss alan pardew joked glenn murray has a ' bionic ' knee and hopes the striker can continue to torment premier league defences . murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament as palace won promotion to the premier league via the play-offs in 2013 . the 31-year-old has netted five goals in five games , including in last monday 's defeat of manchester city , to earn the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the top-flight . glenn murray wheels away after scoring the winner for crystal palace against manchester city . the eagles striker has scored five in five games since returning from a serious knee injury . pardew said : ' what he did surprise me with on monday night is his aerial ability . he really was outstanding . ' i do n't know if he 's got a bionic knee , but he 's got an extra spring from somewhere . ' pardew says the cumbrian has many qualities - pace is not among them - and may have had to adapt his game , like alan shearer did , after serious injuries . ' glenn has had to change his game a little bit and he goes to sunderland , goals per minute , as the best striker in the premier league , ' pardew added . ' that is great for him , it really is . it is a great tag for him and he can try and keep it for as long as he can . ' alan pardew has impressed by murray 's aerial ability , which he claims is down to being fitted with a new knee . the toon boss believes the cumbrian forward is reaping rewards from a loan spell with reading . pardew believes he is reaping the rewards of murray being given a chance to find his feet at reading earlier this season . murray scored eight goals in 18 games for the royals , before committing to palace on pardew 's arrival in january . ' in defending that decision , of neil warnock and the board here , of him going out on loan , he probably did need a few games and it 's difficult to get them in the premier league , ' pardew said . ' in a way the loan , which i think was perceived as a negative by our fans , might not have been a bad thing . i 'm obviously getting the benefit of that . ' 