the tennessee supreme court postponed execution dates for four inmates , effectively halting all executions while the courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional . tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009 . since then , legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions . in 2013 and 2014 , the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup . the tennessee supreme court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state 's death row as new lethal injection methods are challenged . above , electrocution has been designated as a backup method . beginning in december 2013 , the court set new execution dates for 11 inmates . one inmate died in prison , and the execution dates for the others have been postponed as they approach because of legal challenges to the new methods . on friday , the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates . it will set new dates after the legal questions are settled . states across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges . and obtaining lethal injection drugs has been getting harder . as manufacturers have refused to sell drugs to prisons for executions , prison officials across the us have turned to compounding pharmacies , which make drugs specifically for individual clients . but those versions have also become difficult to come by because pharmacists are reluctant to expose themselves to possible harassment . last month , the american pharmacists association adopted a policy discouraging its members from providing drugs for lethal injections , saying that runs contrary to the role of pharmacists as health care providers . death row inmates challenging tennessee 's lethal injection method recently submitted an affidavit from university of utah college of pharmacy professor james h. ruble that questions whether even a willing compounding pharmacist could provide the pentobarbital that tennessee and several other states need for executions . leroy hall jr , 48 ( left ) and nicholas todd sutton , 53 ( right ) were both convicted of murder in 1991 and 1985 , respectively . they no longer have dates for execution in tennessee . donald strouth , 56 ( left ) and abu-ali abdur'rahman , 64 ( right ) were also both convicted of murder , though the european union has called for abdur'rahman , who is believed to be mentally ill , to be allowed to live . ruble says in the affidavit that the main ingredient for pentobarbital is unavailable from the six primary commercial sources that compounding pharmacists buy their ingredients from . the tennessee supreme court 's recent ruling will vacate the execution dates for leroy hall jr , 48 , donald wayne strouth , 56 , nicholas todd sutton , 53 , and abu-ali abdur’rahman , 64 . hall was convicted of premeditated murder and aggravated arson after burning his ex-girlfriend to death in 1991 . strouth was convicted of murdering a clothing store owner in 1978 by slitting his throat after he was knocked unconscious with a rock . sutton was sentenced to death for stabbing a fellow inmate to death in 1985 after originally being sent to prison for child molestation . abdur'rahman , formerly james lee jones , received his death penalty sentence for the murder of a nashville cocaine dealer in 1986 while he was a remember of a militant christian group looking to eliminate drugs from its neighborhood . the case of abdur'rahman , who was reportedly seriously abused by his parents as a child , has drawn international attention and the european union called for a stay . he is believed to be mentally ill and had ineffective counsel during his trial , according to his website . there are 69 people on tennessee 's death row . the tennessee supreme court ( pictured ) is waiting for verdicts about the constitutionality of the lethal injection drug pentobarbital . tennessee last year reinstated electrocution as an alternative if lethal injection drugs are unavailable or a court rules the procedure unconstitutional . but that change has brought yet another legal challenge . other states of the 31 with the death penalty are considering their own alternatives . utah last month reinstated the firing squad as a backup method if it ca n't obtain lethal injection drugs . in oklahoma , lawmakers approved nitrogen gas as a backup execution method . the state 's republican governor mary fallin supports the death penalty but has not said whether she will sign the bill . pennsylvania governor tom wolf suspended his state 's death penalty in february , citing the inefficiency of long court proceedings and expense . ohio and georgia are delaying all of their executions while investigation their lethal injection drug protocols . the us supreme court will hear a case later this month about the first substance in a so-called ' three drug cocktail ' , which is supposed to render the person being executed unconscious so they will not feel pain for the second two drugs . scrutiny on the death penalty has increased since an execution using the drug , midazolam , resulted in an oklahoma inmate writhing in presumed pain before dying 43 minutes after the procedure began . tennessee uses only one drug in its protocol , the sedative pentobarbital . there are 69 people in death row in the state , according to the department of corrections . the tennessee supreme court order said that their execution dates have previously been vacated for legal challenges .