it seems to happen after every single world cup that someone near to the top of english cricket gets the sack . whether it be duncan fletcher , david lloyd , whoever , someone always seems to pay the price for our abject failure to compete on the global one-day stage . paul downton is just the latest victim . it is high time that we looked at the entire structure of english cricket and the reasons we are incapable of producing the types of cricketer required to succeed in international one-day cricket . paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . moores ( from left to right ) , downton and england captain alastair cook during the press conference . the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again . make no mistake , sacking paul downton does not mean some magic wand has been waved and all will be well . there are deep systemic problems . too many of the current selectors and coaches are from the old guard and have failed to keep pace with the dramatic changes that have occurred in one-day cricket in recent years . from downton to coach peter moores , to selectors james whitaker and angus fraser , these are players from a different era who have been painfully slow to react to situations . downton ( left ) and peter moores ( right ) pose during a press conference at lord 's cricket ground . downton leaves his role as ecb managing director following england 's shameful performance at world cup . even the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair . they should have acted sooner . like so much of english sport , our cricket system seems afraid of the maverick player and that has to change . in my view there is still too much bad blood around for kevin pietersen to return , with the fall-out from the book causing untold damage to so many relationships that it just seems inconceivable for him to return . nasser hussain believes the sacking of cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair . i hate it when things become about one individual and believe me , everything that has gone wrong with english cricket has not been down to the handling of kevin pietersen ; however badly that has been done . but what is does highlight is the continued fear of the maverick player . from david gower to kevin pietersen , english cricket has shown distrust for anyone who does not conform or fit into a safe stereotype even though all the players who are thriving on the world stage are non-conformists who do things differently . you wouldn’t find brendan mccullum or ab de villiers audacious shot- making in an mcc coaching manual but you will not find two better strikers of a cricket ball on the planet . english cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick . pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer . hussain hopes whoever is appointed to replace downton is close to the modern game and ahead of the curve . i have been asked if i would like to take on downton’s job and the short answer is ‘no’ . i will do anything i can to help the ecb and english cricket but there are far better candidates than me out there . whether it be michael vaughan , andrew strauss or anyone else , i just hope whoever they appoint is close to the modern game and ahead of the curve . we have been behind it for far too long.most importantly , it is time to wake up and look at the big picture . stop finding individuals to scapegoat and carry the can and start looking at the system that is failing to produce the kind of cricketers we need .