liverpool manager brendan rodgers admits he was ' surprised and shocked ' by the online racist abuse targeted at the club 's striker mario balotelli . anti-discrimination body kick it out revealed on thursday night that italy international balotelli had been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season . balotelli 's liverpool team-mate daniel sturridge and arsenal striker danny welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages according to research carried out by tempero , a social media management agency , and analytics firm brandwatch . liverpool striker mario balotelli ( centre ) has been the subject of thousands of racists posts on social media . the italy international ( right ) performs a back-heel during a training session at melwood on friday . liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he is ' shocked ' at the level of online abuse aimed at balotelli . arsenal striker danny welbeck ( left ) has also been targeted by racists on the internet this season . balotelli 's liverpool team-mate daniel sturridge ( centre ) is another player to be harassed online this term . kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 of them directed towards premier league players , and rodgers says the issue must be addressed . ' i was aware of the findings and i was surprised and shocked , ' rodgers said . ' i think one message is one too many to be honest . we support all the relevant organisations who are working to stamp all of this out . ' in the modern world and modern football it is something which is very much there , but we need to eradicate all of it out of social life and professional sport . ' i think it is the responsibility of us all to help all the various organisations stamp it out . ' liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet takes a philosophical attitude to the online abuse of footballers and believes players must learn to handle the situation . ' i think that is normal in the world we live in , ' mignolet said . ' social media is something worldwide and you ca n't control it yourself really but you have to accept it . ' the spotlight is on you so you have to deal with those sort of things . ' but stoke manager mark hughes said he would welcome tougher sanctions against individuals who indulge in online abuse , believing they are safe behind the cloak of anonymity . ' the internet is difficult to police as we well know , but anything racist , homophobic - even just in general life - it should be rooted out and stamped on , ' hughes said . ' it is not acceptable . the fact people can hide behind their computers on the internet makes it more difficult to manage and stop . stoke city boss mark hughes has called for a crackdown on racism and an end to online anonymity . ' but there needs to be a will and if there is a way of stopping this happening , then that should be encouraged . ' more than 8,000 abusive messages were directed towards balotelli , over half of which were racist . welbeck received 1,700 , of which half were racist , and sturridge 1,600 , of which 60 per cent were based on sexual orientation . the sheer volume of racist and other abuse on social media has prompted kick it out to form an expert group to tackle football-related hate crime across social media , working with football , the main social media platforms , organisations dealing with internet safety and the police . kick it out director roisin wood said : ' it is really shocking . we knew there was an issue but even we were shocked by how many the players have received . ' for one player to have received over 8,000 abusive messages is phenomenally awful . ' you can not accept players getting that level of abuse so we want to bring this expert group together to see how we can address this . ' we do n't see the problem going away . some of the perpetrators are young people and they need educating that you can not sit in your room and abuse people like this . ' balotelli scores for liverpool from the penalty spot during a champions league game against besiktas . kick it out only started receiving complaints of social media abuse during the 2012-13 season and has since started reporting the incidents to true vision - a national reporting facility which had been developed to deal with hate crime online . the research showed the premier league clubs receiving the highest volume of discriminatory posts were chelsea ( 20,000 ) , liverpool ( 19,000 ) , arsenal ( 12,000 ) , manchester united ( 11,000 ) and manchester city ( 11,000 ) . twitter was the most common platform for abuse with 88 per cent of messages coming in the form of tweets . kick it out has launched several t-shirt campaigns to help combat the concerning level of racism in football .