a 38-year-old man accused of strangling his wife , their 2-year-old daughter and their 8-year-old son told a judge wednesday that he wants to plead insanity . timothy fradeneck was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children , whose bodies were found monday in their eastpointe , michigan home . he is also charged with child abuse . authorities say that fradeneck used a usb cord to kill 37-year-old christine fradeneck and the children , celeste fradeneck and timothy fradeneck iii ( called trey ) . scroll down for video . emotionless : timothy fradeneck appeared in macomb county , michigan court on wednesday , and was charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the triple murder of his wife and two young children . heartless : the bodies of christine fradeneck ( top left ) , 2-year-old celeste ( being held by father ) and 8-year-old timothy iii ( called trey , bottom left ) were found monday evening at the family 's home in eastpointe . overwhelmed : family members from both timothy and his wife christine 's side of the family appeared in court , crying and hugging . they made no comments to reporters about the tragic loss . at fradeneck 's arraignment wednesday , eastpointe district judge carl gerds iii asked if he wanted to say anything . ' no , sir , ' fradeneck said . the judge then ordered him jailed without bond , and appointed him an attorney . ' i would like to enter a plea of not guilty by reason of mental insanity , ' fradeneck said . the judge then told him he had already ruled . ' i tried to kill myself , ' fradeneck said , adding , ' it was n't about ... ' before gerds cut him off . sent to jail : eastpointe district judge carl gerds iii ordered fradeneck held without bond . he also shut down the 38-year-old from prematurely entering a not-guilty by reason of insanity plea . confession : fradeneck allegedly told police that he strangled his wife , 2-year-old daughter celeste and 8-year-old son timothy iii to death with a usb cord . pictured above entering court on wednesday . insane ? police said they also found medications prescribed to fradeneck in the home , but would not say whether those were to treat any sort of mental illness . scene : above , the fradeneck 's bungalow . police said they found the wife and two children dead in their beds . shaken community : neighbor jequita breham talks to the media as police block the street during the murder investigation on monday . the judge scheduled a hearing april 28 in advance of a probable-cause hearing on whether fradeneck will stand trial in macomb county circuit court . if convicted on the three counts of first-degree premeditated murder , two counts of first-degree felony murder and first-degree child abuse , fradeneck could stand to spend the rest of his life in prison . police discovered the bodies monday evening around 6:50pm after getting a call from christine fradeneck 's sister , saying she was worried about her sister after not hearing from her all day . police say timothy fradeneck opened the door and let the officers enter , insisting that his wife and children were sleeping . when officers refused to leave , they say fradeneck copped to killing all three . their bodies were found lying in their beds . tragic loss : fradeneck had been married to his wife for 16 years . christine fradeneck pictured above with her daughter in a photo posted to her facebook . young lives cut short : the two fradeneck children were set to celebrate birthdays in the next two weeks . planned ? in court on wednesday , prosecutors said fradeneck had been planing the murder of his wife and two children since august . ' timothy advised officers that his family was dead and that he had killed them by strangulation with a usb cable , ' detective matt hambright told the judge . investigators also found medications prescribed to fradeneck inside the home , but it not yet known if those drugs were to treat any sort of mental illness . police said there was no history of domestic disturbance calls at the home . the fradenecks had been married 16 years and their two children were set to celebrate birthdays in the coming two weeks . on wednesday , prosecutors said fradeneck had been planning the murders since august and killed his family sometime late sunday or early morning when ' the opportunity presented itself . ' family members from both fradeneck 's side of the family and his wife 's , appeared in court on wednesday crying and hugging . the family members refused to comment on the tragic case outside the courthouse . the family issued a statement wednesday , saying it was ' hopeful that the justice system will prevail and the person responsible for this will be punished to the fullest extent of the law . ' kate fradeneck said her brother was dealing with a mental illness and asked the public to keep him in their thoughts . the family members have not elaborated on timothy fradeneck 's mental illness . ' even with the poor choices that he made , please remember he 's also lost his family , ' she told the macomb daily of mount clemens . ' no one knows or can understand the pain that he is in . ' since the bodies of mrs fradeneck and her two children were found monday evening , a memorial of stuffed animals has been growing on the steps of the family 's bungalow . a gofundme page has been set up to help with the cost of the fradnecks ' funeral .