virtual reality may still seem like a hobby reserved for hardcore gamers , but as headsets drop in price it is on the verge of becoming mainstream . one firm helping to fuel this trend is immerse . it has created a virtual reality headset that works with any android and ios phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores . it additionally lets people watch 3d movies - all for the relatively cheap price of £29.99 ( $ 45 ) . scroll down for video . the immerse virtual reality headset ( pictured ) is available from firebox for £29.95 ( $ 45 ) . it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches ( 8.2 x 15.4cm ) , which means it will work with the iphone 6 , but not the iphone 6 plus , for example . however , in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements and that can run a 3d movie or virtual reality apps will work because the processing power comes entirely from the gadget . immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses . other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view ' - although the exact degree of view is n't listed . immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as oculus rift , which is expected to launch a consumer version ' soon ' with prices ranging from between $ 200 ( £135 ) and $ 400 ( £270 ) . immerse is available to buy from firebox and can be shipped internationally . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches ( 8.2 x 15.4cm ) , which means it will work with the iphone 6 , but not the iphone 6 plus , for example . however , in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements and can run a 3d movie , or run virtual reality apps , will work . immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses ( pictured ) . other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view ' - although the exact degree of view is n't listed . the product description says : ' you 've probably seen countless videos on the internet of people wearing the much-lauded oculus rift , tripping out in digital worlds and generally loving life . google offers its cardboard headset for free by downloading the folding instructions . or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 ( £16.75 ) . google also recently teamed up with mattel to revamp the 1980s classic , the view-master . according to mattel , users of the device will feel like they are ' inside the scene ' . it said : ' take a virtual field trip to paris and sit in the shadows of the eiffel tower as it soars above you . visit historic alcatraz island and interact with your surroundings to discover fun facts . ' travel through time and space in ways you never thought possible . ' elsewhere , google recently funded a firm called magic leap that makes augmented reality glasses . augmented reality differs from virtual reality because it places graphics and images on top of a view of the real world , rather than transports people to virtual worlds . ' not only is this revolutionary device unavailable until 2016 , but you 'll probably have to sell a number of vital organs just to be able to buy it . ' well , feast your eyes on ( and indeed , in ) the immerse virtual reality headset - a new and affordable foray into the breathtaking world of virtual reality . ' immerse is the latest attempt to introduce virtual reality to the masses , which has seen a surge recently with the launch of samsung 's gear vr range and similar announcements from sony and htc . samsung 's version is available now with prices starting at £169 in the uk and $ 199 in the us for the innovation headset . however , it is tied to samsung phones . sony 's morpheus headset is expected to launch in 2016 but prices have not yet been announced . and htc 's vive full-body virtual reality system will be available to developers this summer . alternatively google offers its google cardboard headset for free by downloading the folding instructions . or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 ( £16.75 ) . google also recently teamed up with mattel to revamp the 1980s classic toy , the view-master . according to mattel , users of the device will feel like they are ' inside the scene ' . elsewhere , google recently funded a firm called magic leap that makes augmented reality glasses . augmented reality differs from virtual reality because it places graphics and images on top of a view of the real world , rather than transports people to virtual worlds . immerse is the latest attempt to introduce virtual reality to the masses , which has seen an surge recently with the launch of samsung 's gear vr range ( illustrated ) and similar announcements from sony and htc . samsung 's version is available from £169 in the uk and $ 199 in the us , buy it is tied to samsung phones . sony 's morpheus headset ( picutred ) is expected to launch in 2016 but prices have not yet been announced . michael abrash , chief scientist from facebook-owned virtual reality ( vr ) experts oculus said at the firm 's annual f8 conference in san francisco said the matrix provides the best sense of what virtual reality could someday be like . he said our brain never sees the real world , but instead infers it based on the ' sparse ' data it receives and used a series of optical illusions to make this point . for example , he explained that humans only have three colour sensors , we can’t see infrared or ultraviolet and we have a blind spot in each eye . ‘ our visual data is actually astonishingly sparse and even if we were able to accurately record and process every photon that reaches our eyes , we’d still have too little data to be able to reconstruct the world accurately , ' he said . he used the recent black and blue/white and gold dress as an example . ‘ our visual system takes its best guess and sends that to the conscious mind , ’ he continued . ' the way that the brain compensates for the limited data it receives is by maintaining a model of the real world that it constantly updates as new data comes in . google offers its google cardboard headset ( pictured ) for free by downloading the folding instructions . or users can buy pre-folded versions from designers for around $ 24.99 ( £16.75 ) michael abrash , chief scientist from oculus recently used this image to show how vision is simply our perception of the world , but is n't realty . the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . ' and it is that model , not the real world , that you experience and trust implicitly . we are inference machines , not objective observers . he then showed a red and blue pill on hands that were shown on a yellow background to give an example of how this inference model breaks down . the colours of the pills are the same shade of grey , and the red and blue colours that people see are simply what their brains perceive , based on the rest of the information around them . and even when a person knows that the pills are grey , they still see them as red or blue . ‘ your visual system isn’t interested in whether the photons coming from a tile on a random image are red or blue or grey , ' mr abrash continued . ' knowing that didn’t keep anyone from being eaten by lions on the savannah . what it is interested in is identifying potentially relevant features , in the real world , under a variety of conditions . ' your visual system constantly corrects for the colours in the scene . it is reverse engineering reality rather than just recording it . the colours seen are your brain’s “ best guess.”’ .