feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water , and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue . born on january 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo . initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors , the cubs were encouraged by their mother , cara , aged nine , to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space . curiosity soon got the better of the cubs , who began playing around the water area . then trouble struck ; one accidentally fell into the play pool . noticing that he was in trouble , his brothers ran to the rescue . grabbing him where they could , it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother . ' we can hear it from beyond this glass wall , it must be screaming really loudly . i wonder if the parent will come to the rescue ? ah they made it ! ' someone can be heard on the video released by the zoo . to the rescue : feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water , and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue . roaming around : born on january 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo . team effort : grabbing him where they could , it took two kitties at least three attempts to finally manage to pull out their loudly complaining brother . spokesman naoteru yamaguchi told reuters over the phone that while he could not read a tiger 's mind , he is convinced they had witnessed brotherly love . for the moment all four cubs have no names . the zoo will be accepting suggestions for the quadruplets ' names from the public in may , according to yamaguchi . meanwhile , the cubs , who had only been trying out their glass cage , will be permanently based there from april 22 onwards . it was their mother 's second time giving birth and brought the number of white tigers in japan to approximately 35 . bedraggled : the tiger cub who fell into the pond seemed a little shaken up after the event . voting time : the zoo will be accepting suggestions for the quadruplets ' names from the public in may , according to yamaguchi . rare breed : in this april 16 photo , the newborn white tiger cubs look on together .