a mother was removed from a train and taken away in a police van because she took home a clothes horse she had found ' abandoned ' in a carriage . aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , had claimed the tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week - because she thought it had been left by its owner . but british transport police officers trawled through cctv footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train as she travelled to work in brough . police investigation : mother-of-one aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , was accused of trying to shield the £20 tesco clothes horse from cctv as she walked off the train in brough ( above ) with it . miss craven - who is now waiting to see if she will be charged , but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft - said : ‘ i was the first person to get on the train and i spotted it . ‘ i know the right thing to do would have been to hand it in but i thought , “i’ll have it” . it was a spur of the moment , stupid decision , which i am sorry for . ‘ but i don’t think what i did justifies everything that then happened . the police got on the train , asked me to step off it and i had no idea what it was about . ‘ everyone was looking at me . i was absolutely traumatised , it was awful . they asked me if i’d taken it and i told them the truth . they said it was theft . ’ police insisted to mailonline that she was not arrested - and told how the victim was on the train at the time of the theft , and had placed the clothes horse behind her seat while travelling . after being taken off the train , miss craven was driven home in a police van and asked how long she had lived at her address and whether she owned the property . facing a caution for theft : miss craven was asked by british transport police to go for questioning at their offices at hull paragon ( above ) , where she was given a solicitor , paid for by legal aid . she was also said to have been asked where she worked , how long she had worked there , which shifts she did and what time she finished . miss craven was then made to take her wet clothes off the airer she had been using for a week , while police waited to confiscate the item . the mother-of-one , who cares for the elderly , was then allegedly asked to attend a police station for questioning where she had her dna taken from a mouth swab and was fingerprinted . she said : ‘ when i got home and went in and said the police are here for the clothes horse my boyfriend thought i was joking . ‘ he said , “ oh very funny , april fools’ was ages ago” . then when i started taking the clothes off he said , “ aimee i think you are going too far now” . he just didn’t believe me until he saw me giving it to the police . ’ the officers then asked miss craven to go back for questioning at their offices at hull paragon , where she was given a solicitor , paid for by legal aid . she was accused of trying to shield the item from cctv as she walked off the train in brough . miss craven , who has no convictions , said : ‘ they made me feel like i was hull’s most wanted . it really has been the worst experience of my life . with all the questions and them prying into my life i was petrified . ‘ my solicitor said even if you found something in a skip and took it you could be done for theft and so he advised me to admit theft to get a caution , otherwise it would go to court . ‘ the whole thing is ridiculous , it’s cost a lot more than the price of the clothes horse . i’d have happily bought her a new one . it’s a complete waste of their time and taxpayers’ money . ‘i’ve had to admit theft to get a caution , which i don’t agree with and i’ve now got a criminal record . ’ a british transport police spokesman told mailonline : ‘ following the alleged theft of a clothes horse from the 7.10am hull to king 's cross service on april 9 , a 32-year-old woman from hull was interviewed after she voluntary attended hull police station . ' the rightful owner of the clothes horse had placed it behind her seat and discovered it was missing when the train arrived at brough station approximately 15 minutes later . she contacted police after seeing a woman walking along the platform carrying it . ' the woman was identified after officers reviewed cctv from the station and undertook an anniversary visit . the item was recovered and has been returned to its owner . she has thanked officers for their actions . ' british transport police treats all reports of theft reported to us seriously , regardless of the item stolen , and will investigate every offence thoroughly . '