the dawn of a new era of space travel may be upon us after amazon 's jeff bezos successfully tested a vehicle that will take tourists into space . mr bezos ' firm , called the blue origin company , has long spoken of its desire to take paying astronauts into the cosmos . and now it has performed the first successful test of the vehicle they hope will make that dream a reality . scroll down for video . jeff bezos ' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas ( shown ) . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles ( 94km ) - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space . the test took place from the company’s launch site in west texas . called new shepard , the vehicle consists of a main booster rocket and a six-seater capsule on top , standing 60ft ( 18 metres ) tall . the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys . it includes a crew capsule carrying six astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered propulsion module , launched from the firm 's west texas launch site . following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . the propulsion module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the crew capsule . the propulsion module will finish its flight , descend to earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . the crew capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the earth and the beauty of our planet . after descent and re-entry into earth’s atmosphere , the crew capsule will land under parachutes no more than a few miles from the launch site . in addition , the new shepard vehicle will provide opportunities for researchers to fly experiments into space and a microgravity environment . for this , the first test flight of the entire architecture , it was unmanned - but the company hopes to soon start taking customers into space . the cost of a ticket has not yet been announced , but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 $ 200,000 - similar to a flight on richard branson’s virgin galactic . the difference , however , is that while galactic relies on using a plane to slowly rise into the atmosphere , new shepard takes off straight up and lands back on the ground . this is known as vertical takeoff , vertical landing ( vtvl ) . and blue origin is also much more secretive - with this successful test flight taking many by surprise . in video released by blue origin , the booster - using liquid hydrogen and oxygen - lifts the new shepard vehicle to an altitude of 58 miles ( 94km ) . this is four miles ( six kilometres ) short of the official boundary of space - the karman line - although there does not seem to be any problems with reaching this boundary in future . once it reached its peak altitude , accelerating at 3gs , the booster separated from the capsule . ‘ the in-space separation of the crew capsule from the propulsion module was perfect , ’ mr bezso said in a blog post . ‘ any astronauts on board would have had a very nice journey into space and a smooth return . ’ the flight came as somewhat of a surprise because the company did n't make any announcements in the build up that it would be launching a rocket - unlike its rivals virgin galactic and spacex who are very open about the tests they will be performing . at peak altitude , 307,000ft ( 58 miles , 94km ) up , the main booster separated from the capsule . on the left , the booster can be seen falling away , while on the right a distant view of the separation is seen . the booster failed to land successfully but the capsule landed without a hitch . ultimately , the flights will enable six people to go to space . while in space , huge windows will give the customers a stunning view of earth ( artist 's impression shown ) , and they 'll also have several minutes of weightlessness , before the capsule falls to earth and lands using parachutes . here the capsule is seen returning to earth on this test flight with its three parachutes . ‘ any astronauts on board would have had a very nice journey into space and a smooth return , ' amazon 's jeff bezos said in a blog post announcing the successful flight . the booster is designed to be able to land on the ground and be reusable , much like rival spacex’s own reusable rocket system . on this occasion , however , the booster lost pressure in its hydraulic system and was not recovered . mr bezos said the firm was already working on an improved system to make sure the error doesn’t happen again . ‘ assembly of propulsion module serial numbers 2 and 3 is already underway - we’ll be ready to fly again soon , ’ he said . in a video a small crowd was seen watching the successful flight from the company 's launch site in west texas - but for the most part the launch was kept a secret . jeff bezos ( pictured ) is better known as the ceo and founder of amazon , with a fortune of £22.5 billion ( $ 34.7 billion ) . he founded his blue origin company in 2000 . elon musk , the paypal co-founder and electric car maker , is competing against bezos to develop a re-usable rocket . an isolated edge of vast west texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race , one of two being directed in the lone star state by internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart . the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in nearby van horn , a way station along interstate 10 , a full decade after he began buying land in one of texas ' largest and most remote counties . at the opposite end — of texas and the competition — is the highly visible spacex venture , led by paypal co-founder and electric car maker elon musk . his company contracts with nasa to resupply the international space station and is building a launch site about 600 miles from van horn , on the southernmost texas gulf coast , with the much-publicized goal of sending humans to mars . spacex and blue origin are among several u.s. companies engaged in the private space business . both men have seemingly unlimited resources — bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion — and lofty aspirations : launching a new era of commercial space operations , in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets . earlier this year a dispute over a design of a floating landing platform - which would be used to launch and land rockets in the middle of the ocean - was dragged through the courts . but a judge said the confrontation would be allowed to continue . in part they are racing to be the first to manufacture and successfully operate reusable rockets - making space flight cheaper . according to the washington post , spacex has been working on the technology for years , and in january attempted the unprecedented landing the first stage of its falcon 9 rocket on a floating barge it calls an autonomous spaceport droneship . however the barge and the rocket exploded . spacex founder and musk , center , and texas governor rick perry turn the first shovel-full of sand at the groundbreaking ceremony for the spacex launch pad at boca chica beach , texas , in september 2014 . combined , the booster and capsule stand 60ft ( 18 metres ) tall , with a feather painted onto the side . this is the walkway astronauts will ultimately use when the company stars its manned flights . in this first test flight , the new shepard vehicle rose to an altitude of 58 miles ( 94km ) . this is four miles ( six kilometres ) short of the official boundary of space - the karman line - although there does not seem to be any problems with reaching this boundary in future . the flight of the capsule , however , passed without a hitch and it successfully landed on the ground with the help of three parachutes . the company is keen on vtvl because it is ‘ scalable to a very large size , ’ according to mr bezos . and he noted that the company was already working on a larger vehicle , new shepard’s ‘ very big brother’ , which is apparently many times new shepard’s size with five times as much thrust . the company has not yet revealed when it’s next flight will be , or when manned flights will begin . ' we won’t be publishing a calendar for our test flight programme . and , nothing further to contribute regarding pricing , ' a spokesperson from blue origin told mailonline . but following this successful flight , many will be expecting the company to go from strength to strength .