bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has served the club for almost 40 years , has quit the bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock champions league defeat by porto . muller-wohlfahrt claims the german champions ' medical department has been blamed for wednesday night 's 3-1 first-leg defeat in portugal which left their champions league hopes hanging by a thread . the 72-year-old medical professional , renowned as a world leader in his field , said ' the bond of trust is damaged ' and called the blame centred at his department ' inexplicable ' . his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel , who are all part of the team at bayern , have also resigned . bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit in the fall-out of their shock defeat by porto . the 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at bayern for almost 40 years . muller-wohlfahrt ( fourth from left ) sits behind pep guardiola during the defeat on wednesday evening . hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has often courted controversy with his methods . he claims that a substance called hyalart , which is extracted from the crest of cockerels , helps lubricate knee injuries and take away pain . he also swears by actovegin , an amino acid preparation derived from calves ' blood . in 2009 , he prescribed more than 50 injections of goat 's blood to st johnstone striker peter macdonald for his hamstring injury . among those to have been treated by him are ronaldo , usain bolt , michael owen and jose maria olazabal . muller-wohlfahrt claims to have administered more than one million injections , at least half of which have been to athletes . a statement from muller-wohlfahrt read : ' after the champions league match of bayern munich against porto the medical department was for some inexplicable reason made primarily responsible . the bond of trust is damaged . ' and on friday morning , the club released the following statement : ' fc bayern munich notes with regret the decision of chief medical officer dr hans-wilhelm müller-wohlfahrt ( 72 ) to resign his medical duties at the club . ' dr muller-wohlfahrt in particular , but also his team , have performed first-class work for the club and its players over the years . our sincere thanks are due for this . ' fc bayern will shortly announce new arrangements for the club’s medical unit . until then dr volker braun , sports physician and consulting physician in trauma surgery and orthopaedics , will support the fc bayern team at matches . ' pep guardiola had just 14 fit players to choose from at the estadio do dragao and the bayern manager implied in his post-match comments that the defeat was down to the lack of available players . ' we have players who were out a long time with injuries , ' he said . ' their legs do n't last very long . it 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' muller-wohlfahrt comes to bayern munich 's arjen robben during a bundesliga game last month . guardiola failed to win the champions league in his first season in germany and is on the brink of exit again . speaking at a press conference on friday , guardiola said : ' it was his decision to leave , i respect his decision . that is all . ' guardiola and muller-wohlfahrt have reportedly had differences of opinion on several previous occasions including over the fitness of midfielder thiago alcantara ahead of last summer 's world cup . mehdi benatia , franck ribery , arjen robben , javi martinez and david alaba were among those missing from the bayern squad on wednesday through injury . holger badstuber and bastian schweinsteiger have also struggled with long-term problems . footage circulating online appears to show guardiola aiming sarcastic applause at his bench against bayer leverkusen last week after centre back benatia was withdrawn with an injury . bayern say the announcement was unexpected . media director markus horwick said : ' we have no knowledge of this release , so we can not comment . ' usain bolt was one of many athletes to benefit from muller-wohlfahrt 's treatment at the london olympics . muller-wohlfahrt has worked with the german national team as well as athletes including usain bolt and boris becker . the bayern fall-out will not end his work with joachim low 's team . ' he is the best doctor in the world , ' bolt said after being treated by muller-wohlfahrt at the london olympics in 2012 . ' the doctor is a very , very great man . thank you , doctor ! ' he previously quit bayern after falling out with then-coach jurgen klinsmann in the 2008-09 season but returned after the manager left . the german champions return to bundesliga action on saturday when they face hoffenheim at the rhein-neckar-arena . usain bolt sought the help of hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt in the weeks leading up to the london olympics in 2012 . at the time , sportsmail 's jamie redknapp recalled his experiences with the doctor . there 's not much i have in common with usain bolt . he 's certainly a little quicker than i was at my peak . but we shared the same doctor when it came to turning to someone in need of urgent repair . when i was a liverpool player , i regularly used the tricks and skills of doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt to rescue me from another injury . now bolt , the greatest sprinter of all time , is visiting his munich clinic to try and be fit for the london olympics , which start in 18 days . i 've read in these pages about muller-wolhfahrt 's methods being described by a senior figure within the us anti-doping agency as ' frankensteintype experiments ' . i 'm not sure what that means , although with me he would use fluid taken from the comb on the head of a hen to lubricate a knee joint that had been eroded by a succession of injuries . he would tell me that it was like ' high quality oil for the engine of a car ' . he concluded that the fluid taken from a hen 's comb would lubricate the knee and allow greater movement . i was happy to do what he suggested to have the confidence to play again . i 've also read about him prescribing goat 's blood injections for hamstring injuries . his methods are successful , which is what has drawn bolt around the world from his jamaican training camp and why so many go to see the man they call ' healing hans ' . among the sportsmen and women who have stepped into muller-wohlfahrt 's dimly lit office are steven gerrard , ronaldo , jurgen klinsmann , dame kelly holmes , paula radcliffe , michael owen , jose maria olazabal and maurice green . there is talk of controversy about muller-wohlfahrt 's methods , but i wo n't have a bad word said against him . i saw him many times and there was never anything untoward suggested . this is not a back-street quack . he is still bayern munich 's team doctor , world renowned and a master of his art - and they did n't seem to be doing too badly the last time i watched them in the champions league final . bolt versus his jamaican training partner , yohan blake , is the golden ticket for london . last weekend , blake beat bolt , the fastest man on the planet , in back-to-back races over 100m and 200m . bolt then withdrew from the diamond league race in monaco and the alarm bells are ringing . nobody wants him to miss these games , surely not even blake . athletes generally turn to muller-wohlfahrt as a last act of desperation , having exhausted all the local practices and medical skills of those they have been closest to . you ca n't tell me that bolt has flown all the way from jamaica to munich without trusting muller-wohlfahrt 's art and without searching for a solution a little closer to home . like me , he must trust his methods and rely on his advice . he is renowned for helping sportsmen and women , like bolt , recover from hamstring problems . when i tore a hamstring playing for england , i was out for five months . he is getting sportsmen back on track within five weeks . i only wish i had known about him then . it appears bolt has a back problem which may have affected his right hamstring . it does n't sound as if bolt has suffered a tear , more likely a tweak and if he is unable to trust his hamstrings it might explain why some of his times have been sluggish , by his standards . didi hamann , the former german international , first recommended muller- wohlfahrt to me when i did n't know where else to turn . i hopped on a plane with the liverpool physio , hoping we could find some answers . when i first met him , i was anxious , but he made me feel welcome and relaxed . he was in his 60s ( he 's 70 next month ) , but he had the skin of a man 20 years younger , with a shock of hair and healthy outlook on life . he believes in the power of positive thinking , he is a charismatic man who convinces you he can find the answers . most doctors do , but he backs it up with achieving success . his staff are dressed from head to toe in white and he is there , overseeing the treatments and working from 7am-11pm , trying to find the solutions for a conveyor belt of people , including the general public , who come looking for answers . my club , liverpool , paid for my treatment through insurance , but when i bumped into hans at a recent champions league game , he asked me how my knee was and i told him it was still causing me hassle . he told me to come and see him and after some treatment i asked him where i could pay the bill . he said : ' there is n't one , jamie . ' it was a kind gesture from a very skilled man . bolt is in safe hands . muller-wohlfahrt has worked with the german national team as well as athletes including usain bolt . 