sam allardyce has warned brendan rodgers that putting raheem sterling on a bumper new contract could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the liverpool squad . the west ham manager feels paying sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old 's team-mates demanding more . yet allardyce does not blame sterling , currently on £35,000 a week at liverpool , for trying to get as much as possible . big sam feels there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available . liverpool and england star raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at the anfield club . sam allardyce believes that giving sterling a bumper deal could risk unsettling the other liverpool players . liverpool boss brendan rodgers ( right ) is extremely keen to keep hold of one of the club 's best players . ' when the supply is far less than the demand , then you 've got very big demands from the youngster , who is a very talented youngster because there are not enough about , ' allardyce said . ' not just in the country but in europe in general , if not in the world . ' the demand is out there . the supply is minimal . a lot less than we want it to be . hence that gives it a value . when that comes around it 's very difficult for a football club not to pay that level of finance that they then demand . ' it reflects down the way from there on in , by the fact that the more the money goes up at the top end the more everybody else wants going down below that . ' allardyce feels if a club were to buy the england international , who currently has two years left on his contract at liverpool , then they would not only be getting a player , but a brand . ' if a player is in his position like raheem sterling , then you 're going to look at his value , ' allardyce added . ' not just his value on the pitch but his value in branding . ' you have to remember that we 're hitting 950 million viewers every weekend . the agents and his advisers look at the value of that to the football club , and the value of that to him and their brand , and they ask for that sort of money . ' sterling drags the ball back ahead of the oncoming challenge from lithuania's georgas freidgeimas ( left ) . sterling scored his first goal for england during the 4-0 win in the euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania . big sam was speaking ahead of west ham 's match with the barclays premier league 's bottom-club leicester city on saturday . the game will see allardyce reunited with leicester manager nigel pearson after they worked together at newcastle united in 2007 . pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season , including grabbing crystal palace 's james mcarthur by the throat and losing his cool with a reporter during a press conference . it added to speculation pearson will be sacked but allardyce defended the man that was once a coach under him at st james ' park . ' nigel was there ( at newcastle ) when i arrived and we worked very well together in that short period of time , ' allardyce said . ' i always thought he was management material and i think he left just after i left , then moved into management and has been very successful . ' i suppose in the end nigel is a very , very , very , very honest man . he says it how it is . perhaps that 's sometimes the wrong thing to do publicly , but he knows who he is . he knows what he wants . he knows how to try to achieve it . ' leicester city boss nigel pearson ( left ) has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season . 