andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral , as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple . the tennis star , who announced his engagement in november last year , tied the knot in the 12th century cathedral before a relatively small group of their family members and close friends . reverend colin renwick , led the service , was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3.00pm this afternoon with the wedding taking place at around 4.00pm . andy murray and his wife kim are all smiles after tying the knot at dunblane cathedral . kim shows her delight after marrying british tennis star murray on saturday afternoon . the happy couple are covered in confetti as they make their way out of the wedding ceremony . murray waves to his fans after making his way out of the cathedral following his wedding . hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral and one of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for judy murray , who arrived just before 4.00pm looking resplendent in a white , to-the-knee overcoat with a detailed gold dress.the outfit was topped off with a dramatic gold hat . this morning , the historic cathedral saw florists toting huge bouquets of flowers arrive to decorate the church - as hailstones and showers battered the venue . clearly unable to contain his excitement this morning , tennis ace murray posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers which shows his plans for the day - through the use of emojis . he tweeted an umbrella , a picture of a church , a ring , a kiss , cake , drinks including beer , cocktails and wine and ends with hearts , a face blowing a kiss and several zzzz icons for sleep . murray ( left ) and his brother jamie murray ( second left ) arrive for his wedding to kim sears . murray waves to the crowd as he arrives for the wedding as does his mother judy in dunblane . kim sears arrives for her wedding to british tennis number one andy at dunblane cathedral . andy tweeted his plans for the day through the use of emojis and it would appear he 's counting on plenty of laughter , kissing and alcohol . people continue to gather outside dunblane cathedral just hours before the wedding is due to start at 4.30pm . the forecast for the rest of the day is n't on the couple 's side although there looks like being some respite from the rain between 3pm and 4pm as guests are expected to arrive . the heavens are likely to open again around 5pm . andy 's mother judy discussed the bad weather on social media , initially tweeting : ' hailstones . marvellous , ' and then a few hours later : ' snowing . white wedding . ' fans who have set up camp outside the church have found themselves battling the elements this morning as they were battered by wind , rain and sleet in short succession . ross hutchins ( left ) was a guest at the ceremony , as was former british no 1 tim henman and his wife . however the wet weather showed no sign of dampening the spirits of the crowds outside the cathedral . brenda watson travelled from ochiltree in ayrshire with her friend to join in the celebrations . she said : ' we forgot our hats but we 're hoping the sun will shine for andy and kim . we 're so excited about seeing them and the atmosphere is great , it 's been well worth coming . ' her friend anne gemmell from stair in ayrshire said kim 's dress might be ' something lacy and just chic . ' no doubt the couple will both be hoping the weather improves before the ceremony later on today - or the guests could get soaked . murray and his brother walk into the church as they begin preparations for his wedding to kim sears . hundreds of the world 's media are also in place to capture the event which has sparked interest around the globe . murray took a moment out of his wedding preparations to chat on twitter this morning about a pre-wedding snooker game last night . tennis player jamie delgado tweeted : 'pre-wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? andy murray , rosco hutchins , johnny delgado , ' to which murray replied : ' jamie delgado , rosco hutchins , johnny delgado , last night was actual carnage for those boys i could n't believe it . ' the reception is being held at the 15-bedroom cromlix house hotel , located just outside the town , which andy bought two years ago for £1.9 million . fans cheer as the british tennis number one andy murray arrives his wedding to fiance kim sears . florists have been spotted working all morning to decorate the cathedral , wheeling in huge bouquets of white hydrangeas and full-sized cherry blossom trees . hundreds of locals are expected to gather outside the cathedral to catch a glimpse of the pair who met as teenagers and have been together for more than nine years . the proud perthshire community has spent the last few days decorating the high street with bunting in preparation for the celebration which will be reported around the globe . murray fans have been posting their best wishes on social media and scotland 's first minister has also offered her congratulations . hibernian fc tweeted : ' best wishes from everybody at # hibs to our supporter @ andy_murray on his wedding day ; have a great time ! first dance to sunshine on leith ? ' murray said recently he will have three best men - his brother jamie and friends ross hutchins and carlos mier . sussex-born sears , also 27 , will have four bridesmaids but the style and design of her bridal gown has so far remained a secret . several names from the world of tennis are likely to be on the guest list , with former british number one tim henman among those tipped to appear . reports suggest murray and ms sears had originally planned to marry at a chapel within the grounds of cromlix house , which murray purchased two years ago , but later opted for the 300-seat cathedral . the couple met in 2005 through tennis circles - her father nigel is a coach and former head of women 's tennis at the lawn tennis association . they moved in together in 2008 and briefly split the following year before rekindling their relationship . speculation about their engagement was fuelled by murray who , responding to a fan 's question on twitter last year , joked that he would marry ms sears after wimbledon . he was forced to point out that he was not serious but announced his engagement for real in november . andy murray 's no 1 fans : linda reid-nevitt , 62 , and amy moffat , 15 , from west calder , wait outside of the cathedral ahead of the wedding . murray told bbc sport last month : ' i am actually not nervous about getting married because we 've been together like nine-and-a-half years and we 've lived together for six or seven years as well . ' so , i do n't think a whole lot 's going to change . i kind of feel like we have been married already in terms of the way we spend our lives together and live together . ' i think i will be more nervous about starting a family because that would be more life-changing , in a good way . ' yesterday the pair were spotted looking happy and relaxed as they arrived at the cathedral for their wedding rehearsal . bride-to-be kim , 27 , wore skinny black jeans , a leather jacket and blue scarf as the final preparations were made for their big day . hundreds of locals are expected to gather outside the cathedral to catch a glimpse of the pair who met as teenagers . andy is a hero in his native town and the residents have pulled out all the stops to wish the happy couple well . graham fleming puts up bunting in dunblane 's high street as shops decorate their fronts in support of local boy andy . perhaps saving her legs for walking in heels tomorrow , she today stayed casual in red flats . meanwhile , a smiling andy was equally casual in jeans and trainers as he made his way into the cathedral where he will make his vows this weekend . with an olympic gold medal and wimbledon title under his belt , andy is a hero in his native town and the residents have pulled out all the stops to wish the happy couple well . the minister set to conduct the wedding ceremony said the whole town is excited as the event is ' the nearest we 'll have in recent times to a royal wedding ' . reverend colin renwick said he expects britain 's top tennis star and his fiancee , kim sears , will be as ' nervous and as excited as any couple getting married ' . the minister , who has been tight-lipped in recent weeks , said he was ' excited ' to be part of the service , as final touches were added to the venue . the minister set to conduct the wedding ceremony said the whole town is excited as the event is ' the nearest we 'll have to a royal wedding ' .