her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes . yet the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author margaret atwood . and most controversially , the 75-year-old said kate hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband’s late mother , princess diana . scroll down for video . the author said kate ( pictured right ) hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana ( left ) . miss atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers . but she added she is right not to follow in diana’s footsteps . ‘ i think she dresses quite uneventfully , ’ the author of the handmaid’s tale said . ‘ i think she’s watching her back , i think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear . the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author margaret atwood . ‘ i don’t think she’s become the fashion plate that diana was , and i think she’s probably doing that advisably , wouldn’t you say ? ’ miss atwood is just the latest high-profile female writer to apparently attack the duchess’s image and public persona . author margaret atwood ( pictured ) said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers . double booker prize winner and wolf hall author hilary mantel has described kate as a ‘ shop window mannequin’ and a ‘machine-made’ princess who has been ‘ designed by committee’ . meanwhile sandi toksvig has said the duchess doesn’t have a ‘ single opinion’ of her own , and joan smith caused outrage by labelling kate ‘ unambitious and bland’ . speaking at a talk at the victoria and albert museum in london , miss atwood , who has also won the booker for the blind assassin , admitted she judges women on the clothing they wear . the novelist , who has been described as a feminist writer , said : ‘let’s pretend you’re meeting a person for the first time , as you do when you meet a character in a book . ‘ what do i see ? your dress , i see your face of course , i focus on that . i see your earrings , i see your necklace , and those are all part of you . they are all part of the total image of who i’ve just met . ’ miss atwood’s latest book stone mattress prompted her to be labelled ‘offensive’ and a ‘ man hater’ by critics last year . last month a £35 black polka dot dress from online retailer asos sold out within half an hour of kate wearing it to an event . and in 2013 the £46 seraphine dress she wore for her first official family portrait with william and prince george sold out two hours after the photo was published . miss atwood said the duchess of cambridge is correct not to follow in diana’s footsteps . 