it was only three months ago that they realised their dream of having their first child . now luke harris and daryl lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby . and the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . scroll down for video . luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . pictured ( from left ) : pregnant surrogate becky harris , mr lee with son phoenix harris and his surrogate mother bex harris ( behind ) , mr harris holding daughter willow-star and her surrogate mother viktoria ellis ( right ) . the couple , who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 , celebrated the birth of their first child , son phoenix blue ( left with mr harris ) , on january 14 . they welcomed daughter willow-star ( right with mr lee ) after surrogate viktoria ellis gave birth on february 25 . phoenix blue ( left ) was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour , weighing 7lb 15oz , while willow-star was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate viktoria ellis’s home after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the dads’ were woken by a text saying : ‘ your girl is here ! ’ showing off baby number two for the first time , the civil partners told how their rapidly expanding brood has left them exhausted but elated . the latest addition is daughter willow-star shirley harris-lee . she was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate mother viktoria ellis’s home on february 25 – after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the gay dads’ were woken by a text message saying : ‘ your little girl is here ! ’ first child phoenix blue harris-lee – a boy – was born naturally on january 14 after a 16-hour induced labour , weighing 7lb 15oz . his surrogate mother was bex harris , viktoria’s best friend . baby number three – known to be a boy – is being carried by bex’s sister-in-law becky harris and is due in july . the birth will mean mr harris – who is not related to the two mothers – and mr lee will have completed their family of three within seven months . mr harris , 51 , a computer programmer from surrey , said : ‘ going from having an empty home to having two precious babies in a such a short period has been a whirlwind , but even after weeks of feeding on demand we feel overjoyed . ‘ we are relishing every moment of becoming dads . we spent 15 years fearing we’d never be able to have children , so while at times , as every parent knows , you are completely knackered , the sense of elation far outweighs any negatives . ’ he described becoming fathers as ‘life-affirming and life-changing’ for himself and mr lee , 41 , a dentist . ‘ we now truly understand what unconditional love means – the only downside is that we don’t go to the pub any more ! ’ said mr harris . ‘ we now don’t look at ourselves as a couple , we are a family unit , and fiercely protective of our little clan . ’ mr harris , 51 , a computer programmer ( pictured left holding willow-star ) , described becoming fathers as ‘life-affirming and life-changing’ for himself and mr lee , 41 , a dentist ( right with phoenix blue ) . he said : ' having two babies in a such a short period has been a whirlwind ' . happy families : pictured from left to right , bex harris , daryl lee holding phoenix , luke harris with willow-star and viktoria ellis . phoenix ( left ) and willow-star ( right ) will soon be joined by another sibling when surrogate becky harris gives birth to a boy in july . phoenix ( right ) was born using bex harris’s eggs and mr lee’s sperm while willow-star ( left ) was created using viktoria’s eggs and mr harris’s sperm , meaning they are not biologically connected . the couple’s third child , yet to be born , was created using mr lee’s sperm . willow-star was delivered by viktoria’s neighbour in suffolk , who happens to be bex’s mother , karen harris , who also runs the internet surrogacy forum where the women and fathers met . mr harris and mr lee drove there as soon as they could . ‘ when we arrived at viktoria’s house our beautiful daughter was snuggled up in blankets , looking so tiny and vulnerable and she was absolutely perfect in every way , ’ mr harris said . after a hospital check-up , the couple took willow home to meet phoenix , who was born using bex’s eggs and mr lee’s sperm . as willow was created using viktoria’s eggs and mr harris’s sperm , they are not biologically connected . the couple looked into adoption before deciding to have children using surrogates , after reading about sir elton john and david furnish becoming fathers through surrogacy . after the birth of their third child , the couple will have become a family of three in seven months . their most recent child is daughter willow-star who was born via surrogate viktoria ellis ( centre holding willow ) . mr lee ( pictured right holding 11-week-old phoenix ) and mr harris said they were a little daunted by the prospect of a third child but will take it in their stride . mr lee ( pictured left with willow-star ) and mr harris ( right with phoenix ) , who met in 1999 before becoming civil partners in 2012 , said : ' while we may not meet some people’s idea of a traditional family , all our children will be cherished in a stable , loving environment’ . mr harris said : ‘ as far as we’re concerned phoenix ( left ) and willow-star ( right ) are brother and sister and that’s how they’ll be brought up ' . the couple’s , as yet unborn , son was created using mr lee’s sperm , meaning he will be phoenix’s half-brother . but mr harris said : ‘ as far as we’re concerned phoenix and willow-star are brother and sister and that’s how they’ll be brought up . ‘ while we may not meet some people’s idea of a traditional family , all our children will be cherished in a stable , loving environment . ’ the couple met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 . they looked into adoption before deciding to have children using surrogate mothers , after reading about sir elton john and david furnish becoming fathers through surrogacy . mr lee admits to being a little daunted over the arrival of a third baby but says : ‘ we have no doubt we will take it all in our stride . ’