an arkansas family who believe their daughter is being brainwashed by a controversial texas church have again lost the woman , after she came home for a few days only to return to the ' religious cult ' . then , within hours of returning to the church of wells - a small evangelical commune of about 70 ' born of discontent with mainstream christianity ' - catherine grove , 28 , announced she is set to marry one of its elders . grove initially vanished in july 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in fayetteville , arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the church of wells in wells , texas . over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking , however they have strongly denied any wrongdoing . grove , a former nursing student , said she was ' seeking the lord ' and was not being held against her will , despite protestations from her parents . scroll down for video . ' brainwashed ' : the parents of catherine grove , 28 , believe she was been brainwashed by the church of wells , after escaping the so-called cult in texas only to return six days later . she has now announced in a video ( right ) that she will marry a church elder . torn apart : catherine grove ( second right ) is seen with her parents andy ( far right ) and patty grove ( second left ) , along with her brother , sister and grandfather ( center ) . ' cult ' : the main building of the controversial church of wells is pictured here in wells , texas . the church has long denied accusations over the years that it is a cult . family : women belonging to the church of wells are seen here at the property in a september 2013 profile piece done by local network knwa following the initial disappearance of catherine grove . elders : members of the church are seen here carrying books in the town of wells , texas , in september 2013 . at the time , her parents , andy and patty grove , told reporters they believed their daughter had been brainwashed , amid mounting accusations over the years the church of wells is run as a cult , knwa reported . then , earlier this month , grove left the church under mysterious circumstances . she called 911 on april 2 sounding disoriented , asking if someone could pick her up . a sheriff was sent to get her , and grove told police she left the church after having a fight with another member . according to a report in the lufkin daily news , grove stayed with her family for six days after that . but she then returned to the church of wells . jake gardner , one of three pastors that lead the church , released a statement to 5 news , lambasting the behavior of grove 's parents . ' may god open your eyes to behold the truth of what is really going on in this controversy , ' gardner said . tight-knit : the church of wells - pictured here is their website homepage - has only about 70 members , all of which live in wells , texas . their beliefs are ' born of discontent with mainstream christianity ' . ' seeking the lord ' : catherine grove speaks with press after vanishing , only to emerge as a member of the church of wells . she denied claims by her parents that she was brainwashed into converting . gardner added : ' we are amazed at the atrocious behavior of the groves towards their daughter , and pray they would be held accountable by those with a hand in this matter ( as we have sought to do ) , to the end that their lives and behavior would agree with their confession of christ . ' grove then appeared herself in a youtube video , explaining that her parents told her they visiting family in little rock but took her instead to a hospital . ' on april 7 , i was still in the psych ward and the doctor came in and said after testing me all this time very carefully i had no mental illness so they can not keep me in the hospital , ' grove said in the video . speaking out : church of wells leader sean morris ( right ) speaks out in a youtube video this week following the return of catherine grove , denying reports she had ' escaped ' . pleading : grove 's parents have been desperate to get her back since she went missing in 2013 . she returned on her own earlier this month , only to go back to the church six days later . grove said after this , church members would come and pick her up from the hospital . ' here i am , ' grove said , smiling . ' ( now i 'm ) going to be married . not sure the date . even though my parents can be so difficult . ' it is my desire to preach to them . ' grove is set to marry church of wells member , ronnie saltsman . grove insisted the reason she left the church was to find peace with her parents . ' i just wanted to remove this pressure upon me , ' she said in the video . ' i was n't trying to leave the church . ' andy and patty grove are yet to comment publicly about their daughter returning to the church . the church of wells denies members all forms of entertainment and leisure in favor of prayer . they believe in deep self-loathing for their sin and that this is the only way to be saved . before grove disappeared , the church hit headlines after a baby died at the compound . an investigation following the incident in may 2012 showed the three-day-old infant died without receiving any medical attention . members of the church then carried the child around to different houses , where they prayed for the baby to be resurrected . it would not be until 15 hours later that 911 was called , according to reports at the time .