a lonely pensioner left half a million pounds to a builder who once agreed to clean out his gutters for free - but the bequest is now at the centre of a high court legal battle . ronald butcher , a ' private and quiet man ' , bequeathed his entire £500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in march 2013 . but his relatives and family friends insist that the will , made just two months before his death , is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher . bequest : ronald butcher , pictured , left his £500,000 fortune to a builder when he died in 2013 . lucky : daniel sharp was given £500,000 by mr butcher after doing building work for him free . after the pensioner died at home in enfield , north london aged 75 , his body was not discovered for almost two months , the high court heard . judge leslie anderson qc was told that mr butcher 's ' family ' consisted his elderly cousin , joyce gilkerson , plus evelyn hutchins and peter rogers , the children of a close school friend , who regarded him as their ' uncle ron ' . the three were the equal beneficiaries of a will drawn up by mr butcher in december 2011 , but after his death they discovered that they had been disinherited . araba taylor , for mrs hutchins , told the court that the ' odd ' nature of mr butcher 's bequest to mr sharp should ' excite suspicion ' that he did not fully understand what he was doing . but jennifer seaman , for mr sharp , said : ' mr butcher was a lonely man who found a friend in mr sharp . mr butcher knew what he was doing when he made the 2013 will and what its effect would be . ' he found a male friend in mr sharp , somebody he could chat to . they had a shared interest in diy and he liked to hear about mr sharp 's son . that is an explanation why he wanted to make the 2013 will . ' cut out : evelyn hutchins , left , and peter rogers , right , expected to inherit the bulk of mr butcher 's fortune . home : mr butcher became friends with mr sharp after the builder cleared the gutters of his home in enfield , pictured , six years before his death . close : mr butcher , left , pictured with members of mr rogers and mrs hutchins ' family . giving evidence , mr sharp described the start of his friendship with mr butcher six years before his death , saying : ' when i first cleaned out his gutter he offered me a tenner or twenty quid for it , but i said no , i would n't take it . it was a nothing job that took seconds . ' talking of his feelings on learning of his surprise inheritance , he added : ' at the time i was shocked to be given something like that . it 's life changing . nobody gives you nothing in life . ' i did n't think he had people to give it to , or obviously they had had an argument . something happened and he gave it to me . i ca n't say the reason why he gave it to me . ' but if i 'm the only one who went round to talk to him ... i did n't know what 's gone on with the others . obviously there 's been a big falling out . ' asked why he did not attend mr butcher 's funeral , mr sharp said it would ' just cause arguments ' with the pensioner 's family , and refuted miss taylor 's clim that the two men were not in fact friends . friendship : mr sharp said he did not attend mr butcher 's funeral because he did not want to upset anyone . battle : the two sides are locked in a high court fight at the royal courts of justice , pictured . he said : ' i class a friend as somebody who talks to people . his friends and family had n't spoken to him in months . at least i was going round whenever i was in the area . ' i 'm still shocked today and i can understand why his family are upset about it . but , at the end of the day , there 's a reason why he 's given it to me . they know it , but i do n't . ' we were not good friends , just friends . i never said i was his best mate or whatever . ' mrs hutchins , 53 , told the court that her family had been close to her honorary ' uncle ' mr butcher . she admitted that she and her brother saw less of him after their mother 's death , but denied the suggestion that they had ' slowly lost contact ' with him . she said : ' one or other of us would go and see him every break we had . i had tried to pop in around march and had phoned but there was nothing . we were planning to go on a cruise the next year . ' i 've never seen mr sharp . i would have expected uncle ron to talk about him . ' mr rogers , 57 , claimed mr sharp was ' lying ' about being friends with mr butcher , adding : ' my uncle had lots of friends and still came to family parties . ' he and mr sharp had nothing in common . it just does n't add up . he would tell us about what was going on in his life and mr sharp never ever came up . ' the hearing continues .