gemma redhead was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison , following a conviction for raping her . brutally raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life , gemma redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed . but as she attempted to rebuild her life , the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack – from the man who carried it out . after he was released from prison , having served only half his sentence , he defied a restraining order to phone her . miss redhead said the 46-second call ‘ reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack’ , leaving her unable to sleep or eat . ‘ as soon as i heard his voice i realised who it was , and it disturbed something deep down inside of me , ’ she said . miss redhead , 33 , who has waived her right to anonymity , was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by her former partner , philip kirby . she endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying kirby and his attacks became so brutal she lived in fear every day , thinking he would kill her . in august 2010 the mother-of-four , who has a child with kirby , decided to break up with him . after they separated , kirby , 32 , refused to acknowledge the end of their relationship and begged miss redhead to take him back . he continued to harass her and eventually forced his way into her home before subjecting her to a harrowing ordeal . after the first horrifying attack , miss redhead begged him to leave , but he told her : ‘i’m already going to jail for a long time so what difference does it make ? ’ before raping her again . kirby , of newcastle , initially denied rape . but on the first day of his trial he changed his plea , admitting four counts of rape . in april 2011 , he was jailed for eight years with a five-year extended licence period . he was also handed a restraining order which banned any contact with miss redhead for the rest of her life . meanwhile she began counselling , including cognitive therapy , and medication to help her overcome her post-traumatic stress disorder . but she says her hopes of rebuilding her life have now been shattered . she said : ‘ it is a daily struggle and an ongoing battle to deal with this . after his initial arrest i was hopeful for the future and felt free and that i could begin to rebuild my life . philip kirby had been sentenced to eight years in prison but was released after three years , and phoned his former partner . the rapist had been banned from contacting her for life and will now not be released until 2023 . ‘ i now feel it will never be so and he will not leave me alone . ’ referring to the chilling phonecall , miss redhead added : ‘ but at the same time i was not surprised . i had always felt as though he would come after me once he was released . ’ she said kirby had tried to ‘destroy’ her and she feared he would continue to harass her for the rest of her life . ‘ we tried so hard to rebuild our lives after he virtually destroyed it , ’ she said . ‘ he will never leave us alone . we just can’t escape him . we feel trapped by his behaviour . why can’t he just leave us alone to get on with our lives ? i just want my family to be left in peace . ’ miss redhead described herself as being in an ‘ extreme state of anxiety’ since the phone call from kirby . she said : ‘ i will no longer go outside on my own . i can’t eat or sleep and when i do sleep i have constant nightmares and flashbacks . i am really scared . ms redhead was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack . she is pictured ( above ) with kirby during their relationship . ‘ despite telling probation he wouldn’t contact me , he has . prison has not been a deterrent for him . i feel very fearful of what he would do next . ‘ i am still full of fear . i would like to be free of fear and not constantly worrying about his next release date . ’ after the phone call kirby was hauled back to court and he admitted breaching his restraining order . on friday , newcastle crown court heard that kirby was released from prison in november last year and after drinking vodka he decided to contact his victim last month . he was sentenced to a further six months and will not be released until 2023 , serving his full jail term . judge deborah sherwin said : ‘ what makes this matter particularly bad is the effect she suffered at your hands originally . ‘ it is not part of my function to sentence you again in respect of that but it is the legacy of that , that she feels vulnerable and afraid , therefore any phone calls made by you would have a greater effect on her than they might do to any other person . ’