a host of the nation’s favourite stars have been announced to perform at a concert to mark the 70th anniversary of ve day . status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event . it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday , may 10 . concert : status quo will perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of ve day . members rick parfitt ( pictured left ) and francis rossi ( right ) . katherine jenkins will be west end star elaine paige , boy band blue , r & b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe . other stars include boy band blue , r & b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe . the 1940s-themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 , hosted by chris evans . the singers will be joined by four strictly come dancing couples and readings from pointless host alexander armstrong and absolutely fabulous actress jane horrocks . the extensive commemoration is a victory for the daily mail which highlighted growing concerns that the anniversary risked being overshadowed by the election on may 7 . singer dame vera lynn , the 98-year-old forces’ sweetheart , was among those who called on the government to do more to mark the occasion . it is likely to be the last major anniversary which will be attended in strength by the generation that fought at home and abroad during the war . david cameron asked cabinet minister william hague in february to draw up plans for three days of national commemorations and last month chancellor george osborne earmarked up to £2million in the budget towards marking the event . the timing of the anniversary makes it even more of an extraordinary occasion , starting the day after a general election which is likely to result in another hung parliament . the 1940s-themed concert will also include readings from pointless host alexander armstrong ( left ) and absolutely fabulous actress jane horrocks ( right ) . ministers and their shadows are likely to gather for celebrations not knowing for sure who will be in power of the country after coalition negotiations . the three-day commemoration will begin with a service of remembrance on ve day ( may 8 ) at the cenotaph and a national two-minute silence at 3pm , marking the moment winston churchill broadcast his historic speech formally announcing the end of the war in 1945 . a chain of more 100 beacons will be lit across the country in the evening . ahead of the star-studded concert on the saturday , sports fans will honour the day with clapping and singing during fixtures and cathedrals are encouraged to ring their bells in celebration at 11am . on the sunday there will be a service of thanksgiving at westminster abbey attended by the queen , followed by a parade to st james’s park , where the royal british legion will host a lunch reception for 2,000 veterans . people across the country are encouraged to host street parties and deck out homes and community halls with bunting to recreate the celebrations of 70 years ago . tickets for the concert ‘ve day 70 : a party to remember’ are on sale from 8am today for £36.75 on websites live nation or ticketmaster . 