a second suspect has been charged in the stabbing death of a married lawyer at an upscale washington d.c. hotel . jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 at the boutique donovan hotel . according to a police affidavit filed in court on thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card . her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . scroll down for video . jamyra gallmon , right , has been charged in the stabbing death of a lawyer at an upscale washington hotel stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card , while dominique johnson , left , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery . she has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in d.c. superior court on thursday during which she denied the charge against her . according to court documents , johnson was charged because she knew gallmon was going to rob messerschmitt . she also allegedly accompanied gallmon to cvs to buy the zip ties used to tie the victim up . according to documents , after gallmon returned from the hotel , she told johnson that the robbery ' went badly . ' when johnson was arrested on wednesday , she had two metro cards , including messerschmitt 's card which had been used on april 1 . gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for friday , but that has now been rescheduled until may 8 . she is being held without bond . the woman has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing him . gallmon , who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing , told detectives that the robbery went wrong when messerschmitt grabbed her arm , causing a flashback to a time when she had been assaulted . the affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . david messerschmitt ( pictured with his wife kim ) was found dead in his dc hotel room in february . an affidavit revealed that he had been soliciting sex from men through craigslist . gallmon was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where messerschmitt was killed on february 9 . his hands had been bound with zip-ties into a pair of makeshift cuffs . his hands were covered in defensive wounds . her attorney asserted in court that it was a case of ' imperfect self-defense . ' court documents concerning a rent dispute confirm gallmon and johnson as roomates . about two weeks after messerschmitt was killed , the two were ordered by a d.c. superior court judge to pay $ 1,860 in rent owed since january . a neighbor of the two women said he was surprised that they could be mixed up in such a crime . ' they were great neighbors . they never made much noise , nothing out of the ordinary . great people , ' tony johnson told wusa9 . he said he believed they were also lovers . messerschmitt had texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45pm on february 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office . he never returned and the next day he was found dead at his hotel room with ' various credit cards strewn about ' . he death was declared a homicide . jamyra gallmon , 21 , ( pictured graduating from her military academy high school ) has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old david messerschmitt on february 9 . among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit . fingerprints were also found in the room . investigators discovered that messerschmitt had posted a craigslist ad on february 9 , soliciting responses from other men , using 'dcguy456 ' . the lawyer began an exchange with an individual , using the name 'chrissanchez0906 ' , around 2pm which continued throughout the day . messerschmitt told the individual his room number at the hotel and gave a meeting time of 7pm - 7.30pm . the email address that the lawyer had been in contact with was linked to gallmon . on a search of the woman 's dc apartment , police found a knife , black boots and gloves , and a pack of zip ties . a discussion in the comments section of a queerty.com article about mr messerschmitt 's murder in february included users referencing interactions with an individual using the handle 'dcguy456 ' . one commenter said that 'dcguy456 ' had previously posted on the 'm4m ' ( men for men ) section of craigslist and identified himself as bisexual . on the left , another view of the security footage of jamyra gallmon at the washington hotel and on the right , messerschmitt . emotional : last month , messerschmitt 's wife , kim vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . another individual 's post claimed that he had exchanged emails with 'dcguy456'and met up with him several years ago . authorities have said they are searching for anyone else who may have e-mailed the account used by gallmon — chrissanchez0906 @ yahoo.com — but have not said whether anyone has come forward . the new court documents do not say whether anyone else beside messerschmitt was targeted . last month , messerchmitt 's wife kim vuong gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ' the world has lost a good person . david 's family : a son and brother , and i have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . in one day , i lost the most important person in my life and the man i loved so much . and i have no answers , ' she said . a cincinnati native , messerchmitt attended ohio state university where he met his wife . he went on to study law at boston university before working at a firm in chicago . he then worked at two more firms in the d.c. area before transferring to dla piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law .