renowned fashion designer collette dinnigan has placed her luxurious paddington home on the market after splashing out on a stylish waterfront home in one of sydney 's most exclusive suburbs . the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $ 4.45 million back in 2009 , and is set to go under the hammer on may 23 . after purchasing a lavish $ 6.5 million watsons bay property just last month with husband bradley cocks , dinnigan is hoping for a cool $ 6 million when the lavishly renovated paddington house sells . scroll down for video . fashion queen collette dinnigan has put her four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property on the market . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate . ' it 's one of the oldest houses in paddington , and the renovations are just stunning , ' said selling agent ben collier for msgrath estate agents , who is selling the property along with will manning at ballard property . the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ' very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style , while still keeping it contemporary ' , said mr collier . mr collier said that the owners loved the combination of the house 's proximity to restaurants and cafes , along with the unusually large terrace which makes the property an actual house . ' most terraces in the area are around six metres , but the property 's terrace is about twice that , ' he said . set back from the street in the exclusive suburb , the couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old estella and three-year-old hunter . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres . the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ' very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style , while still keeping it contemporary ' , said selling agent mr collier . set back from the street in the exclusive suburb , the couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old estella and three-year-old hunter . dinnigan has been a successful designer since opening her first store in 1992 and sells her brand in new york , london and hong kong . the inspired reinvention of contemporary and period style offers a selection of casual and formal living areas , which extend onto a central courtyard area with stone finish and a leafy courtyard area . the french provincial style kitchen boasts a marble island bar , which flows effortlessly onto the outdoor entertaining area . the recently configured lower level master suite features a stand alone marble bathtub . ' the fact that the master bedroom is on the ground floor is unusual , and means that the owners can live completely on one level , as the guest bedroom and bathroom is upstairs , ' said mr collier . ' it 's a wonderful property for those who want the paddington lifestyle but do n't want to incorporate multiple levels , ' he said . the bedrooms are a generous size , and have built ins , surrounded by a neutral colour scheme . the exposed sandstone walls and recycled wooden floorboards add to the feeling of rustic luxury . the inspired reinvention of contemporary and period style offers a selection of casual and formal living areas . the french provincial style kitchen boasts a marble island bar . the open plan kitchen flows effortlessly onto the outdoor entertaining area . the prestige dual-level residence also boasts a deep front courtyard . the fashionista and her husband bought the property of james packer 's right hand man in watson 's bay in march . matthew csidei - who works for james packer - and wife lauren roscoe lived at the former masonic lodge before they moved to london with their two kids , according to the property observer . this comes as dinnigan sold her multi-million dollar palm beach home last year and earlier closed all of her boutiques so she could spend more time with her two young children . the bedrooms are a generous size , and have built ins , surrounded by a neutral colour scheme . the recently configured lower level master suite features a stand alone marble bathtub . the four-bedroom property in watsons bay has luxurious features including 18th century french oak parquetry floors , a 20-metre lap pool and views sydney harbour . real estate agents marketed the home as expertly rebuilt from a shell in 2008 ' into a classical beaux-arts inspired contemporary home ' . the property observer reported the house was listed for about $ 8 million . it was sold by ballard property and sydney sotheby 's realty on march 18 . in september last year dinnigan and her husband sold their palm beach home for $ 3.2million . the couple purchased the home in 2010 for $ 3million and went on to refurbish it during their four year stay . the three-bedroom property was bought by the castle actress sophie lee and her husband , ceo of advertising agency host , anthony freedman . dinnigan also reportedly has a home in paddington and a holiday house on the south coast .