ricky woolaston , 35 , dressed in uniform bearing the university of birmingham logo to break into students ' houses and steal laptops . a thief who tricked his way into students ' homes to steal their belongings was caught when he left his old police charge sheet behind which had his name written on it . ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students ' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . but a court heard he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes . officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address . the prolific thief was arrested last friday , and has now been sentenced to four years in prison at birmingham crown court after pleading guilty to five burglaries . the court heard unemployed woolaston would walk around the university of birmingham campus wearing clothes bearing the red-brick university 's logo . but he was caught out when he broke into the biosciences department on january 29 where he forced open two secure metal cupboards . nothing was stolen but woolaston , from erdington , birmingham , left behind the bag containing the charge sheet . police were then able to pin four other burglaries on him with the help of students who positively identified him . after the case , detective constable jon green , from west midlands police , said : ' woolaston targeted students at birmingham university in order to feed his drug habit . however , woolaston was caught after breaking into the university 's bio-sciences lab and leaving behind a bag containing a previous police charge sheet , with his name and address written on it . ' he wore a university of birmingham top and pretended to be a maintenance engineer in order to enter the student flats and steal electrical goods . ' unfortunately for him , woolaston managed to leave vital evidence behind at one of the break-ins , and we are grateful to vigilant students who were able to identify him for further burglaries . ' woolaston was charged with a total of five offences , and asked for a further five burglaries to be taken into consideration . we are happy with his sentence . ' 