andres iniesta has praised manchester united boss louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the barcelona first team . van gaal was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign , and the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut . ' i think my first team debut was the most important day , iniesta told barcelona 's youtube channel . ' it was the most important because i 'd been dreaming about it for so long . louis van gaal gave andres iniesta his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . iniesta reflected on his impressive career while speaking to barcelona 's youtube channel . ' i 'm grateful to [ louis ] van gaal for his trust and to all the coaches that i had before that taught me and helped me to get the nicest moment that i 'd been chasing up to that time . ' iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during barca 's run to champions league success in 2009 , admitting his winning goal at stamford bridge was one of the highlights of his career . ' i consider the rome final to have been one of the best finals of all time because of what the final was like and how we got there , iniesta added . ' especially after stamford bridge and the personal moment i lived with one of the most incredible experiences of my whole career . ' and also because of the circumstances leading up to the game , i had missed the cup final a week and a half before and i was injured , but i always remember that i wanted to play in that final for definite . we got the treble and that led on to achieving more things . ' iniesta scores in injury time at stamford bridge to help barcelona to a 1-1 draw at chelsea in the 2009 champions league semi-finals second leg . iniesta celebrates with team-mate samuel eto'o with the draw enough to see barca progress on away goals . with lionel messi looking on , iniesta mobs eto'o after barcelona take the lead against manchester united in the 2009 champions league final played at the stadio olimpico in rome . barcelona would go on to defeat manchester united 2-0 , with messi ( left ) scoring the second goal as the argentine and iniesta lift the trophy inside the stadio olimpico . 