going down on one knee is always a nerve-wracking experience but popping the question in public comes with an extra helping of risk . and for one man , it was a risk that most certainly did n't pay off after he was very publicly turned down by his girlfriend during an appearance on the jeremy kyle show . the couple , known only as jamie and dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ' my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' scroll down for video . the big moment : jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn . having refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests , jamie attempts to show his love for dawn by proposing - but has the ring thrown back in his face . in front of mr kyle and a tittering studio audience , a furious dawn then storms out , screeching : ' i 'm out of here ! ' the moment came towards the end of a stormy show in which the couple had hurled accusations at each other , with jamie admitting to having sex with one of dawn 's friends while she took their pet dog for a walk . but following dawn 's dramatic walkout , jamie , flanked by a furrow-browed mr kyle , insisted that it had all been a huge mistake . not impressed : she opens the box , takes a look at the ring and then throws it in his face . heading off : dawn then storms off the stage , screeching : ' i 'm out of here ! ' ' it was one mistake , ' he explained . blaming his refusal to take the lie detector test on his ms , he continued : ' it was not my decision to not do the lie detector . the friend i had sex with was a one off . ' but his pleas fell on deaf ears , with a sobbing dawn going on to reveal that she had also had a fling with someone else . ' twice you went behind my back , ' shouted a furious jamie . ' i made one mistake . ' having been advised to ' put up or move on ' by mr kyle , the couple left the show with no plans to marry in the near future . pleading : jamie then attempts to remonstrate with dawn and apologises for cheating . bombshell : dawn then drops a bombshell of her own and admits to doing a spot of cheating herself .