a manchester canal was turned into a giant bubble bath after fire crews tackling a nearby chemical plant blaze saw their water mix with a detergent creating a six foot wall of foam . the ashton canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . scroll down for video . the ashton canal in manchester , which was turned into a giant bubble bath when fire crews tackled a blaze at a nearby chemical plant . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . three-year-old jason kernick looks out of the window of his family 's canal boat as they try to navigate their way through the foam . this then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal , which runs in the shadow of manchester city 's etihad stadium . now the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife after concerns were raised for the safety of fish in the affected waters . a spokesman for the agency said : ' the environment agency is investigating after receiving reports of foam on a 30 metre stretch of the ashton canal , manchester . ' initial investigations by environment agency officers show that there appears to have been minimal impact on water quality , but our officers will continue to monitor and respond as necessary . richard kernick takes a picture on his mobile phone of his boat trying to negotiate a lock and the foam , which ran into the ashton canal . a cyclist takes a picture on his mobile phone as the foam comes up on to the cycle path . the environment agency are investigating to assess of the foam has harmed any wildlife . the foam reached as high as six foot in some places and covered a 30 metre stretch along the water in the clayton area of manchester . ' we are working with the fire service and taking samples of the foam to understand what it is made of , and what impact it may have on local wildlife in and around the canal . ' at the height of the blaze on sunday afternoon , which caused the foam , up to 50 firefighters were tackling the fire and police were also forced to wear face masks . families in east manchester were urged to say indoors after a blast was reported at the industrial unit , which is just a few hundred yards from the manchester city training ground on the etihad campus . the fire at the chemical factory next to manchester city 's etihad stadium send a huge plume of smoke across the city on easter sunday . police wearing face masks went around neighbouring streets with loudspeakers urging people to stay inside while the fire raged . police officers also told children on bikes and mothers pushing prams near the scene to go home and went around neighbouring streets with loudspeakers urging people to stay inside . a huge plume of smoke also turned the sky black and could be seen right across the city and even into salford . according to greater manchester fire and rescue service , the fire was fueled by wooden pallets and unidentified chemicals but an investigation into the cause of the fire is still ongoing . 