 it appears coca cola fans are quite an ocd bunch . used to getting their sweet fix in bottles with colour-coded tops , many like being able to tell whether they 're reaching for the ' full fat ' regular variety by the red lid on top . but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version . scroll down for video . diet coke bottles like this one now have red lids just like regular coke - causing a headache for some fans . coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ' help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range ' . fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes , which have left many a bit confused . coke zero , which is also sugar-free , and the reduced sugar coke life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour , in line with the designs of the labels around the middle . but since march coca-cola has made the lids on all of them red , with the aim of bringing all four variants ' together under one brand ' . many drinkers have been left baffled when confronted with the red tops associated with regular coke on lower calorie and reduced or zero sugar bottles . charlie faloona posted on twitter : ' why on earth do the new diet coke bottles now have red lids but still a silver wrapper ? it does n't look right ' . helen smith added : ' not impressed with the red lids on the diet coke ' . catherine lightfoot posted : ' is there a reason why diet coke now have red lids ? ! utterly confusing ! ' coke life bottles also have scarlet tops after coca-cola decided last month to bring all four variants ' together under one brand ' . coca-cola says the new bottles ' feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed ' . and james robinson said : ' coke are messing with our heads . coke zero used to have black lids . fat coke red . diet coke white . coke life green ' . a coca-cola great britain spokesperson said : ' we have recently announced we are bringing the four coca-cola variants together under one brand to help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range . ' as part of this we have introduced a new look across all our coca-cola packaging to give a more consistent look and feel . ' the new 500ml bottles now feature a larger label with the distinctive colour and description of the variant clearly displayed and the new red caps have the coca-cola variant clearly labelled on the top . ' we have been encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far . ' ' the new red caps have the coca-cola variant clearly labelled on the top , ' say the soft drinks company . despite the worries expressed by fans , coca-cola has said it is ' encouraged by the reaction we 've had to the changes so far ' .