the mutilated body of a missing elderly british woman has been found ' in two different areas ' of a southern french region and a man charged with her murder , local prosecutors say . violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week , after her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party . a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find the body parts . prosecutor pascal prache ( left ) speaks during a press conference in agen , where it was revealed body parts believed to be that of missing violent price had been found in two separate locations . local police have arrested and charged a 32-year-old suspect , who they say was known to mrs price . violet price ( pictured ) , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week . mrs price 's son , who lives in the same area , raised the alert on saturday after he went to her house when she failed to respond on the phone . police immediately started looking for the 80-year-old widow who lived alone , mobilising 70 officers , a helicopter and divers , and searching hospitals as well - to no avail . a source close to the probe had said she was ' neither depressive nor suicidal ' , adding that there was no apparent reason for her disappearance . the daily telegraph reported the 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with two counts of murder , although prosecutor pascal prache could not give any information on a possible motive . the suspect told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of the southern region . mr prache said : ' given the declarations of the suspect and observations on site , it appears to be the body of violet price , ' he said , adding that an autopsy would confirm this . he added the suspect had already been sentenced in 2005 to eight years in prison for manslaughter and the man and mrs price knew each other , though they were not close . they were both present at a meal hosted by the in-laws of mrs price 's son saturday , both left separately mid-afternoon , but for reasons as yet unknown , both found themselves at her home later in the day . when officers visited mrs price 's house on saturday they found the lights on , and two cups of coffee – one half full . the source said mrs price did not own a mobile phone , but had plenty of friends and family in the dordogne , and had been enjoying life . mrs price is a widow whose maiden name is finnis . she moved to france from london three years ago so as to be closer to her son . she speaks very little french . the dordogne , east of bordeaux , is hugely popular with british expats and second home owners , who move there for the beautiful countryside and relatively cheap property prices . french police collect evidence at the home of violet price , who went missing on saturday after attending a dinner party . mrs price and her late husband , harry , bought the house in moustier 15 years ago , originally as a holiday home to rent out . mr price died last year . mrs price also moved to moustier to be closer to her son , paul , who is married with two children , and lives in nearby pardaillan . claudine eon , the mayor of moustier , said : ' i never expected it to end like this . i 'm a natural optimist , and thought she had gone off with friends . ' i 've spoken with a lot of people in the village who , from now on , will be keeping their doors locked . they 've already barricaded themselves in . ' mr eon said ms price was ' charming and courteous ' , and mainly spent her time with members of the british community in the area .