when young school students perform poorly in their classes , the usual antidote is more study , but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous diy brain stimulation kits to motivate their child . the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children . online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online . for a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door . professor colleen loo from the black dog institute has been researching transcranial direct current stimulation ( tdcs ) for 20 years and strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children . ' i certainly would n't recommend doing it to yourself at home , ' she said . professor loo 's colleague , dr donel martin is worried by the advertisements claiming to improve attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) . ' there is some evidence to suggest maths ability and learning may be improved , but in order to do this we must stimulate certain parts of the brain in a certain way , ' dr martin said . ' devices like this where you just plonk it on your head , it 's really unclear what areas of the brain are being targeted . ' websites like brain simulator advertise the simulators for $ 55 us and explain how to make your own electrode . brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and dr martin warns parents against using it on their children . brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and dr martin warns parents against using it on their children . ' there 's been very little research conducted in using these devices on children , ' he said . ' without medical supervision there could be unwanted and unexpected side effects . ' when placed on the head , the devices stimulates the brain by applying electrical currents to a small region of the scalp . it is currently being used at oxford university to improve speaking in those who suffer from speech production problems . websites that sell these devices sells entire kits for as little as $ 55 us . one site even advertises how to make your own electrodes using a household sponge . ' there 's definitely a risk with people pushing the boundaries of what 's shown to be safe , ' dr martin said . ' if you push beyond those limits , we do n't know what the consequences are . '  