the new 4g mobile phone services in the uk are not as super-fast as the industry promised - and could get worse . the mobile phone companies boasted that 4g services would be ‘ five times faster’ than the existing 3g networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012 . however , a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9mbit/s per second on the 3g service that most people use . a study by ofcom says 4g speeds in the uk are slower than promised . mobile phone companies boasted 4g would be five times faster than 3g . but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second . shown is an htc one xl smartphone at a news conference in zurich launching 4g in 2012 . at the same time , the evidence suggests that 4g services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them . 4g technology is being promoted by the big mobile networks on the basis it offers high speed internet access and smooth video streaming without annoying buffering . more than 10 million people have been won over by the promises and have signed two year contracts costing an average of £20 ( $ 30 ) a month . the 4g speed data comes from the telecoms regulator , ofcom , which supports the technology and insists the figures show a meaningful and significant benefit over the 3g services . despite this , the figures make clear the step change has not been as remarkable as the major networks - ee , o2 , vodafone and three - promised . ofcom’s research compares the speed and geographic coverage of the networks and puts ee , which is the subject of a £12.5 billion ( $ 18.5 billion ) takeover by bt , on top . ee’s 4g network , which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses , delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6mbit/s . this looks good when compared with its 3g service , which was a slow 4mbit/s . second fastest was vodafone with 16.4 for 4g versus 6.6 for 3g . o2 came next at 13.9 versus 6.6 , followed by three at a relatively slow 8.5 for 4g which was not very impressive against the 5.4 for 3g . upload speeds are important when sharing content , such as pictures and videos to social media sites like instagram and facebook . ee was also fastest on this measure at 17.6mbit/s , followed by o2 on 13.2 , vodafone on 13.1 and three with 9.4 . the three network was the fastest to load a web page at 0.63 seconds , compared to 0.71 for o2 , 0.76 for vodafone and 0.77 for ee . there is good evidence to believe the speeds offered by 4g are slowing down . when 4g services launched at the end of 2012 , the average download speed was up at around 19 mbit/s , however the new research suggests an average of 14.7 and other studies put it as low as 10 . this has happened because more people are using the service , effectively causing jams on the airwaves . the only way this can be countered is if the networks spend millions upgrading masts and installing new ones . ofcom’s research compares the speed and geographic coverage of the networks and puts ee , which is the subject of a £12.5 billion ( $ 18.5 billion ) takeover by bt , on top . ee’s 4g network , which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses , delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6mbit/s . the ofcom figures are based on 120,000 smartphone tests in five sample towns and cities - edinburgh , leeds , london , newcastle and poole/bournemouth - between october and december . its study found that download speeds in edinburgh fell by 12.5 per cent between the summer and end of last year . the time to call up a web page improved marginally from 0.8 seconds to 0.72 . ofcom admitted : ‘ as more people are taking 4g services from the mobile operators , this is likely to affect the average speeds being received . ’ the speeds for london were unchanged over the same period , while there was no data for the other areas . claudio pollack , ofcom’s consumer director , said the study is designed to boost competition by helping consumers decide which mobile networks are offer the best service . he said : ‘ people are increasingly connected , communicating and sharing content on their mobiles when out and about . ‘4g is delivering a significantly enhanced mobile experience and , as these services roll out across the uk , our research will support consumers when choosing the right mobile package for their needs . ’