sandra malcolm 's body was discovered at her home in cape town , south africa . a british ex-pat has been found hacked to death at her home in south africa , it has emerged today . sandra malcolm 's body was found at her cape town home by her grandson who reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door . reports in south africa suggest the 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this . mrs malcolm , originally from dundee in scotland , was found on sunday morning at the capri mews complex in the marina da gama area of the city . the pensioner had been planning to return to scotland next month to visit family in tayside . she had lived in south africa for 35 years and is survived by two daughters , three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren . her nephew , colin chalmers , of dundee , today said the murder had left the family ' distraught ' . ' i 'm absolutely gobsmacked , i 've never had to deal with anything like this before , it 's completely shocking . ' all i know is that my auntie has been murdered , i do n't want to court any of the rumours around it because we know very little at this stage . ' one neighbour , who asked not to be identified , told reporters they were horrified by the murder . he said : ' this is a quiet community , this is shocking , i still can not believe it . ' i saw her on saturday afternoon last . she had some friends over . ' he described his murdered neighbour as ' friendly ' and ' burly ' , adding : ' it 's so strange because we did n't hear anything , no struggle or a gunshot . ' the grandson , we understand , found her after climbing through the bathroom window . ' i left for church before 10am and i walked past her flat and i did n't hear or see anything . when i came back from church i saw the police vans and they said she had been murdered . ' the family is so shaken they are not in a state to speak . ' details are still emerging of how the pensioner came to be found at her flat . mrs malcolm , originally from dundee in scotland , was found on sunday morning at the capri mews complex in the marina da gama area of the city ( pictured ) . south african news networks reported that neighbours said the pensioner was last seen with friends on saturday afternoon . police in cape town declined to comment on the circumstances of her death but said a post-mortem will be conducted to determine the exact cause of death . forensic experts and detectives combed the scene for hours on sunday . police spokesperson captain fc van wyk said : ' the motive for the killing is unknown at this stage . a post-mortem will be held to establish the exact cause of death . ' the murder comes amid a wave of anti-immigrant violence in south africa . hundreds of african immigrants have fled their homes in the country in recent weeks to escape xenophobic attacks and protests .