police in florida are investigating a possible road rage incident after a woman filmed a man throwing a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while driving his van . michelle , a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings . scroll down for video . cell phone footage recorded by a mom in jacksonville , florida , on tuesday shows a 28-year-old man , dan frank , throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while he was driving his van . when she pulled up next to the man , he threw the bottle at her car , she told jacksonville sheriff 's office . further down the road , she said , the driver got out of his van in traffic and made rude hand gestures at her . michelle said she followed him to his nearby home , where he ran inside before coming outside again to confront her . ' i did n't know if he stashed something or was returning with a weapon , ' michelle told actionnewsjax . she left at that point and met with police at another location . police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 , who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence . frank is helping police who are investigating the case as misdemeanor criminal mischief and his attorney says there is more to the case than simply the video footage . a woman named michelle , right , told police that the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . ' we feel that mr. frank was the victim here and things spiraled out of control , ' lewis fusco told actionnewsjax . fusco said his client went through a yellow light , and that the trailer he was hauling could have crossed the line when the light turned red . ' she then threw some kind of a large object at his front window that put a crack in my client 's window , ' said fusco . ' at that point , that 's when he became angry and did something that he is not proud of and retaliated as shown in the video . ' frank refused to an on-camera interview , but showed local reporters a dent on the hood and small cracks in the windshield of his vehicle . according to his attorney , frank had a passenger in the van with him during this attack who has made a written statement corroborating his claims . 