a daredevil risked life and limb for the opportunity to be named world’s most talented by jumping over a sports car that travelled towards him at 60mph . alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder who has jumped over everything from a lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes . in the clip , which features on interactive tv show world’s most talented , gobitaca is recorded by co-host laura jackson successfully completing the jump . alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder . his stunt driver , hassan explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car . he then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the opel speedster so as to get to the desired speed before reaching gobitaca . as hassan approaches , people in the crowd wince but gobitaca actually makes a move towards the speeding sports car . the people in the crowd grimace as the car approaches the daredevil but incredibly he runs towards it . up and over ! the daredevil leaps into the air and jumps over the car travelling at him at 60mph . he then effortlessly and rather athletically leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him . an instant slow motion reply shows the height gobitaca reaches and just how close the car comes to ploughing into him . the video concludes with the daredevil doing a little dance in celebration and the people in the crowd clapping and cheering . the daredevil effortlessly and athletically leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him . the daredevil lands and does a little dance in celebration before the presenter runs over to congratulate him . hassan is then featured in his car making a hand gesture while coming to a stop – a look of relief is etched on his face . finally the impressed presenter finishes recording the stunt from a tablet and runs over to greet and congratulate the daredevil .