doctors solved the mystery behind an arkansas man 's kidney failure after discovering he loved downing a gallon of iced tea every day . medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily . black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses . scroll down for video . toxic tea : medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock blamed a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems on the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily . ' it was the only reasonable explanation , ' said dr umbar ghaffar of the university of arkansas for medical sciences , who wrote about the patient in an article for the new england journal of medicine . the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea , weakness , fatigue and body aches . the chemical oxalate was found to have clogged the man 's kidneys , to the point that they had become inflamed . with a habit of drinking about 16 8-ounce cups of iced tea every day , the unidentified man was consuming anywhere from 3 to 10 times the amount an average american takes in . the 16-daily-cups habit was striking on its own , since federal studies have found that the average us adult drinks about 10 to 11 cups of liquid every day , including water , coffee and other beverages . ghaffar said she did n't know whether the man was drinking sweet tea , a concoction made from black tea and a hefty serving of sugar that is popular in the south , though he was diabetic . the new england journal of medicine has cited black tea in health issues before , publishing a 2013 case that found a 47-year-old woman had developed a bone disease from drinking a pitcher of tea made from 100 to 150 bags of tea every day . the arkansas man 's case , however , does not suggest health risks for most people , according to dr randy luciano , a yale school of medicine kidney specialist . ' i would n't tell people to stop drinking tea , ' said luciano , who has treated patients with oxalate-related kidney damage . that man drank ' a lot of tea . '