the federal government will be investing $ 4.1 million on a tv drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering australian shores by boat . abc program lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers . the drama , commissioned by the customs and border security agency , will reportedly have a story-line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea . the federal government will be investing $ 4.1 million on a tv drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering australian shores by boat . the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year , urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers . an immigration department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama . however the spokesperson told lateline that ' television soap operas and telemovies are proven media to reach the target audience when seeking to deliver complex messages ' . ' each broadcast will be accompanied by a major awareness campaign across television and social media , ' the spokesperson said . producing the show will be sydney company put it out there pictures . this comes as prime minister tony abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats . despite the multi-million dollar funding , phil glendenning - president of refugee council of australia - told lateline that he has doubts the show will discourage people from countries like afghanistan and syria . ' a tv show is n't going to stop people who are running from the taliban , ' he said . mr glendenning says the government should instead use the funds to help the united nations high commission for refugees give asylum seekers better security . this comes as prime minister tony abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats , the guardian reports . ' i 'm also confident that only this government can keep them stopped because any other government , i suspect , would quickly succumb to the cries of the human rights lawyers and others and what that would mean , very quickly , is that the people smugglers would be back in business , ' he said on thursday .