it 's a charged scene . a woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room , where a smartly dressed man awaits . it could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film fifty shades of grey . in fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick . the stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white , with just a slick of pink visible on the woman 's lips . scroll down for video . revlon 's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar ... it 's shot in black and white , the only colour being the pop of pink on the woman 's lips . the video , titled love is on , was created by agency george patts y & r for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand . revlon uk 's new global tag line , love is on , is the label 's first major relaunch in more than a decade . the move is said to signal it 's intention to inspire love and connect with people around the world on an emotional level . a spokesperson says : ' the idea for love is on grew from our quest to find a universally inspiring emotion . love is by far and away the most powerful and most positive ... truly , l-o-v-e is at the heart of the word revlon . and o-n ( at the end of revlon ) is about being open or `` on '' . ' the stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack . we see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs , entranced ; the couple then dance around . the woman indulges in an impromptu selfie session with an old polaroid camera and seductively emerges with the prints . she flicks them to the man , who 's only too delighted to receive them . it 's a collection of photos of her lips , painted in various colours of lippie . later the woman climbs onto the coffee table in platform heels and almost straddles the man , slowly removing his lie and using it to loosely blindfold him . she takes some polaroids of herself and seductively emerges from behind a room divider , presenting them . she then whispers something incomprehensible in his ear through lipsticked lips , and leaves . the man removes the blindfold and laughs to find she 's drawn a heart in the mirror and left a lipstick kiss within it . crackling with romance and play , the pair 's private encounter is bound to get you all hot and bothered . we see her apply lipstick several times throughout the clip . she wears just a bra and flared mini skirt , while her love interest is clad in shirt and tie . the woman later pushes him back onto the couch and removes his tie . she gently ties it around his eyes creating a blindfold . crackling with romance and play , the pair 's private encounter is bound to get you all hot and bothered . the woman whispers something incomprehensible in his ear through lipsticked lips , and leaves . the man removes the blindfold and laughs to find she 's drawn a heart in the mirror and left a lipstick kiss .