ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast . the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park following the hoops ' 2-0 scottish premiership win on friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit . buddies boss teale hit back , saying : ' it 's maybe a bit firm but it 's an excellent surface . tommy , our groundsman , wins ' pitch of the year ' year after year and that 's a great acknowledgement for him and a great accolade for him . ' ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the division . however , ahead of the home game against partick thistle on wednesday night , the norwegian was not back-tracking on his assessment and went as far as to say his side should be judged accordingly . ' i said the same ( as teale ) , it is one of the best in the league but that says something about the pitches in the league , ' said deila . ' if that is a good pitch , then i say good luck . that is not a good pitch . buddies boss teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the st mirren pitch on friday night . ' i am not saying they do a bad job but the pitches are not like that in england . the ball is not bouncing around all the time . ' this is the scottish premiership we are talking about here . ' we get evaluated every game about performance ; how good we are playing and entertainment and there are high demands . st mirren 's jason naismith battles with celtic 's stuart armstrong during the game at st mirren park . st mirren ace john mcginn slides in as he looks to retrieve the ball from celtic 's james forrest on friday . ' and if that is a very good pitch then the demands on us ca n't be so high . ' if you want high performances then you need good pitches . ' celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed aberdeen having played a game less but deila believes the title race will ' open up again ' if the hoops fail to get the win . ' the game tomorrow is a very big game for us , ' he said . forrest celebrates as he scores for celtic against st mirren at st mirren park on friday night . celtic player emilio izaguirre battles for the ball alongside st mirren ace emmanual sonupe . ' if we win , we put pressure on aberdeen again and if we lose then it is open again . ' everything is possible in football . no one can take the points we have from us but we have to win more games before we win the league . ' i have never taken anything for granted in football . if you do that you can eat your words . ' so this game is important and partick thistle is one of the best teams at the moment . ' they have had some good results and it is going to be a good test for us . ' we have to be up for the game and have a good performance . ' irish midfielder jim goodwin slides in for the ball against celtic 's nir bitton at celtic park .