methane , the principle component in natural gas , is usually produced by organic material decomposing . but there is another form of the deadly gas , dubbed abiotic methane , that is created by chemical reactions in the crust beneath the seafloor . now scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide . the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor . the reservoirs are secure , and scientists do n't believe they will impact climate change . instead , they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel . one reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading knipovich ridge , in the deep fram strait of the arctic ocean . ' this ultraslow spreading ridge shows that the arctic environment is ideal for this type of methane production , ' said joel johnson associate professor at the university of new hampshire . the center for arctic gas hydrate , climate and environment ( cage ) estimates that up to 15,000 gigatonnes of carbon may be stored in the form of hydrates in the ocean floor . scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide . one such reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading knipovich ridge ( pictured ) , in the deep fram strait of the arctic ocean . ' but this estimate is not accounting for abiotic methane . so there is probably much more , ' said cage director jürgen mienert . methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change . the gas is 23 times more potent than carbon dioxide in trapping heat and is currently being targeted by government in an attempt to mitigate global warming . methane pollution has declined by 11 per cent since 1990 even as the governments has pushed for greater use of natural gas . but the longer view on methane pollution show that it will rise . the obama administration points to studies that show that methane pollution is projected to increase to a level equivalent to over 620 million tonnes of carbon dioxide pollution in 2030 , if no action is taken . however , methane is also the principle component in natural gas . it is a lucrative fuel source , which could contain more energy than all the world 's oil , coal and gas put together . they believe the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . ' serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor , ' said johnson . ' these only form in slow to ultraslow spreading seafloor crust . the optimal temperature range for serpentinisation of ocean crust is 200 – 350 degrees celsius . ' methane produced by serpentinisation can escape through cracks and faults , and end up at the ocean floor , causing a concern for future global warming . but in the knipovich ridge it is trapped as gas hydrate in the sediments . ' in other known settings the abiotic methane escapes into the ocean , where it potentially influences ocean chemistry , ' says johnson . ' but if the pressure is high enough , and the subsea floor temperature is cold enough , the gas gets trapped in a hydrate structure below the sea floor . ' bünz says that there are many places in the arctic ocean with a similar tectonic setting as the knipovich ridge . rather than causing a concern , the study claims that active tectonic environments may serve as a stable area for long-term storage of methane carbon in deep-marine sediments . but other types of methane in the arctic are causing a concern for scientists . last year dr jason box who claims that methane will be the main driver of climate change if it escapes into the atmosphere . he tweeted : ' if even a small fraction of arctic sea floor carbon is released to the atmosphere , we 're f'd ' the scientist , based at the geological survey of denmark and greenland , tweeted the provocative statement after a swedish study found methane leaking beneath the arctic . some of this methane – which is over 20 times more potent than co2 at trapping heat - is now making it to the ocean 's surface . scientists at stockholm university called the discovery ' somewhat of a surprise , ' which , according to dr box , is an understatement . samples of the gas hydrates will provide more knowledge on abiotic methane . but they need to be drilled , as they are 140 metres under the ocean floor .