meter maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of queensland 's most sought-after holiday destination , but time may have run out for the surfers paradise bikini-clad icons . the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era , the sunday mail reported . started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters . scroll down for video . local business owners have labelled surfers paradise meter maids as outdated and were no longer providing a service . the controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters , according to the surfers paradise meter maids website . but local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed . they believe meter maids are violating the council 's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise , which gold coast chamber of commerce president peter yared says makes the group a business now . ' i think it’s time they moved on , ' he told news corp . started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with the newly installed parking meters . business leaders say it was time for them to move as they had became irrelevant now because parking meters were electronic . gold coast chamber of commerce 's peter yared said the group were now a business . ' they no longer perform any service for the community ... they do n't do anything in the area except fleece tourists . ' mr yared said meter maids were no longer relevant as parking meters were now electronic and they had not kept up with the changing times . ' we 're trying to clean up the reputation of surfers paradise and a lot of the maids are foreign backpackers rather than local girls . it’s not a good look , ' he said . but surfers paradise meter maids general manager michael yarwood told daily mail australia the chamber of commerce was taking ' a terribly ill-informed position ' . ' the tourists love and embrace the meter maids because they are quintessentially part of their gold coast and surfers paradise experience , ' mr yarwood said . ' the great tragedy at surfers paradise is reflected in its concrete virility and the fact that the locals are staying away in droves . but surfers paradise meter maids general manager michael yarwood told daily mail australia said the chamber of commerce was taking ' a terribly ill-informed position ' . mr yarwood said the meter maids were ' quinessentially ' part of the gold coast and surfers paradise scene . he said they brought good memories for many people who had an idyllic beachside holiday at the destination . ' until such time we are proud of this jewel in our tourism crown , we will continue to struggle to re-establish ourselves as the premier holiday destination in australia . ' mr yarwood said meter maids were the 'under-utilised resource ' to help revamp the region . ' meter maids invoke in most people that wonderful memory of that beachside holiday in surfers paradise , ' he said . ' we 're calling for our future actually lies in past . ' i 'm gold coast born and bred ... and i am ashamed to take clients in to surfers paradise because it is unsafe and unclean . ' we [ the meter maids ] are the only bit of sunshine . that is not only my opinion but the opinion of hundreds of people i interact with every month . ' 