forget about the ' theory of everything ' , an even more important question has been put to professor stephen hawking - what do you think is the cosmological effect of zayn malik leaving one direction ? the legendary physicist was speaking at the sydney opera house as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk , when the question was put to him . but it was a subject that professor hawking had his own theory on saying : ' finally , a question about something important . ' scroll down for video . professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk . during the show professor hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band . buzzfeed reports that a questioner asked : ' what do you think is the cosmological effect of zayn leaving one direction and consequently breaking the hearts of millions of teenage girls across the world ? ' but he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every one direction fan . ' my advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay close attention to the study of theoretical physics . because one day there may well be proof of multiple universes , ' he said . professor hawking showed as well as a huge intellect he possesses a good sense of humour . when zayn left one direction he broke the hearts of millions of teenage girls . professor hawking joked that in another different universe ' zayn is still in one direction ' . ' it would not be beyond the realms of possibility that somewhere outside of our own universe lies another different universe . ' and in that universe , zayn is still in one direction . ' it got better still for the questioner as professor hawking went on to add that , ' this girl may like to know that in another possible universe , she and zayn are happily married ' . the legendary physicist also spoke about the mysteries of the universe , being diagnosed with als , and the future of our planet . apart from the cosmic effect caused by zayn leaving one direction , professor hawking spoke about the mysteries of the universe , being diagnosed with als , and the future of our planet . and if the future of mankind was to prosper then we had to look to the stars . ' we must also continue to go into space for the future of humanity . i don’t think we will survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our fragile planet , ' hawking said . 