it could be a scene from crocodile dundee - although in lieu of the iconic croc-tooth cowboy hat there 's a baseball cap instead . gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . he appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away . two men are seen standing in the background on hand to help with the capture . scroll down for video . action shot : gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond , although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly ' aggressive ' . art williams , of groves , was the one who spotted the gator in his garden over easter weekend . ' my wife and i are just going for a walk , with our new dog , and there 's that 11 foot alligator just about 12 feet from us , ' williams told kbmt news . williams said he 's used to alligators being in the area , which is why he built a fence to keep them away from the pond where his grandchildren canoe . but he said this gator was no match for him or his diy barrier . all hands on deck : saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond , although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly ' aggressive ' . williams called on the help of saurage to remove the massive animal , for everyone 's safety . the beast was later confirmed as a male , around 35 to 40 years old . saurage took the reptile back to his park to join more than 400 other alligators . he says there 's no reason for people to fear the toothy lizards , as long as they keep a safe distance and never attempt to feed them . he points out that alligators can run 22 miles per hour on land and ' you ca n't run that fast . ' although it was big , monday 's catch was n't saurage 's biggest . the largest creature at gator country , nicknamed kong , measures 12 foot and six inches .