homesick sam tomkins insists it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to wigan when he cuts short his new zealand warriors stay at the end of the season . the 26-year-old england full-back is interesting his former club , where his brother joel plays , and wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium . when announcing his departure barely 18 months ago , wigan announced they could re-sign tomkins on a ' defined salary ' on his return to super league . sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors after feeling homesick . and while tomkins says it would ' be nice ' to resume his wigan career , he is tentatively exploring alternative options too . asked where he would be playing next , tomkins said : ' i 've not worked that out just yet . the first thing was to sort it out over here that i could go back . ' hopefully that 'll be sorted in the not-too-distant future . ' wigan is where tomkins launched his career , playing for the club from 2008 to 2013 , so it is inevitable he should be linked with last season 's grand final runners-up . ' that 's where my brother 's playing and that 's where i 'm from , but i 'm open to other places . i 'm just trying to work out what will be the best option for me , ' he said . ' wigan would be nice but i know it 's not the only team i can go to . ' before the announcement on wednesday morning that tomkins will be on the move , wigan chairman ian lenagan told wigan today : ' if he became available we would be very interested . ' we 've got the first option . if it gets to the point where he is available it is in our hands . and i 'll be delighted if that was the case . ' tomkins has been open with his current club about the reasons for wanting to leave . rather than not settling into the new zealand game , it is being apart from his family and friends that has been niggling away at tomkins , unsettling him and leaving him longing for life back in the north of england . he told sky sports news : ' i 've enjoyed every minute of being amongst that group but new zealand is pretty far from wigan , where all my family live , so i want to be back in england around my family . tomkins celebrates winning the super league grand final with wigan in 2013 having spent five years with club . ' i 'll be two years i 've been away and to be able to go back and be around family and friends is what i 'd rather be doing next year . ' a replacement for tomkins has already been found by new zealand warriors , with kiwi international roger tuivasa-sheck agreeing a three-year contract that will take effect from next season . tuivasa-sheck will join from sydney roosters , with new zealand warriors head coach andrew mcfadden describing the 21-year-old on wednesday as ' a wonderful talent and a fantastic signing ' . that has cleared the way for tomkins , currently sidelined with a minor knee injury , to depart without causing excessive disruption 12 months before the end of his three-year contract . tomkins joined the warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000 . ' they invested a lot into me to get me over here which i appreciate , ' he said . ' they handled that brilliantly when i was coming and again equally so when i 've asked if i can leave . ' it was tough because i feel like i owe them something and hope i can pay them back with another big year this year . ' new zealand warriors managing director jim doyle said of tomkins : ' he came here excited about testing himself in the nrl and also experiencing living in a new country but , in the end , sam has found it too much of a challenge being away from home . ' it 's disappointing that it has come to this but reluctantly we have accepted there is no option but to allow sam to return to england . ' tomkins in action for the warriors during the round one nrl match between against the parramatta eels . 