the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam , while tiger woods is looking to rediscover his magic . but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days ? here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of the masters wags . alexis randock - rickie fowler . rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest on wednesday . the american golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger by an internet troll . rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since 2014 and she caddied for him on wednesday . fowler and randock wait near the first tee ahead of the opening round of the masters on thursday . paulina gretzky - dustin johnson . dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky since 2013 and the pair had a son together in january this year . gretzky , 26 , who featured on the front cover of golf digest in may 2014 , is the daughter of former ice hockey star wayne . dustin johnson is engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky . lindsey vonn - tiger woods . lindsey vonn is a four-time world champion alpine ski racer and won gold at the 2010 winter olympics in vancouver . in 2013 it was announced that vonn and woods were dating and the pair can often be seen supporting each other at their respective sporting events . toger woods ' girlfriend lindsey vonn joined him during the par three contest at augusta on wednesday . used to going down a slope vonn navigates her way up the hill during the par three contest . kirsty gallacher - martin kaymer . kirsty gallacher is best known for presenting sky sports news and is also the daughter of former ryder cup captain bernard gallacher . it was first reported that martin kaymer was romantically involved with the television personality in november last year after splitting from rugby player husband paul sampson . kirsty gallacher presents from augusta national for sky sports news on wednesday . amy mickelson - phil mickelson . phil mickelson has been married to wife amy since for 19 years after the pair met at arizona state university in 1992 . they have three children together . phil mickelson has been married to wife amy for almost 20 years . kristin stape - graeme mcdowell . graeme mcdowell married his interior designer wife kristin stape in 2013 and the pair had their first child last year . they met after mcdowell hired stape 's company to carry out work on his home . graeme mcdowell and his interior designer wife kristin stape met after he hired her to do work on his home . diane donald - luke donald . luke donald has been married to wife diane since 2007 and have three daughters . they met at northwestern university in evanstown , illinois in the nineties . luke donald has been married to wife diane since 2007 . jillian stacey - keegan bradley . jillian stacey is the long-term girlfriend of keegan bradley and she played the part of caddy for the american during the par three contest on wednesday . jillian stacey caddied for long-term boyfriend keegan bradley during the par three contest on wendnesday . annie verret - jordan spieth . jordan spieth and annie verret are childhood sweethearts after the pair started dating in high school . verret does charitable work . annie verret and jordan spieth have been dating since high school . angie watson - bubba watson . bubba watson has been married to wife angie since 2004 . bubba met 6ft 4in angie when the pair were at the university of georgia together - he was on the golf team while she played basketball . bubba watson met wife angie at university when she was on the basketball team .