david cameron has brushed off criticism that he is too posh , insisting he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters . the prime minister is apparently so proud to be posh he was happy to be pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork . the bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of ed miliband 's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich . scroll down for video . david cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery as he enjoyed lunch with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota in the sunshine during a visit to poole in dorset . it seems likely that mr cameron was trying to avoid the fate of labour leader ed miliband , who was much mocked for his attempt to eat a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year . few people can appear attractive while eating in public , but on the campaign trail a combination of hunger and not wishing to cause offence to hosts means it can be tricky to avoid . mr cameron 's pitstop at a garden in poole , dorset yesterday include a spot of a lunch . the tory leader loaded his plate with potato salad , cucumber , tomato and a hotdog before settling down next to lilli docherty and her daughter dakota . but he surprised onlookers with his eating style , picking up a knife and fork to chop the hotdog . the pm has a chequered history with hotdogs . in 2010 he caused offence on a visit to new york when he asked for a plain sausage , without even onions . and in march 2012 he was said to have tried eating one sideways while at a basketball game with president obama . he also sparked a mini-storm after opting for ketchup of mustard , the condiment of choice for many americans . the prime minister obviously enjoyed his lunch , and was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine . in a new interview the old etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing , and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves . while aides may worry about the impression mr cameron gave by eating his bbq food with cutlery , the man himself is unconcerned . in an interview to be broadcast tonight , he makes clear he is not going to change the way he behaves to hide his ' poshness ' . the old etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing . he tells itv 's tonight programme : ' i went to a very posh school , i had a very privileged upbringing with parents who were incredibly loving and brilliant . ' i 've never tried to hide that , i 'm not going to change my accent or talk in a different way . ' in 2010 ( left ) mr cameron caused offence on a visit to new york when he asked for a plain sausage , without even onions . in march 2012 ( right ) mr cameron was said to have tried eating one sideways while at a basketball game with president obama . mr cameron adds : ' i accept we need to do more to demonstrate that the economy we 're delivering , the jobs , the tax reductions the homes we 're building , the schools that are getting better . ' that is for people who work hard , who do the right thing . that is not for some sort of them and us economy , it is for hard working people . ' that 's what i have been doing for the last four and a half years . but i accept , in politics , perceptions matter as well as reality and you have to , we 've got to work harder to get that right . '