it’s an instrument most associated with detective fiction but a prankster found a rather different way of utilising a magnifying glass . liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van . capturing the video from his camera phone , the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass , which he moves back and forwards . the prankster films himself at the start of the video that has gone viral after receiving over one million views . liam sandham , of fleetwood , films his unsuspecting friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat . he then films his friend , who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone – visibly content in his own little world . moving the camera down , the prankster videos the man’s hand and slowly moves the magnifying glass over the top of it . a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles as liam attempts to hold the magnifying glass steady so as to concentrate the beam , and its heat energy , into one place . liam moves the magnifying glass over the top of his friend 's hand and a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles . liam 's work friend reacts in shock and immediately pulls his hand away before unleashing an explicit tirade . suddenly the man reacts dramatically – pulling his hand away from his lap fast and leaning back in his seat . he then unleashes an explicit tirade on his friend , who can be heard laughing , as he cradles the burn with his other hand . the video concludes with the victim asking what it was that caused him the pain . the prankster lifts up the magnifying glass to show his friend what it was that caused him the pain . liam lifts up the magnifying glass to show him and his friend swears at him once more , while the filmmaker continues to laugh . the video , which was uploaded to youtube with the title ‘ burning people with magnifying glass ' , has been viewed over a million times .