tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has likened england hot-shot harry kane to gabriel batistuta and insisted he will be there to help him when things do not go to plan . kane moved to within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season after scoring on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against lithuania at wembley last friday night . england boss roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for kane , who has enjoyed a meteoric rise after finally breaking into the spurs first-team following loan spells at the likes of leicester and norwich . tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has compared harry kane to gabriel batistuta . batistuta was an argentina international who also played for italian club roma . pochettino has said he will be there to help kane when things are not going to plan for him . pochettino ( right ) played alongside batistuta with the argentina international team . former argentina international pochettino knows lows can come just as quickly as highs , so will be ready to offer kane advice whenever it is needed . ' harry kane has skills that are similar to different players , including batistuta . the challenge is doing it all again next season , ' said pochettino , who faced england in the 2002 world cup finals in the same team as the renowned argentina forward . ' now it is up to him . harry knows the way to improve his ability . he is in a very good moment to keep working hard and develop his game . ' you need to wait for the right moment to give a player the responsibility because sometimes we can see a player is ready , but not quite complete to assume the responsibility and keep the same level . ' big players always have a good first season - like ( wayne ) rooney , after his first season a lot of people maybe had doubts about the next one , but this is football . ' it is not easy when the player goes down , this is our challenge , but not only with harry , with all players . ' there may be people who doubt him about next season , but the people that know him understand , like us , know that harry can keep the level he has shown . ' england boss hodgson wants kane to continue his international development with the under 21s this summer , after helping gareth southgate 's team qualify unbeaten for the june tournament in portugal . spurs , meanwhile , are set for an end-of-season trip to sydney for a match at the anz stadium on may 30 , with kane expected to feature . kane marked his england debut with a goal against lithuania , 79 seconds after replacing wayne rooney . roy hodgson wants kane to play for england under 21s at the european championships in the summer . tottenham striker kane ( left ) is nearing the 30-goal mark after an outstanding season . pochettino , though , believes with the right discussions a positive solution for all parties can be found to avoid any potential of player burnout . the tottenham manager said : ' it is only one week in sydney . we need to analyse after the holidays , the amount of rest he will need ( before the start of the 2015-16 campaign ) . ' different players need different amounts of rest , so we will have a lot of different dates for players to start their pre-season . ' 