he may not be playing much at manchester united but anders lindegaard certainly has a lot to smile about off the pitch as he enjoyed a spot of sunshine with stunning wife misse beqiri . lindegaard tied the knot with the swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . and the united goalkeeper , who has struggled for minutes throughout his career in manchester , was keen to remind fans via his instagram page of his marriage to stunning beqiri . manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard made the most of the english weather with misse beqiri . lindegaard tied the knot with the stunning model last year and the couple have a son together . danish international lindegaard posted a link to beqiri 's instagram account with the message : ' day off with my sunshine @ missebeqiri # cheshire # manchester ' . the swedish beauty , who has albanian roots , likes to flaunt her good looks on instagram and regularly posts pictures while she 's modelling at work . lindegaard and beqiri , who have a son together , have been dating since 2012 . the 31-year-old moved to the premier league in 2010 after signing from norwegian side aalesunds but has failed to make an impact . beqiri , who is swedish but has albanian roots , regularly posts modelling photos on her instagram page . with over 17,000 followers on instagram , beqiri made sure she showed her new haircut to her legion of fans . lindegaard and beqiri have been dating since 2012 and they married in a romantic mauritius beach wedding . in five seasons , he has made just 19 league appearances and has been restricted to cup matches during his time in manchester . with david de gea in exceptional form under louis van gaal and victor valdes signing for the red devils in january , lindegaard is now third-choice at old trafford . lindergaard , who has been told he can leave united , was linked with a move to fc midtjylland in january but the two clubs could not agree on a price . but despite his failure on the pitch , he 's definitely winning away from it . the denmark international ( right ) has struggled for regular football at old trafford since arriving in 2010 .