expat : detectives are investigating the killing of david king ( pictured ) , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy . a fight over stolen vegetables may have led to a british expat being murdered and dumped at the bottom of a well , french police fear . the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , who retired to normandy 15 years ago . his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder . the alleged killer was living rough in the area , and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area . now prosecutor carole etienne has said that mr king , a keen gardener , may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables . ms etienne , who is leading the police enquiry , said : ‘ among the vague attempts at an explanation given by the accused , we are looking at the possibility of a fight over the theft of foodstuffs . ‘ in one night , a whole plot of leeks might disappear . one person saw four rabbits vanishing overnight . ’ ms etienne added : ‘ people were getting more and more angry , and some were even threatening to defend their plots with shotguns’ . neighbours of mr king , who was hugely proud of his vegetable garden , told le parisien newspaper that a description of the thief corresponds to the alleged murderer . discovery : in february , mr king 's car , a renault scenic ( above ) was found parked in vire , a nearby town , but there was no sign of any body . family and neighbours of mr king have attacked detectives for allowing his suspected murderer to remain at large for six months . interpol , the international police organisation , had initially refused to open a missing person’s enquiry . instead they believed mr king had travelled to australia to see his daughter , sandie ray . mr king had been living in france for 15 years . ms ray , who lives in perth , australia , said her father’s passport details had been mixed up with another david king , who had indeed travelled to australia from france . she said this was known by november last year , but ‘ the french authorities still hadn’t been formally notified of this via interpol until approximately three months later’ . ms ray said a quicker enquiry would have avoided ‘ lots of anxiety and frustration for our family and dads friends . ’ john king , mr king’s son , who lives in brighton , east sussex , said the botched investigation had been a ‘ bureaucratic nightmare’ for all concerned . other expats living in the area said it was ‘ hugely frightening’ to have a suspected murderer living in their midst while the operation went on . ‘ this is an isolated part of the world , and everyone is potentially vulnerable to attack , ’ said one . ‘ detectives should have worked out what was going on far quicker . the slow speed of the enquiry was unacceptable . ' in february , mr king 's car , a renault scenic was found parked in vire , a nearby town , but there was no sign of any body .