winner : simon wood took home the tv crown . a single father of four was crowned masterchef champion last night , fulfilling a dream to become a chef that he has nurtured since he was eight . simon wood , 38 , battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd as they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace a three-course meal in three hours . the final followed seven weeks of tough challenges , including the ' chef 's table ' , which involved cooking one of three courses on a menu set up by italian chef massimo bottura . it brings to an end the eleventh series of the popular bbc weekly amateur cooking contest . mr wood , a data manager from oldham in greater manchester , served a starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans followed by a main of squab pigeon served two ways with blackberry sauce , watercress puree and carrots . he finished with a dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes – citrus tutti-frutti , charred grapefruit and orange , a lime tuile , limoncello pistachio crumb , edible flowers , tarragon leaves and a lime air . after he presented the dishes to the judges , torode said : ' do you know why i love you ? because you take something quite ordinary and make it special . ' wallace said : ' simon is brilliant , he 's an incredible talent . ' after being crowned the winner , mr wood said : ' i 'm shaking inside , it 's so surreal , i ca n't begin to describe how happy i am . it 's life changing . ' finalist mr rodd , 33 , is an architectural recruitment consultant from london , while miss spitzer is the managing director of a luxury travel business and mother to four daughters under nine . finalists : simon wood , 38 , right , battled it out against emma spitzer , left , and tony rodd , centre , as they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace a three-course meal in three hours . mr wood said : ' i have been cooking since i could reach the top of the oven , and i always cooked at weekends with my grandma . ' when i was eight i won a competition where the prize was to have your dream job for the day and mine was to be a chef . thirty years later who would have thought i would have the masterchef trophy in my hands . ' momentous : kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill . a former masterchef semi-finalist has become the first woman to run the prestigious savoy grill kitchen in its 126-year history . kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue , which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers , musicians and captains of industry for decades . the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand , london in 1889 . ms woodward , who lives in camden , said : ‘ it is an absolute honour for me to be the head chef here in one of london’s most iconic restaurants . obviously there is so much history here , and the people who come through the door come here for the classic dishes that the grill is famous for . ’ at the five-star , art deco grill , which is now part of the gordon ramsay stable , woodward will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom some 40 per cent are women . it marks her return to the venue — she was a sous chef between 2010 and 2012 , before becoming head chef at the york & albany gastropub in camden . she reached the semi-final of the 2011 series of masterchef : the professionals .