an ohio police officer has been praised for not firing at an armed double murder suspect as he charged at him during a terrifying incident caught on a bodycam . former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend , in new richmond on thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot . the 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards kidder , asking him to shoot . the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ' suicide by cop ' . former marine jesse kidder ( right ) has been praised for ' restraint and maturity ' after he refused not to use deadly force against an armed double murder suspect . he had only been on his ohio police force a year . terrifying bodycam footage shows kidder aiming at michael wilcox , 27 , following a police chase . wilcox , accused of gunning down two people , was also armed . at one point wilcox said : ' shoot me or i 'll shoot you ' , but the purple heart winner refuses and responds by saying : ' i do n't want to . ' eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived , allowing kidder 's partner to handcuff him . the footage shows kidder 's gun aiming at wilcox throughout the encounter . the officer told cincinnati 's wlwt : ' i was trying to open a dialogue with him . ' i do n't want to shoot you , get on the ground , ' but he was n't having it . ' he got towards my face right as i lost balance . i 'm thinking , at this point , that if he goes into attack me , that i 'll have to use deadly force to defend myself . ' despite the tense confrontation , which could have quickly turned deadly , kidder said he had to make sure his decision was correct . ' law enforcement officers all across the nation have to deal with split-second decisions that mean life or death . i wanted to be absolutely sure before i used deadly force . ' after the clip surfaced , richmond police chief randy harvey , led the response for the cop 's actions . ' for him to make the judgment call that he did shows great restraint and maturity , ' he said . wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend , ran at kidder ( right ) and asked the rookie to shoot him in new richmond on thursday . he has since been arrested and is being held on a $ 2m bond ( mugshot left ) . ' this video footage , it eliminated all doubt that this officer would have been justified if in fact it came to a shooting . ' kidder , who did two tours of duty in iraq , also revealed that a member of his family gave him the body cam after michael brown was shot dead by darren wilson in ferguson last august . harvey is now fundraising so all his cops can wear the devices . wilcox was being held on saturday on a $ 2m bond . kidder 's actions come in the midst of controversy and protests around the country over police officers shooting suspects dead . as wilcox gets closer , kidder refuses to shoot him , despite the suspect 's attempt to try suicide by cop . eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived , allowing kidder 's partner to handcuff him . 