west ham manager sam allardyce has confirmed winston reid will be fit for saturday 's match with bottom-club leicester city , but enner valencia will not be available . reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea on march 4 , but the new zealand defender returned to full training during the international break . valencia missed west ham 's last two games against arsenal and sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-march , but allardyce says he is still not match fit . west ham centre back winston reid ( right ) tussles with tottenham's mousa dembele in february . ' we 've got winston back in full training , ' allardyce confirmed . ' he 'll be available . he 's had the last seven days or so back in full training so should be available to go . ' he 's a little bit rusty in match practice but he 's obviously very important to us . ' i do n't think valencia is going to make it but he 's back in some sort of training which is good . even though he 's back in training he 's not quite available yet . enner has n't made it but winston has . ' allardyce meets a leicester team looking to kick start a run for their final eight games as they try to beat the drop from the barclays premier league to the championship . enner valencia ( left ) shields the ball from everton defender phil jagielka at the boleyn ground in january . west ham beat leicester 2-0 in the reverse fixture in mid-december and big sam says manager nigel pearson has been getting the performances , but not the results . ' i think overall nigel must be pulling out his hair , ' allardyce said . ' why have those performances not given them more results ? that 's the cruciality ( sic ) of the premier league . ' on occasion , his team have been in the ascendancy . they have not taken advantage of it by not scoring or converting chances . they 've paid the ultimate price in the end . that 's this level for you . ' west ham boss sam allardyce feels nigel pearson ( above ) has received unfair criticism in recent months . allardyce feels pearson has received unfair criticism recently after a series of controversies , including grabbing crystal palace 's james mcarthur by the throat during a match and losing his cool at a reporter during a press conference . ' he 's his own man . he has his own methods and believes in not only himself but what he 's doing , ' allardyce added . ' occasionally we all get under pressure . we may make odd comments or the odd mistake but we 're human beings like everybody else . ' he 's doing an unbelievable job , not just at leicester but as a manager . ' 