the apple watch version one , with its much-hyped unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps , may not be all that it 's cracked up to be and has been labelled ' a waste of money ' by some of australia 's tech experts . with the wait almost over , release date for the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for april 24 , the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests , if you have n't already pre-ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation apple watch . ' if you want an apple watch battery that lasts longer than a day , better apps and gps , you might be better off waiting , ' said michelle hutchison , finder 's money expert . ' while the first generation apple watch is a very exciting piece of wearable technology , there are clearly many key features missing from the watch . if you’re going to spend between $ 499 and $ 24,000 on the first edition , you might end up being disappointed with its functionality in 11 months time . ' scroll down for videos . the long-awaited apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide but a panel of technical experts claim it is far from perfect . the apple watch 1 will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24,000 for an 18-carat model . michelle hutchison and jeremy cabral from comparison website finder.com.au are among those who have run the rule of the soon-to-be released futuristic watch . the apple watch gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours . those who pre-ordered are expected to take delivery on friday . while apple is promoting the release with ads stating `` you’re going to be amazed by how many things you can do with apple watch '' , a survey of five australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch . they all expect the second version to be a vast improvement , pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current apple watch . other key features which are absent , include an independent internet connection ( the watch relies on an iphone for data ) , gps and water-proofing was also an issue . apple proudly exclaims it to be ' our most personal device yet ' . ' apple watch is unlike any device we’ve ever made , ' the company states on its `` watch technology '' website . ' the result is an experience that’s both unique to apple watch and quintessentially apple . to make the best use of its size and location on your wrist , apple watch has all-new interactions and technologies . ' they let you do familiar things more quickly and conveniently . ' but ms hutchison said the first version of the apple watch might simply be ' a waste of money ' for some consumers , who might be better off waiting until the 2016 version . the price comparison for the apple watch across the uk , australia and us . from $ 499 right up to $ 24,000 . the apple watch 1 has been in high demand but some tech heads say version two might be worth waiting for . she also estimated that apple watch version two would be released on or around march 18 , 2016 . that was based on a study of release dates between apple’s first and second edition ipods , iphones and ipads . two new features the panellists expect to be available on the second version of the apple watch are the gps facility , and being able to work more independently from the iphone . greater access for app developers is also likely to be available on the second version , so said the experts . mike rundle , the owner of flyosity , said he wanted to see it ' work independently from the iphone or wo n't need an iphone to set it up ' . he also hoped there would be better gps capability , along with a ' thinner and faster device with a brighter screen ' . chris stead , editor in chief , old mate media added : ' better battery life is a given as apple improve its tech efficiency . ' ' we can also expect more user interface/control options , and greater access to those options for developers . ' this will be required if app makers are going to be able to make bespoke experiences that maximise the apple watch , as currently a number of features are gated off , presumably , to minimise quality assurance issues during the device’s launch . ' mike rundle ( left ) from flyosity and chris stead of old mate media were among the panel assembled to look at what apple watch 1 has to offer . rundle wanted it to ' work independently of the iphone ' . mike bantick ( left ) is from itwire.com wants the apple watch to be water-proof while angus kidman ( right ) representing lifehacker australia on the panel said the new model should be altered to allow for more apps . but the number one technology upgrade that will have the biggest impact on the apple watch is the iphone 7 , according to those surveyed , followed by ios9 – the next mobile operating system – and apple pay where users can make contact-less transactions through the so-called near field communication ( nfc ) technology . ' the most exciting part about the apple watch and wearable technology is the endless potential for how these devices will change our lives , ' said ms hutchison . ' from turning on our tv to pre-empting a heart attack , to the way we access information and how we pay for things , it has the potential to make our lives more convenient and even more productive . ' mike bantick , contributing editor at itwire.com has called for a water-proof sport version , with gp and headphone options , while angus kidman , the editor of lifehacker australia called on apple to ' open sdk so there are more apps ' and jeremy cabral , head of publishing and editorial at finder also wants to see it ' work independently to the iphone ' . the apple watch will initially be available in just nine countries : australia , uk , us , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan but the company says more countries will come on line at a later date .