as america 's elite crime investigators they are more used to tackling crime . but now fbi agents have been told they have to new enemy to battle -- calories . expanding waistlines and lack of mobility for many agents has led to the introduction of a compulsory fitness tests . those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity . compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all fbi agents following fears over expanding waistlines . fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness . he said the force depends on its agents ability to ' run , fight and shoot ' . coney also said he wants the people to take one look at an agent think ' there goes a special agent of the fbi ' rather than a derogatory remark about being overweight . police in america are often parodied for their love of doughnuts and few forces have any weight restrictions . new recruits to the fbi have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam . as part of the annual test agents aged under 30 will have to run a mile in twelve and half minutes and sprint 300 metres in 59 seconds . they will also have to perform 24 push ups without stopping and 35 sit ups in a minute . some agents have complained about the five minute break between the exercises as they struggle to catch their breath . fbi chief james coney said the force depends on its agents ' ability to ' run , fight and shoot ' . older agents are given slightly longer times to perform the tests . a man in his 50s is allowed 15.14m for the mile run and 83 seconds for the sprint . the federal bureau of investigation 's 12,000 female agents must also take the test . according to the new york times , who obtained an internal memo from coney about the fitness tests , few agents have rushed to meet the october deadline to complete the physical . in the washington dc office only 75 out of the 800 agents have taken the test . the introduction of the tests comes as america is grappling with an obesity problem with a third of adults deemed obese or overweight . figures from the centre for disease control and prevention show that almost 80million adults are obese and the cause of death of more than 120,000 people a year . first lady michelle obama has been at the forefront of tackling child obesity with a nationwide ' let 's move ' campaign urging children to get more exercise . the cost to the health care system treating people with illness caused by overeating such as strokes and heart attacks has been put at $ 98billion a year . the concern about the fitness of fbi agents began after the 9/11 terror attacks when the agency switched its main mission from catching criminals to fighting terrorism . rather than taking part in arrests , often involving chasing criminals , they would spend hours sat behind a desk . much of their work now involves cyber crime and intelligence gathering which mostly involves desk work and little exercise . ' you could see that health and fitness were not the priority it used to be , ' said zachary lowe , the chief of physical instruction at the fbi hq in quantico , virginia . much of the fbi 's work now involves cyber crime and intelligence gathering which mostly involves desk work and little exercise - hence the new drive to get fit . fbi chief comey , who took over in 2013 , discovered on touring field offices that morale was low . he also notes that many agents did n't look as if they would be able to pass the physical exam they had taken on joining the force . his new regime has led to many calling the agency the ' fit bureau of investigation . ' j edgar hoover , the famed first director of the fbi , had made fitness tests compulsory while he was in charge . its current director said the lives of people they protect depend on agents fitness and health and they were symbols of what is ' right and good ' about the us . he said : ' the lives of your colleagues and those you protect may well depend upon your ability to run , fight and shoot , no matter what job you hold . ' i want you to look like the squared away object of that reverence . i want the american people to be able to take one glance at you and think `` there is a special agent of the federal bureau of investigation '' . ' 