a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday . when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . but sonia and her husband rony , who live in providence , rhode island , decided to ' keep her no matter what . ' a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born are celebrating her first birthday . pictured : sonia and her husband rony , with elizabeth , four , and angela , now one . elizabeth with her little sister . angela has anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth . angela , who weighs only 16 lbs. , celebrated her first birthday on march 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter elizabeth . they were prepared that they may lose angela from the moment she was born . ' when we went to the hospital , i thought i was going to be saying hello and goodbye on the same day , ' says sonia to people . ' we sang her a song that we made for her . it was during an ultrasound that sonia morales was told her daughter was not developing properly . sonia says her daughter is aware that her little sister is sick , but just wants to spend as much time with her as she can . everyday the family sing a birthday song , along with a birthday cake and a prayer as they celebrate angela 's life . after her birth , doctors told the family it was a critical period , but a week later they were thrilled to bring her home . the family have been celebrating every day with angela since as they know life could be short for their sick daughter - they have a birthday cake and sing every day . ' every day is truly a gift . she knows how much she is loved , ' sonia says . anencephaly occurs between the third and fourth weeks of pregnancy . during that time , the neural tube is supposed to close and fold over to form the brain and spinal cord of the fetus . this process fails to occur in anencephalic pregnancies , resulting in the absence of a large portion of the brain , skull and scalp . babies born with anencephaly are usually blind , deaf , unconcious and unable to feel pain . they are usually stillborn but in rare cases they may survive longer . the rate of anencephaly is one or two per 10,000 births . sonia says her other daughter is aware that her little sister is sick . she wrote on a facebook post : ' from the beginning we tried to explain that her baby sister would have to go to heaven with jesus because her head was not fully formed . she took it in a very natural way . ' eli was always there close to help me with her sister . rony and i , did not want her to see angela 's head without the hat that covered the hole in her head . ' but one day i did not locked the door when i was doing angelas 's dressings and i was washing her wound . elizabeth 's first reaction is priceless , `` mami she has hair , she is beautiful ! `` ' elizabeth did n't see angela 's deformity she saw her sister , she saw her beauty . ' and from that day she was the one who helped me clean the opening . ' passing me the gloves , tape and bandages . she told me , angela is different from other children but who cares mommy she is beautiful god made her like this . ' angela has part of her brain missing and one of her eyes is shut , but she has made progress in the past year . sonia posted a video online which shows her moving her head as she calls her voice and she recognizes those familiar to her . although her future is still uncertain the family are making the most of their time with her and take her on family outings . the morales have created a gofundme page to help with medical expenses . they have also made a facebook page which offers updates on angela 's health as well as offering support to other families whose children have anencephaly . sonia wrote on the facebook page : ' i am a happy mom . she gives us so much joy to our family . ' although her future is still uncertain the family are making the most of their time with her and take her on family outings .