millions of petrol and diesel engine cars would be banned from the road within 25 years under liberal democrat plans . only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal . normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred . scroll down for video . liberal democrat leader nick clegg takes a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today . mr clegg thanked ' go ape ' for having him this afternoon . he said it was ' healthy and active fun after being on the battle bus for so long ' . as part of its ' green ' efforts , the party today announced a £100million ' prize ' for car companies who build the first ultra low emission vehicle . lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ' dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months . he used a visit to dymag , a specialist manufacturer of high performance racing wheels in chippenham , wiltshire , to highlight the plan to encourage greener motoring . to win the money , firms would have to create a family car which breaks into the top five in uk sales and have ultra low emissions ( ulev ) . a ulev is defined as a vehicle which has co2 emissions of below 75g/km , far cleaner than the current 128.3g/km average for new cars . on current trends , becoming one of the five best selling cars in the uk would require sales of around 60,000 . lib dem leader nick clegg used a visit to dymag , a specialist manufacturer of high performance racing wheels in chippenham , wiltshire , to highlight the plan to encourage greener motoring . mr clegg was joined by local lib dem candidate duncan hames , who was a ministerial aide to the deputy pm . mr clegg said he wanted to tackle ' dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months . mr clegg said : ' for the first time since the 1970s , britain now sells more cars than it buys thanks to vince cable and the liberal democrats being in the driving seat at the department for business . ' however , we need to go further and faster in making britain a world leader in low emission vehicles by providing the right incentives and infrastructure to attract green investment and green jobs . ' this is n't just about re-balancing the economy , it 's also about tackling dangerous levels of air pollution that reduce average life expectancy by up to eight months . ' our liberal democrat £100 million prize fund will spark a low emission car revolution in britain and help to build a stronger and greener economy for years to come . ' a party source said the prize would ' turbocharge the technology ' already being developed by manufacturers , incentivising them to bring models to market that would be affordable enough to become a best-seller . the party indicated that it expected a successful model would cost around £10,000 to £15,000 and would result in lower running costs for consumers .