the london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to pick up their pets ' droppings and use bins provided ( pictured ) . a london council is to introduce csi-style dna testing for dogs so it can track and fine owners who do n't clean up after their animals . the london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek so it is registered on a database . the council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine . the laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate . the council hopes that the collection of dna samples would fit well with new national laws requiring all owners in britain to microchip their dogs by april next year . and while it will mean an expense for the council , they believe it will represent value for money for residents as similar schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent . the move is part of efforts from the council to reduce its £2.3million annual street cleansing bill . although the methods may seem extreme , council leader councillor darren rodwell claims they are necessary to clean up the borough . he said : ' we are the first council in the country to get really tough on dog mess and pet owners who do not act in a socially responsible way . ' the vast majority of dog owners in barking and dagenham are socially responsible but unfortunately a selfish few think it 's ok to not clean up after their pet . ' dog mess not only spoils our streets – it 's also a health hazard and especially to young children which is why we are using this innovative approach . ' the scheme is currently being discussed under the tagline leading a new way - but there are no plans as yet to make it mandatory . the london borough of barking and dagenham , civic centre pictured , will become the first in the uk to introduce the plans which will allow them to match dog mess to owners and issue fines . they 're currently in discussion with stakeholders including the kennel club , keep britain tidy and streetkleen , the company which will run the dna testing , on how owners can be encouraged to submit the samples . streetkleen managing director gary downie said : ' i believe the combination of dna testing and enforcement could be the most effective means of ensuring owners are held accountable for their dog 's actions . ' in the us , we have experienced reductions in dog fouling by as much as 90 per cent after introducing the programme . ' for the vast majority of responsible dog owners this should pose no problem at all . ' in fact , we believe that the minimal cost involved in the dna testing will pose value for money when the selfish minority of dog owners are brought to task . '  