cape verde 's 2-0 win over portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week . so , who are cape verde and why has this tiny island off the west coast of africa suddenly become an international football force ? where are the cape verde islands ? cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes , making it a haven for tourism . cape verde is a picturesque island off the african coast with a population of just 500,000 people . does it have any footballing tradition ? more than you think . manchester united winger nani is from cape verde and could have played for them instead of portugal . celtic and sweden legend henrik larsson 's mum is from cape verde . being a former portuguese colony , most people support the big lisbon clubs benfica and sporting , you see the club 's scarves and banners hanging from cafes and bars . sporting lisbon ace nani ( centre ) is from cape verde but decided to represent portugal at national team level . former barcelona star henrik larsson could have played for cape verde as his mother was born on the island . why the sudden success ? like a lot of african countries including algeria and ghana , cape verde decided to start recruiting players who grew up in europe , mostly portugal in their case , but were eligible for them through family ties . around a quarter of the cape verde squad are european , although 14 of the 19 players used in portugal were born on the island . they qualified for their first africa cup of nations in 2013 and reached the quarter-finals , and qualified again this year . they are the smallest nation ever to play in the continental finals . cape verde were eliminated at the quarter-final stage of their first ever africa cup of nations in 2013 . who are the star players ? every member of the squad plays club football outside cape verde , mostly in europe and particularly portugal . striker heldon plays for sporting lisbon and midfield set-piece specialist babanco is with estoril . odair fortes , who scored their second goal against the portuguese , plays in french football for reims . other members of the squad ply their trade from romania , angola , cyprus , hungary , holland , bulgaria and mexico . sporting lisbon striker heldon , currently on loan at cordoba , is one of cape verde 's key players . what can cape verde offer visitors ? firstly , sunshine . the temperatures rarely dip below 21 degrees celsius ( 70 f ) even in the december and january winger months . the name of the main beach boa vista ( beautiful view ) says it all . it is beginning to become a big tourist destination , just a six-hour flight from the uk . visitors are encouraged to sample the excellent local fish and admire the spectacular dunes and volcanic mountains . boa vista beach , pictured , is one of the main attractions on the small island of cape verde . are they a flash-in-the-pan ? the fifa rankings would suggest not . cape verde currently stand 38th in the world , one place ahead of scotland . although they failed to make the knockout stages of this year 's africa cup of nations , they did return home unbeaten after three draws against tunisia , congo and former winners zambia . cape verde celebrate during their 2-0 friendly victory over portugal on tuesday evening . what is the special relationship with portugal ? portuguese explorers discovered the island in 1456 and it stayed a portuguese colony until independence in 1975 . but famine and lack of economic opportunity around the same time meant many young cape verde men were forced to go to portugal to build new lives there . now the country 's football team is helping them re-establish their roots . the reason for tuesday night 's friendly in the first place was to raise money for the victims of a volcanic eruption on the cape verdean island of fogo . and the only saving grace for portugal ... cristiano ronaldo was n't playing . real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo was rested for portgual 's clash against cape verde . 