britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands . above , troops walk across the island in 1982 . argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands coast , as tension rise on the 33rd anniversary of the conflict . officials claim companies active there are acting ' illegally ' in argentine territory . it comes after britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a remote field of the islands . the find , announced by british firms that share the exploration area ( premier oil , rockhopper exploration and falkland oil & gas ) , could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict over the british overseas territory . it comes just days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ' very live threat ' from argentina . david filmus , the argentine minister in charge of the malvinas , as the islands are known in latin america , said : ' the new exploration efforts to try to find hydrocarbons in the area carry a huge environmental risk . ' he said the foreign and planning ministries would undertake a joint legal filing in the coming days to try and block further exploration . ' we want the owners of the companies to be tried according to argentine laws and international statutes , ' mr filmus said , adding that the process ' could end with an argentine judge issuing an arrest warrant against those who operate illegally in argentine waters ' . the discovery at the zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with buenos aires , exactly 33 years after argentina invaded the islands . lord west of spithead , a former first sea lord , said last night the find would lead to further claims by the argentinians over the long-disputed territory in the south atlantic . ' the rhetoric and sabre-rattling from argentina will grow , ' he added . ' the argentinians have always been worried we will find oil and , given their economic state , they will think , ' we should have it ' . ' we will have to be careful . the only way to stop them ( acting ) is to ensure we have sufficient military there . the rhetoric from argentina will get worse . ' argentina invaded the falklands in 1982 , leading to a conflict that cost 260 british and 650 argentine lives . the south american state still claims territorial rights to the islands . britain pledged last week to invest £180million over the next ten years to defend the islands , with an upgrade of a surface-to-air missile system and the deployment of two chinook helicopters . the commitment came after it was revealed earlier this year that russia could be helping to re-arm argentina . the latest incident sees a heightening of tensions between argentina and britain over the falklands . pictured is the bombing of the sir galahad troop carrier , after it was hit by a missile . a map shows the oil has been discovered 130 north of the island by british companies at the zebedee oil well . yesterday 's discovery , which could yield 100 million barrels of oil , was announced by the british firms that share the exploration area , premier oil , rockhopper exploration and falkland oil & gas . malcolm graham-wood , an oil industry expert and founder of the consultancy hydrocarbon capital , said : ' this is good for britain , good for british oil companies , good for taxes and good for the industry . ' samuel moody , chief executive of rockhopper , which is named after the southern rockhopper penguins found on the islands , said : ' this is a fantastic start to the 2015 falklands drilling campaign and provides early proof of the significant remaining potential of the north falkland basin . ' shares in the oil-exploration companies initially soared to double digits after the discovery was announced . the row over the sovereignty of the islands , which argentina calls malvinas , could be intensified by the oil find . however , mr graham-wood said : ' oil is always found in difficult places , geographically and politically – look at alaska , for instance – but that has never worried the oil industry . ' oil expert charlie sharp , of the investment bank canaccord genuity , said the zebedee discovery was ' an excellent start to the exploration campaign ' . war veterans sing the national anthem and hold the argentinian flag during a ceremony marking the 33rd anniversary of the start of the falklands war . argentina has now written to the un about british ' aggression ' . argentina 's president cristina fernandez de kirchner ( right ) pays tribute to the soldiers who died in the conflict during the commemoration of the 33rd anniversary in ushuaia last week . kirchner used the anniversary - commemorated in argentina as the day of the veterans and fallen of the malvinas islands war - to criticise britain 's announcement it will beef up its defence of the islands . kirchner told the crowd : ' we will see the islands form part of our territory again . it 's not just wishful thinking ' . documents released by american whistleblower edward snowden allege britain was actively spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 . there has been no official response from britain or argentina to the claims , which were published by several argentine news agencies . the documents include allegations britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentine government , it has been reported . it follows another made nearby in 2012 through a project called sea lion , but the price of oil has halved since june , forcing many explorers to cut back on spending . experts also predict future finds could be even more significant . stephane foucaud , oil analyst at first energy , said the latest discovery is ' encouraging news ' , but another well – called isobel deep , 15 miles to the south – is the ' most important ' in the area . mr fallon said last week that existing defences in the falklands would be modernised , with investment in ' ageing infrastructure ' and an upgrade of the surface-to-air missile system . it came after news that russian president vladimir putin was reportedly working on a deal to lease 12 sukhoi su-24 bombers to argentina . intelligence chiefs warned that argentina could land forces on a remote island , and that commanders needed support helicopters to enable infantry to react to any threat .