chelsea striker didier drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the barclays premier league leaders with no fit strikers ahead of their game against arsenal on sunday . drogba has withdrawn from monday 's ' match against poverty ' in st etienne to add to the blues ' injury woes upfront after diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday 's 1-0 win over manchester united . the ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in chelsea 's last two games , wins over queens park rangers and united , but is now a potential doubt for sunday 's trip to the emirates stadium with the ankle problem . chelsea 's didier drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury . drogba has withdrawn from monday 's ' match against poverty ' after playing against manchester united . ander herrera is tackled by drogba during an all-action performance in the 1-0 win at stamford bridge . drogba posted on twitter : ' disappointed not to be able to play the # map2015 because of an ankle injury but still supporting # ebolaresponse . ' when one follower claimed drogba was pulling out to avoid an injury before the end of the season , the 37-year-old replied : ' i 'm already injured if you can read well my friend . ' costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week , but chelsea may be reluctant to throw him in from the start against arsenal , given how he broke down with the hamstring problem that has troubled him for much of the season against stoke city . remy was not even on the bench against united despite manager jose mourinho saying he had a better than 50/50 chance of appearing at stamford bridge . dominic solanke , a 17-year-old with just one first-team appearance , was the only recognised striker among the substitutes . the blues need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first premier league title in five years , although they could be celebrating as early as april 29 if they win at arsenal and then against leicester city . diego costa returns to training with the first-team squad this week but may not be thrown in against arsenal . loic remy ( right ) has also suffered from injury problems and was not ready to return against united . dominic solanke , pictured with the uefa youth league trophy , was the only striker on the bench on saturday . after the win over united , when asked if chelsea were celebrating winning the title early , drogba said : ' you should never celebrate too early . you must respect the championship , respect the other teams . until we are champions and even then , we respect the other teams . ' aside from their three forwards , chelsea are without any other injuries heading into sunday 's game .