a man who shot himself in the head while waiting in a las vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper explaining his shocking public suicide . in the angry and emotional package delivered to the las vegas review-journal on monday , john noble , 53 , said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the m resort 's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013 . included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled ' the curse ' , wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino . scroll down for video . explanation : john noble sent a 270 page package to the las vegas review-journal complete with two hour dvd to explain why he shot himself on easter sunday at the m resort . grevience : john noble ( pictured here with an employee of m resort ) was reportedly upset because he had lost free buffet eating privileges he 'd won from the casino in a suburb of las vegas . revoked : this the biggest winner free buffet ticket that was taken away from noble after he allegedly harassed female members of staff at the m resort after the death of his mother . ' today , i end my life due to the m resort spa casino and its employees , ' said noble , who included a huge dossier on the members of staff at the resort he blamed for having his free food pass revoked . on sunday afternoon at around 4.50pm , . noble shot himself in the head in front of stunned hotel guests at the resorts famed studio b buffet after setting his car on fire in the parking lot . inside the package that noble sent to the review-journal are reams of notes and documents including a table of contents , photographs and his video bemoaning the loss of his free buffet access which he won in september 2010 . ' in this video , you will learn the reasons why i , john noble , one-time biggest winner , was suicidal on easter sunday . ' during his video , noble demonstrates encounters he has had with the m resort staff who all try to patiently explain to him why he can not be granted access anymore . explanation : an agitated noble included videos of his futile interactions with employees at the m resort as they tell him he ca n't eat at the buffet . ominous : at the end of his dvd recording , noble flashes text that reads ' the end ' and heralds his own suicide . fury : this is the facebook posting from easter sunday in which noble attacks staff members at m resort for taking away his free buffet for life pass . ' you got ta fight for what you believe in and i believe that i was unjustly kicked out , cause if they do have a policy that team members are n't allowed to fraternize with customers and guests then they broke the policy . ' becoming increasingly agitated , noble begins to lash out at people for not helping . ' that 's the trouble , people do not get involved , ' says noble . ' that 's why this world is so screwed up . ' on easter sunday , just hours before he took his own life , noble uploaded a furious invective to facebook attacking the women he believes got him banned from the casino and the buffet . he writes , ' if you noticed on my friends list are a few lawyers & judges i been trying the past few years to find an attorney to represent me against the lies and slander the m resort has falsely made about me , even though a few attorneys i met say it’s a good case trying to find one on contingency or pro bono has been a difficult task . ' angry , noble writes that everyone at the m resort are ' hateful ' and pathetic ' and says , ' it is sad that this is what our society has become . i’ve been destroyed because i told the truth , i never thought any type of backlash would be so brutal to destroy me in this way . i’m a genuine person proved by my inability to properly deal with everything that happened . ' he then goes onto give address and names of the women he says got him barred , which the daily mail online is not publishing . in the disturbing and detailed package sent to the review-journal , noble mentions a prior suicide attempt from easter sunday 2013 just after he lost his pass , which also happened to be three weeks after the death of his beloved mother , norma . according to a henderson police report included by noble , he was accused by an employee of the casino for stalking , which is believed to be the reason they revoked his pass and banned him from the premesis . indeed , after the police arrested him for stalking he spent three days in a state psychiatric hospital after presumably suffering a breakdown . devastated : john noble 's mental state appeared to deteriorate after the death of his mother , norma ( pictured ) which appeared to set in motion the chain of events that led to him losing his buffet pass . john noble said the m casino resort and spa gave him a free lifetime gift of daily buffet meals in september 2010 but revoked it in 2013 over alleged harassment of female restaurant employees , according to newspaper accounts . after he recovered sufficiently , noble began to contact local media in the hope they would tell his story and even met a reporter from the review journal in a las vegas starbucks . the reporter has said that noble was paranoid and nervous talking about the hotel and repeatedly attacked its employees and management during their conversation . noble 's death set off panic at the casino , as people dined at the packed easter buffet around 5pm on sunday . the las vegas man apparently described his plans for the suicide in a letter to the las vegas review journal , which was received by the newspaper monday . michael hengel , the editor of the newspaper , confirmed the package was from john noble . police spokeswoman michelle french said the review-journal contacted henderson police reporting the package and that investigators will meet with the newspaper to review it . police said a 53-year-old man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound and that a car fire in the parking garage is linked to the shooting . the death set off panic at the casino , as people dined at the packed easter buffet around 5 p.m. sunday . the incident happened at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada on easter sunday . on sunday , noble wrote in a facebook post ' i been trying the past few years to find an attorney to represent me against the lies and slander the m resort has falsely made about me . ' the message also included the addresses and names of several women who apparently were casino employees . both employees and the casino were targets of noble on social media for some time , the review-journal reported . marina rizk , a 21-year-old college student from los angeles , said in a telephone interview she was with three people on sunday evening and had waited an hour to get into the buffet . they had just finished eating and were outside of the restaurant when people shouted about a man with a gun in the line . ' there were people in easter dresses , ' she said . rizk described a chaotic scene . as she ran out of the casino , she said she warned others before going to hide in the bushes outside . ' i remember this one little boy . i remember telling the family , `` get the baby . run . there 's a guy with a gun , '' ' she said . 13-year-old sierra abanilla told the review-journal while on a buffet line ' [ me and my family ] heard this loud boom , and it sounded like a balloon that popped but it was too loud to be that . ' i was in shock ... i could n't think , hear , or feel . it was like my senses just stopped working . ' no one else was shot but two people suffered minor injuries . one person was taken to the hospital after a fall and another was checked out at the scene . a spokeswoman for the casino did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment from daily mail online . to speak to a counselor , contact the national suicide prevention line at 1-800-273-8255 .