a university undergraduate has claimed that the cost of trying to study in london left her with no other choice than to turn to prostitution . as renting in the capital soared to an average of more than £1,100 per month , the second year history and politics student who attends a london university told how she took up sex work– even visiting some clients at their workplace . speaking through the english collective of prostitutes ' , the woman – who asked to remain anonymous – spoke after a research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry . a university student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent ( picture posed by model ) . the survey conducted by the university of swansea further revealed that nearly five per cent of them had actually worked in the sex industry . the young woman said that she did n't immediately turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her . she said : ' i started working after my first year and tried various part time jobs : in a coffee shop , a pub and as a waitress . none paid enough . ' the student loan did n't cover even my housing , let alone living expenses , food , books and travel costs . ' she added that money worries meant she began to struggle academically as well as financially . ' i had trouble keeping up with course work , especially if i worked evenings . ' for example at the pub , i 'd earn £7 an hour for an eight hour shift , two nights a week , so i 'd bring home about £100 weekly . ' i 'd just moved to london from the north of england . my family are not well off , so can not afford to help me much . the student says that traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in london . ' i did n't know anyone in london so when i moved here it was starting from scratch . ' initially she lived in student accommodation in the city but says that working as a prostitute enabled her to afford somewhere better . ' it was an overcrowded , noisy flat with other students , ' she said of her halls . she moved into her own home after she began to advertise her services . ' i could afford a place of my own . i advertise through a website and have regular clients . ' i visit them at home , in hotels and occasionally at their workplace . ' despite sex work not being an ideal situation the student says that it had been beneficial towards her studies . ' it is flexible and fits around my course . ' i can work the hours i want to and scale back around exam time or if i have extra course work . ' the woman heard about sex work from other students who had also been looking for a way to earn extra money . ' in my first year at university i started hearing about students turning to sex work , ' she said . ' after a time i met someone on another course who 'd been working as a stripper in a bar . ' through her i met another student doing escorting , she clued me in , said where to advertise , and how to avoid bad clients and work safely . ' she gave me the english collective of prostitutes ' rights sheet which tells about the laws and how they work . although her new means of earning have enabled her to continue studying in london the woman says she does not particularly enjoy her work . ' my biggest worry is about being arrested because if i get a criminal record it would stay with me for life . it would be massive obstacle to getting other jobs . ' however she remains adamant that this is the best option for her after seeing other friends trying alternative routes . ' sex work is far batter paid and suits my time more than any other work i know of . ' friends at university are working 10 hour shifts for under the minimum wage . others are working on zero hour contracts and never know how many hours they will get . ' sometimes they get none at all so it is very hard to budget and pay bills . ' i know students who 've dropped out and left courses due to financial pressures . ' however she is well aware of the risks she is taking and says she takes appropriate precautions to avoid being found out . ' mostly students doing sex work do n't talk about it . if it comes out , it could affect your future and job prospects . ' the student 's story may seem like a rare case but she says that it is become more regular practice in universities : ' since i started escorting i 've heard that a former roommate exchanged sex with her landlord to cover the rent . ' another woman i know worked as a part time sex worker to earn enough to travel home to visit her family . ' sex work among students is much more common than people think , and it is likely to increase as long as fees , rent and the cost of living is so high . ' 