a former teacher at a prestigious girls ' school , attended by some of los angeles ' most affluent families , has been sued by a former student , alleging sexual abuse . an unnamed 30-year-old former marlborough school student filed the lawsuit against joseph koetters , who taught english at the hancock park school which charges $ 35,000-per-year . the lawsuit alleges that when koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student , which began in the 2000-2001 school year . joseph koetters , a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her . in the lawsuit , unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship , according to the hollywood reporter . marlborough ignored allegations against koetters at the two previous schools he had worked at , the lawsuit claims . he spent time working at pasadena 's polytechnic school and calabasas ' viewpoint school . marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school . the former teacher was arrested in february and charged with two counts of oral copulation of a person under 18 and two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object , all of which allegedly took place during his time at marlborough . koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted . the woman who filed the civil lawsuit is the same one mentioned in the criminal case , her attorney david m. ring told the los angeles times . the lawsuit alleges that when koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student , which began in the 2000-2001 school year . the lawsuit claims that unnamed teachers and staff members did not stop the relationship or properly discipline koetters . koetters also allegedly impregnated the woman , who then had a miscarriage , according to the criminal lawsuit . the alleged victim of both lawsuits spoke to police in july after a different former marlborough student wrote an online essay accusing the school of not properly acting upon her allegations of koetters ' inappropriate contact with her . mikaela gilbert-lurie 's essay , published on xojane , revealed an inappropriate relationship that koetters instigated with her in 2011 while she was a 16-year-old junior . in her essay , gilbert-lurie said that koetters crossed the student-teacher boundary when she asked to interview him for the school newspaper . he agreed , replying ' it 's a date ' to her email . later when they met up outside the school , she wrote that he dodged her questions and turned the conversation towards romantic poetry , saying he could lend her one of his favorite books . at the end of the conversation , his hands brushed against her knee . other students , including the one who filed the lawsuit , came forward after mikaela gilbert-lurie ( pictured ) wrote an online essay about her experiences at marlborough with koetters . while gilbert-lurie admitted in her essay that the flirting made her feel good at first , she became less comfortable with their relationship when he started getting more explicit in their email conversations . he said he knew how to draw boundaries with other students but not with her and talked about how her short school skirt made her ' so alluring ' . a few day later , the teen wrote him saying they needed to stop so she could focus on finals and ' just being 16 ' . koetters responded ' ugh , ok , ' but continued to harass her in class and through email , the teen claimed . with the support of her brother , she decided to tell her parents . in 2011 , gilbert-lurie and her parents informed the school about koetters ' inappropriate behavior , prompting an investigation . head teacher , barbara wagner , told the family that the complaint would be taken seriously - and was allegedly advised by the president of the board of trustees to handle the matter internally . when asked if there had been previous complaints against koetters , it appeared that the head teacher failed to mention a similar complaint in 2005 . it does not appear that complaint by a female student was credited at the time , according to the magazine . koetters , who had taught at marlborough for 14 years , was sent to sexual harassment training following gilbert-lurie 's complaints and stripped of his position as chair of the english department - but was not fired because it was a 'first-time offense ' . marlborough private school in la costs $ 35,000-a-year and attracts female students from some of los angeles most prestigious families . gilbert-lurie was moved to another english class . marlborough claimed last year that they were unaware of gilbert-lurie 's allegation from her xojane essay that koetters had touched her knee . the university of pennsylvania student said that the school had been informed . koetters remained at the school alongside gilbert-lurie for another year before starting a new job at the elite polytechnic school in pasadena . marlborough school announced in the fall of 2014 that wagner would resign by the end of june 2014 , after it was revealed that she did not properly respond to students ' allegations against koetters . marlborough school was not immediately available for comment .