genetically engineering plants and crops to change their dna has been a cause of much controversy in recent years . but new research has found that mother nature might be making its own gm food , as sweet potatoes have been found to genetically modify themselves . and this seems to have been occurring for thousands of years , meaning humans have been unknowingly eating gm foods for much longer than they thought . scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes ( stock image shown ) contain ' foreign dna ' . agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a ' natural genetically modified organism ' . and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . the remarkable finding of ‘ foreign dna’ in the vegetable shows that it contains a type of natural genetically modified organism ( gmo ) . the research was conducted by scientists from ghent university in belgium and the international potato institute ( cip ) . sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption , especially in sub-sahara africa , parts of asia and the pacific islands . it is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the cholca canyon in peru that are 8,000 to 10,000 years old . despite the name , sweet potato is not related to potato ; we eat the tuber from potato , while from sweet potato mainly the storage root is eaten . other sweet potato parts are edible , such as the leaves . it is not the first instance of natural gmos to be found , but it is the first in sweet potatoes - a major crop plant . and the researchers say sweet potatoes all over the world contain this genetic modification . the study focused around bacteria called agrobacterium , sometimes referred to as ‘nature’s genetic engineer . ’ it is known to do something called ‘ horizontal gene transfer’ , which involves exchanging genes between different species - in contrast to normal gene transfer within one species . agrobacterium is specialised to transfer part of its own dna , called t-dna , to plants - and it was this t-dna that was found in sweet potatoes . in total the researchers studied 291 samples of sweet potato from the americas , africa , asia and oceania , and found evidence of agrobacterium in all of them . agrobacterium is known to do something called ‘ horizontal gene transfer’ , which involves exchanging genes between different species - in contrast to normal gene transfer within one species . this so-called transgenic process is similar to the artificial process induced by humans ( stock image shown ) . sweet potato ( shown ) is one of the most important food crops for human consumption , especially in sub-sahara africa , parts of asia and the pacific islands . it is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the cholca canyon in peru that are 8,000 to 10,000 years old . ‘ the natural presence of agrobacterium t-dna in sweet potato and its stable inheritance during evolution is a beautiful example of the possibility of dna exchange across species barriers , ’ said dr lieve gheysen , one of the researchers involved . ‘ it demonstrates that genetic modification also happens in nature . ’ the research suggests that the bacterial dna may have adapted sweet potato for thousands of years in the natural process . the transgenic process - a gene that has been transferred naturally - is similar to the artificial process induced by humans . however , the difference pointed out by the resarchers is that we can control the man-made process , while the natural process is out of our hands . ‘ in comparison to `` natural '' gmos , that are beyond our control , human-made gmos have the advantage that we know exactly which characteristic we add to the plant , ’ said dr gheysen .