host commentator . so that 's it from the sportsmail live coverage of real madrid versus granada . goals from cristiano ronaldo ( five , yes , five ) , karim benzema ( two ) , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secure a huge win . robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation . thanks for following our coverage . if you enjoyed it , why not follow our minute-by-minute updates of tottenham hotspur 's trip to burnley back in the barclays premier league . our live coverage has started here . that 's it at the bernabeu . final score , real madrid 9-1 granada . the biggest win of the la liga season and what a way for the home side to get back to winning ways after el clasico ! 90 mins : a fifth for ronaldo . he heads in at the far post from modric 's cross . real madrid have managed half the amount of goals granada have scored in total all season , before today , in just this game ! 88 mins : good stop by the spanish keeper as he denies granada a second goal , saving at his near post . 83 mins : it 's a tough job stopping ronaldo , but you do n't help yourself when you put the ball in your own net . luka modric crosses in , with the portuguese forward at the far post but the ball does n't even reach him . diego mainz puts his past his own goalkeeper . that 's eight . 82 mins : hernandez is brought down for a foul and ronaldo and bale shape up to take the subsequent free-kick from 25 yards . the portuguese forward takes it and hits it through the wall but well wide . 74 mins : the very definition of a consolation . robert ibanez breaks through , ramos lets him cut inside and casillas ca n't quite stop it from finding the net . not a perfect afternoon for real madrid . 72 mins : useless , this bloke , is n't he ? ronaldo ca n't manage a fifth goal as he stretches to reach jese 's cross but sends the ball wide of the goal . 70 mins : no let-up here , bale plays the ball into ronaldo but it gets stuck under his feet and his finish is wide of the left-hand post . 68 mins : a great cross from marcelo finds manchester united loan star hernandez but it ends up in the goalkeeper 's hands . 66 mins : he scored with a free-kick for wales during the international break and gareth bale almost repeats the trick here . his curling effort from the right-hand side hits oier olazabal 's side netting . 61 mins : an excellent return to the side for james rodriguez ends as he is replaced by jese . two-goal karim benzema is replaced by javier hernandez too . 56 mins : 7-0 . that 's s-e-v-e-n. benzema finds the net again . his shot is deflected into the net by the defender but they all count . embarrassing for granada . real madrid are ruthless and there could be more with 34 minutes to go . 54 mins : bale 's had criticism for not passing to ronaldo recently , but he 's laid a goal on a plate for the four-goal hero here . granada so poor in defending as the welsh winger latches on to a ball played over the top , he knocks it across goal to give ronaldo an open net to finish into . it looks like he 's hurt himself in a collision with the goal but should be alright . 52 mins : and it 's five ! the corner is put in by rodriguez , benzema is allowed to control it on his chest inside the box and he strikes a beauty into the top corner of the net . awful defending on . real 's bbc have come under some stick of late but they 've all scored here . ronaldo gets us started at the bernabeu . can he get even more goals in this second half ? 15 minute break at the bernabeu . 4-0 at the half-time whistle and ronaldo has been at his rampant best . cutting barcelona 's la liga lead is a formality for real . 44 mins : that 's more like it from the visitors . youssef el-arabi hammers in a shot from outside the area but it cannons off the crossbar and down on to the line . definitely not over , so no controversy , but granada have come close . 43 mins : have granada given up ? ronaldo turns provider this time , crossing from the right-hand side into benzema but the keeper gathers . 38 mins : this is getting silly now . it 's a landslide . ronaldo brings the ball forward and he blasts it past the goalkeeper from the edge of the box . it 's an eight minute hat-trick for the ballon d'or winner and real madrid are out of sight . 36 mins : ronaldo plays the ball out to marcelo , it 's crossed in and the goalkeeper ca n't deal with it , palming it out to the feet of ronaldo . is there anyone worse to put the ball on a plate for ? the former manchester united man smashes the ball in and it 's 3-0 . he 's top scorer in spain now ahead of messi . 34 mins : ronaldo is now level on goals for the season with lionel messi . 32 this campaign . it 's relentless from real madrid at the minute but granada stop them with plenty of bodies back . plenty more goals to come here at a sunny santiago bernabeu . 30 mins : that 's game over . ronaldo makes it 2-0 . benzema makes a mess of a cross but the granada defence are all over the place . it comes out to james rodriguez who pulls off a great flick to gift ronaldo the ball and he finishes confidently . 25 mins : gareth bale breaks the deadlock and gives real madrid the lead ! the welshman is played in by a brilliant pass from toni kroos , he does well to round the goalkeeper and just keeps it in to finish off the move and give his side the lead . 22 mins : how has alvaro arbeloa not scored ? real 's full backs are both up in the opposition half and marcelo whips a dangerous cross into the penalty area from the right . arbeloa meets his tantalising ball but somehow his effort goes wide . on target and it was almost certain to be a goal . poor . 18 mins : real have been on top but it 's the opposition who come close here . it 's a great chance for granada as sergio ramos refuses to close down robert ibanez after a terrible throw from iker casillas but luckily for the real madrid pair , the granada man drags his shot inches wide . 16 mins : the pressure is on granada now , real have two corners in a row . taken by rodriguez and toni kroos but both set-pieces come to nothing . 13 mins : lovely stepover from cristiano ronaldo on the left-hand side of the box and he fires in a shot early that leaves the goalkeeper fooled . unluckily for him it hits the side netting . real madrid are finding their feet . 10 mins : big error by juan carlos , he misses a long ball over the top ahead of his goalkeeper and gareth bale is ready to pounce . the welshman unfortunately nips the ball over the bar between the two granada men but real are getting closer . 8 mins : excellent cross from james rodriguez , looking sharp despite just returning to the first team . it finds benzema at the back post and he slides in to finish but his shot is straight at the goalkeeper . real 's first chance . granada have every player inside their own half , gives you an impression of how this one is going to go ... 6 mins : granada manager abel resino must have been working hard on that high line this week , karim benzema is caught offside now , real struggling to find a way through in the opening minutes despite dominating possession . 4 mins : cristiano ronaldo has just been ruled offside as real madrid try to start an attack . the granada back four of foulquier , babin , mainz and carlos are playing a fairly high line so let 's wait and see if real can catch them out . here we go as real madrid look to take the lead at the top of la liga . granada get us going . not long until we kick off now , gareth bale , cristiano ronaldo and co are almost ready . granada are second-bottom of la liga so this game should represent a great opportunity for them to reel in barcelona before they play celta vigo later this evening . the andalusian side have lost three of their last five games but real 's form is similarly poor , matching their losses over the same period . marca 's front page yesterday spoke of how real want to win their last 10 games to take the la liga title . can they start on that road today ? granada go with 4-2-3-1 . pretty attacking team for a trip to the bernabeu . will their bravery pay off ? olazabal ; foulquier , babin , mainz , carlos ; rico , iturra ; ibanez , rochina , candeias ; el arabi . carlo ancelotti had confirmed that james rodriguez would be back in the real madrid side during his press conference on saturday , and his words ring true . the colombian playmaker starts in place of isco , who is suspended . alvaro arbeloa comes in for dani carvajal and raphael varane is in for the injured pepe . here 's the real madrid team for this morning 's game : casillas ; arbeloa , ramos , varane , marcelo ; modric , kroos ; bale , rodriguez , ronaldo ; benzema . cristiano ronaldo scored five , including a seven-minute hat-trick , as real madrid beat sorry granada 9-1 . gareth bale broke the deadlock and carlo ancelotti’s team were 4-0 up before half time as they put memories of their clasico defeat to barcelona a fortnight ago behind them . the huge gulf in class showed in the midday sunshine at the bernabeu right from minute 20 when bale bullied diego mainz off the ball and charged through on goal . he dribbled around flailing granada keeper oier olazabal before nudging the ball over the line for 1-0 .