the fbi have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe . police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused . the fbi confirmed it found images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused , which could have been taken ' in america or elsewhere . ' officials said one picture , which does not show any abuse taking place , features the unidentified man posing with her . they said they are trying to trace the man - referred to as john doe 29 - because they believe he may have ' critical information ' to help them identify the victim and her whereabouts to rescue her . investigators stressed the dark-haired man , believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45 , is not suspected of carrying out abuse . amanda strickland , special investigator at the fbi , said : ' we are trying to stop further continued abuse of this child . we believe that it is still ongoing . ' police said the child was seen in one of the photographs wearing blue and white nike velcro sneakers . they confirmed john doe 29 has a tan complexion and was pictured wearing a silver ring on his left hand ring fingers . other pictures appear to show a different hand with a ring on the right hand . initial images of the unidentified adult male , john doe 29 , shown with a child were first recorded by the national center for missing and exploited children in january of 2008 . the pictures have been recently re-enhanced to try and identify the mystery man . the fbi released the appeal , with images of john doe 29 , and distinguishing features in a bid to get information . he is being sought as part of the fbi’s operation rescue me and endangered child alert program ( ecap ) initiatives which aim to find abuse victims . the fbi has released a poster and blog appealing for any information about the man . people are asked to submit a tip online at tips.fbi.gov or call the fbi’s toll-free tip line at 1-800-call-fbi . investigators said a collection of photos were found showing the girl being abused , but in one which did not feature abuse john doe is seen posing with the girl , and there is a close up of his hand ( left ) . the fbi have placed the image of the unidentified man on the endangered child alert pages of its website ( right ) . investigators also released images of the girl 's white nike shoe ( left ) and the location of the photo ( right ) . 