an accomplice who was aged 16 when he held a knife to pamela smart 's husband 's throat before a friend shot him dead has been granted parole after 25 years . patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as his friend billy flynn , shot him in the head . flynn was pamela smart 's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . patrick randall ( pictured ) was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as billy flynn , who was pamela smart 's then-16-year-old lover , shot him in the head . dean smart , brother of gregory smart , speaks to patrick randall , left , with his attorney mark stevens during randall 's parole hearing on thursday . randall , 17 , testifies in rockingham county superior court in exeter , n.h in 1991 . flynn was paroled last month ; smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder . now 41 , randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after june 4 . smart was media coordinator at winnacunnet high school in hampton , where both boys were students , when she first seduced flynn in the months before her husband was killed . flynn testified that she told him she needed her husband killed because she feared she would lose everything if they divorced . pamela smart ( seen in 1991 ) was convicted of conspiring with her teen lover , william ' billy ' flynn , to kill her 24-year-old husband , gregory smart . smart is serving a life without parole sentence . in this 1991 file photo , flynn testifies on his 17th birthday how he shot gregory smart in the head . he said she threatened to break up with him if he did not kill gregg smart . on may 1 , 1990 , randall and flynn entered the smarts ' derry condominium and forced gregg smart to his knees in the foyer . as randall held a knife to the man 's throat , flynn fired a hollow-point bullet into his head . the trial was a media circus and one of the first high-profile cases about a sexual affair between a school staff member and student . it inspired the joyce maynard novel ' to die for , ' which in turn was made into a movie starring nicole kidman . murdered : smart 's husband , gregory smart ( seen on their wedding day ) , was shot in the head in may 1990 . randall and flynn pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and after plea bargains eventually got sentences of 28 years to life . in march 2009 , a judge knocked three years off randall 's sentence over the objection of prosecutors who noted that he was involved in a jailhouse assault 15 years before . the judge said randall 's record otherwise had been spotless and that he had shown extreme remorse . two other teenagers served prison sentences and have been released . pamela smart , who was 22 when her husband was killed , was convicted of being an accomplice to first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole . she has admitted seducing the boy but said she did n't plan her husband 's murder . she was moved to a women 's prison in new york state for unspecified security reasons . smart has consistently lobbied for her release , maintaining after flynn was granted parole that if the person who pulled the trigger could be freed , she deserves the same chance . the case inspired the 1995 movie ' to die for . ' in the film , nicole kidman plays a woman named suzanne stone , who becomes involved in a relationship with a teen , played by joaquin phoenix .