a 100-year-old new jersey man killed his 88-year-old wife with an ax while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife , according to authorities . michael and rosalia juskin had a ' history of domestic issues , ' according to bergen county prosecutor john l. molinelli . molinelli said a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on sunday night had not yet been determined . 100-year-old michael juskin allegedly killed his wife rosalia , 88 , with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on sunday night . visibly upset neighbors gathered in front of their bergen county , new jersey house on monday morning . prosecutor john l. molinelli said the couple had a ' history of domestic issues ' but that a motive had not yet been determined . a relative discovered the bodies on monday morning . a relative , who was not inside the home at the time of the killings , discovered the bodies monday morning and called police , according to authorities . michael juskin is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide , according to northjersey.com . neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the juskins ' home . dorota biskup , 42 , told northjersey.com that police had been to the couple 's house a few times in recent years . elmwood park police chief michael foligno confirmed biskup 's claim , but would not provide further details . biskup also claimed that michael juskin had mental problems and that the couple 's daughter had asked her mother to move home . ' the daughter was saying `` mom come to me because we know he’s not stable , ' '' biskup told cbs new york . a relative told northjersey.com that michael had been suffering from dementia and said he sometimes was n't lucid . neighbor carole lynch described rosalia as a ' very sweet lady ' and said michael was ' not well ' . lynch said rosalia had wanted to live in florida full-time , but her husband wanted to keep their new jersey home . one neighbor said police had been to the couple 's home a few times in recent years , a claim elmwood park police chief michael foligno confirmed . 