he may be a noted team man but xabi alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory as bayern munich prepare for the next phase of their bid for the champions league . victory this season with bayern , who face porto in the quarter-finals starting wednesday night at the dragao , would make alonso only the second player to win european football 's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at liverpool and real madrid . ' there is one player who has won three champions leagues with three different clubs : [ clarence ] seedorf . of course it is in my mind . the end of my career is near , ' alonso admitted to the telegraph . xabi alonso lines up for bayern munich on wednesday night against porto at the dragao stadium . the champions league first leg quarter-final is the next step in his quest to win the title with three clubs . ' i do n't have many years left but it is one of the targets . it is an individual target and it would be great to win the third one with a third club because the champions league is special , ' alonso said . alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005 . and last season he was part of carlo ancelotti 's side to take the title , even though his yellow cards throughout the tournament meant he was forced to be a pundit rather than a player for the final win over atletico madrid . alonso trains under the watchful eye of manager pep guardiola who is keen to add to his barcelona victories . seedorf won the title a total of four times in his illustrious career - in 1995 with ajax , 1998 with real madrid and twice with ac milan , in 2003 and 2007 . at 33 and with a club as strong as bayern on a two-year deal under pep guardiola , alonso could even attempt to match seedorf 's total achievement . but first his side must overcome porto , who are the only unbeaten side in the competition this year . and they will have to do it for the first leg at least with a host of stars including arjen robben , franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger , along with david alaba , medhi benatia , javi martínez and tom starke . alonso celebrates winning europe 's top club prize in his first season with liverpool in 2005 . alonso ( on the ground ) scored the equaliser for 3-3 against ac milan before liverpool won 3-2 on penalties . alonso celebrates after real madrid won the final with him suspended due to too many yellow cards . clarence seedorf ( centre ) won four champions league with three clubs , including two with ac milan .