spain 's queen letizia was back to the day job today , following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows . joined by handsome husband king felipe , 47 , the elegant royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real for a lunch in his honour . today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen , who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author . scroll down for video . warm welcome : king felipe and queen letizia welcome juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid . joking around : the royal couple were all smiles as they emerged from the private rooms to greet their guests . sharp cut : the spanish royal accentuated her new bob with a pair of links of london earrings . although surprised , letizia , who was wearing a £49.99 mango jumpsuit that showed off her slender frame , swiftly recovered her poise and went on to join pedro manas for a set of group photos . the moment came during an awards ceremony for children 's authors in madrid , where the 42-year-old made a speech before presenting mr manas ' award . after accepting his prestigious barco de vapor award from the royal , mr manas leaned over and planted a big kiss on letizia 's cheek . letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in just two days , having spent monday night handing out prizes at the woman awards . gallant : one gentlemanly guest planted a gallant kiss on the back of queen letizia 's hand . well done : the 42-year-old presents author pedro manas with his prize during the ceremony . pucker up ! a delighted mr manas then planted a big kiss on queen letizia 's cheek . speech ! as with monday night 's awards show , the royal was called upon to make a speech . and she 's off : queen letizia makes her exit after the presentation ceremony and speech . on that occasion , the recipient was a crimson-clad salma hayek , 48 , who received the award for her extensive charitable work and championing of women 's rights . although last night 's occasion was lacking in hollywood stars , a glamorous letizia more than made up for it in her stunning high street jumpsuit , cinched in at the waist with a wide gold belt . the ensemble , which showed off her slender frame , was completed with a pair of matching gold sandals and a huge pair of gold chandelier earrings . she also showed off her sharp new bob haircut , which made its public début during monday night 's woman awards . busy schedule : spain 's queen letizia was attending her second awards show in two days last night . glamorous : letizia showed off her slender shape in a midnight blue jumpsuit cinched in with a gold belt . good look : the spanish royal also showed off her striking new bob haircut . chic : all of letizia 's accessories were gold , including her belt , shoes and chandelier earrings . the royal , who spent much of last week in copenhagen where she took part in queen margrethe ii 's birthday celebrations , has long been known for her charity work and last night 's youth and children 's literature awards was no exception . along with children 's and cultural causes , letizia 's work also focuses on health and malnutrition and she was among the speakers at a un world food programme conference in rome last autumn . letizia , who has also championed the spanish red cross , has devoted much time to helping to highlight the plight of people suffering from rare illnesses . to that end , the former journalist last week delivered a speech at the cosmocaixa science museum during the opening day of the second congress of uncommon diseases . recently returned : queen letizia spent last week in copenhagen with her husband , king felipe . glitzy : monday night was spent at another awards ceremony , this time the woman awards . sequinned : on that occasion , letizia opted for a gorgeous sequinned cocktail dress . hollywood heavy hitter : she presented mexican actress salma hayek , 48 , with her award . 