the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man fleeing from a police officer has stirred outrage around the nation , but people in this south carolina city are n't surprised . they call it inevitable in a police department they believe focuses on petty crimes and fails to keep its officers in check . there is almost nothing in michael thomas slager 's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . people in the community he served say this reflects what 's going wrong with policing today : officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain . scroll down for video . residents of the charleston , south carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police . above , a friend of scott 's at a memorial . the officer who shot scott , michael slager , had little in his file to suggest excessive force . above , two men pray at the memorial . ' we 've had through the years numerous similar complaints , and they all seem to be taken lightly and dismissed without any obvious investigation , ' the rev . joseph darby , vice president of the charleston branch of the national association for the advancement of colored people , said thursday . the mostly black neighborhood in north charleston where slager fired eight shots at the back of walter lamer scott on saturday is far from unique in this regard , said melvin tucker , a former fbi agent and police chief in four southern cities who often testifies in police misconduct cases . nationwide , training that pushes pre-emptive action , military experience that creates a warzone mindset , and legal system favoring police in misconduct cases all lead to scenarios where officers see the people they serve as enemies , he said . ' it 's not just training . it 's not just unreasonable fear . it 's not just the warrior mentality . it 's not just court decisions that almost encourage the use of it . it is not just race , ' tucker said . ' it is all of that . ' both slager , 33 , and scott , 55 , were us coast guard veteran . slager had the dismissed excessive force complaint and scott had been jailed repeatedly for failing to pay child support , but neither man had a record of violence . video captured by a bystander to the shooting showed slager fire eight shots at the back of scott as he ran away . original statements from slager said that he felt threatened by scott , though video released appears to contradict the police account of the incident . a dash cam video from police shows scott running away from his car during a traffic stop for a broken tail light . slager consistently earned positive reviews in his five years with the north charleston police . his new attorney , andy savage , said thursday that he 's conducting his own investigation , and that it 's ' far too early for us to be saying what we think . ' slager 's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force , but swiftly dropped him after the dead man 's family released a bystander 's video of the shooting . the officer , whose wife is eight months pregnant , is being held without bond pending an august 21 hearing on a charge of murder that could put him in prison for 30 years to life if convicted . a steady crowd left flowers , stuffed animals , notes and protest signs thursday in the empty lot where scott was gunned down . many said police in south carolina 's third-largest city routinely dismiss complaints of petty brutality and harassment , even when eyewitnesses can attest to police misbehavior . scott ( left ) and slager ( right ) were both coast guard veterans . slager is being held without bond on a murder charge .  police version . police officer michael slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with walter scott began at around 9.30am on saturday . he said he pulled scott 's mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . he said scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts slager . the officer then tried to use his taser to subdue scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . according to police reports , slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop scott . at that point , the officer fired at scott several times because he ' felt threatened , ' slager 's statement said . he added that his actions were in line with procedure . police then said slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ' shots fired and the subject is down . he took my taser . ' his department said the officers then performed cpr and delivered first aid to the victim . what the video shows . slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting scott in the back . the footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser . wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body . as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body . footage then appears to show slager jogging back to the point where the taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . it is only after two-and-a-half minutes that slager is seen placing his hand on scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . a black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . they are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . the result , they say , is that officers are regarded with a mixture of distrust and fear . slager 's file includes a single excessive use-of-force complaint , from 2013 : a man said slager used his stun gun against him without reason . but slager was exonerated and the case closed , even though witnesses told the associated press that investigators never followed up with them . ' it 's almost impossible to get an agency to do an impartial internal affairs investigation , ' tucker said/ . ' first of all the investigators doing it are co-workers of the person being investigated . number two , there 's always the tendency on the part of the departments to believe the officers . ' mario givens , the man who accused slager of excessive force in 2013 , told the ap that slager woke him before dawn by loudly banging on his front door , and saying ' come outside or i 'll tase you ! ' ' i did n't want that to happen to me , so i raised my arms over my head , and when i did , he tased me in my stomach anyway , ' givens said . mario givens ( pictured ) filed an excessive force complaint against slager in 2013 , but he was not interviewed and no witnesses were questioned . ' they never told me how they reached the conclusion . never . they never contacted anyone from that night . no one from the neighborhood . ' givens said he 's convinced scott 's death could have been prevented if slager had been disciplined in his case . ' if they had just listened to me and investigated what happened that night , this man might be alive today , ' he said . darby also wonders if saturday 's fatal shooting might have turned out differently had the department thoroughly investigated the 2013 taser complaint . ' i think he would have been rebuked instead of fired , ' darby said . ' but maybe it changes the way he sees things . ' darby and other civil rights leaders want north charleston to create an independent citizens review board to review complaints against police , since ' law enforcement is going to almost always give itself the benefit of the doubt . ' such boards are few and far between in south carolina . north charleston police spokesman spencer pryor said wednesday that the department now plans to review givens ' complaint , although he would n't say what difference that could make now .  