hire : ruba khandaqji ( here ) was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov . rick scott . a florida pharmacist was arrested wednesday for calling 911 and telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman to kill governor rick scott . ruba khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence . khandaqji called the osceola county sheriff’s office on monday telling the dispatcher to ' shut up and listen ' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and ' kill whomever i can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to jordan . ' ... your trash governor is torturing me here . i 'm forced to live here , ' the 36-year-old is heard saying in a recording of the 911 call released by the sheriff 's office thursday . ' i hope that this call is recorded . pass this to your governor . tell him she is hiring a hitman ... okay ? got the message ? great . ' investigators said khandaqji repeated her threat to osceola county deputies tuesday , bay news reports . when florida department of law enforcement agents spoke with khandaqji at her home in celebration on tuesday , the pharmacist told them she did not have to abide by u.s. laws because she was being held against her will by the government , the orlando sentinel reports . law enforcement officials told the sentinel that khandaqji told deputies she planned to kill gov . rick scott , which prompted her arrest . scroll down for video . hitman : khandaqji ( photographed ) called the osceola county sheriff’s office on monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman and ' kill whomever i can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to jordan . the incident is not the first time khandaqji drew the attention of the fdle . authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities ' attention four times in the last three months . on march 5 , u.s. capitol police notified fdle agents that she was in washington d.c. attempting to meet with department of state members to ' demand her deportation , ' the sentinel reports . one month earlier , agents spoke with khandaqji after she sent , what they called , ' alarming comments ' to scott on a state website . alarming : authorities spoke with khandaqji in february after she sent , what they called , ' alarming comments ' to scott on a state website . she reportedly wrote : ' i ( sic ) suggests that you keep florida safe ... so you should start a ( sic ) deporation procedure for me to my homeland tonight . ( sic ) got it . ' in both incidents , agents decided she was not a threat . khandaqji is being held at the osceola county jail on $ 5,000 bail . 