the french state railway company on monday demanded police action against ' irresponsible ' paris-roubaix cycle race riders who breached a safety barrier seconds before a high speed train hurtled by . the sncf company made an official complaint to french prosecutors saying the action in sunday 's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy . the last of the riders went through the barrier in northern france about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the waller crossing , 87 kilometers ( 54 miles ) from the end of the so called ' hell of the north ' race . sncf have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached . sncf slammed the riders for an ' extremely grave an irresponsible action ' . one rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down , as the racers hurry through with the train near . another cyclist made his way over the track after police tried to stop anymore competitors getting across . a number of riders wait safely for the train to pass through while others risked crossing . the train hurtled through at high speed shortly after a group of riders went through the barrier . one rider from the belgian lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down . john degenkolb , winner of the race famed for its 26 sections of bone-jarring cobbled roads , was among the group who went through the barrier as it closed . race organisers said it had not been possible for the leaders to stop in time . ' several riders deliberately , and against all safety rules , crossed a closed safety barrier , ' said a sncf statement announcing the complaint to french prosecutors . ' millions of television viewers saw live this extremely grave and irresponsible action which could have been tragic , ' the company added . ' a few seconds later , a tgv ran on this line and could have hit the peloton . ' when the last rider had gone through the crossing , a police motorcycle was in place to stop more riders going through . the riders are held at a level crossing in the paris-roubaix race as a train approaches . a number of cyclists breached the barrier to cross the track before the train sped through . the last cyclist appeared to cross the track around eight seconds before the train went through . normally riders who go through a closed safety crossing are disqualified . but guy dobbelaere , president of the jury of race commissioners , defended the action of the riders on sunday . ' it was n't possible for the leading riders to stop sufficiently safely , ' said dobbelaere . ' the peloton was 10 metres away when the barrier started to close . ' race director thierry gouvenou added : ' by neutralising the race for a few moments to not penalise those who stopped , we respected the spirit of the rule . ' in theory , those who pass when the barrier is down are thrown out of the race . ' this time , that would have been unjust in respect of those riders who were n't identified , ' said gouvenou . german john degenkolb won the race and was one of the riders who went through the closed barrier . degenkolb celebrates his win alongside zdenek stybar ( left ) and greg van avermaet ( right ) . race officials slowed the leading riders so that those held up by the barrier could catch up . in 2006 , three riders were disqualified for going through a closed railway crossing . the three - leif hoste and peter van petegem of belgium and russian vladimir guseve - were less than 10 kilometers ( six miles ) from the finish and had been disputing top places . 