an indiana woman who police say duped a new mother into believing she was a child-welfare worker so she could stab the mom and steal her baby to pass off as her own was charged monday . madison county prosecutors filed paperwork in circuit court charging geraldine jones , 36 , with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming , 23 , of anderson . police sgt chad boynton said monday afternoon police had not yet been in contact with jones , of gary , who police say is being treated in texas for depression . scroll down for video . geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement . samantha fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 . police believe fleming , 23 , was lured from her home by jones and the new mother brought serenity with her . authorities in texas have taken precautions to make sure jones ca n't leave the hospital and indiana police are hoping to begin extradition proceedings , fox 59 reported . sgt boynton said : ' we are making preparations to initiate conversation just as soon as possible . ' fleming was living with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her three-week-old baby serenity on april 5 . police investigating fleming 's disappearance on friday found her body in jones ' home in gary , about 165 miles northwest of anderson . she had been stabbed , wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach . when police arrived , fleming 's daughter was being held by jones ' sister , who told police she had been caring for her sister 's child while her sister was in texas . police determined the child was fleming 's and the baby was returned to relatives in indianapolis . authorities say they believe jones got fleming to travel to northwest indiana by telling her she worked for the indiana department of child services and she needed to attend a hearing . serenity was being held by jones ' sister , who told police she had been caring for her sister 's young child . a woman called fleming 's mother before she disappeared saying she was with dcs and wanted information . indiana state personnel department spokeswoman ashley emsweller hungate said no one named geraldine jones or with the name of her sister has ever worked for dcs . police believe jones may have faked being pregnant , telling family she was expecting twins . boynton said police do n't know how the woman was able to convince fleming she worked for dcs , but he said fleming did have previous contact with dcs . he said : ' so therefore the ploy that the suspect used to get her to leave anderson and head to lake county may have been more believable in her mind . ' police say a woman called fleming 's mother before she disappeared and said she was with dcs and was seeking information about fleming and her daughter . the body of fleming was found stabbed , doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic inside this home in gary . authorities said the woman provided legitimate names of dcs employees and implied she was familiar with fleming 's case history . dcs spokesman james wide said he could n't comment on whether fleming had a dcs case because of privacy laws . wide said dcs is leaving the investigation into how the woman may have tricked fleming into thinking she worked for dcs up to police . ' there 's nothing internally being initiated from it , but we definitely will comply with law enforcement and help them where we can , ' he said .