the world 's oldest person has died a few weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday - after saying her life seemed ' rather short ' . misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1 . born on march 5 , 1898 , the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers . the world 's oldest person , misao okawa of japan , died on april 1 aged 117 . the great-grandmother had only celebrated her most recent birthday on march 5 , where she said she thought her life had been ' rather short ' . at her 117th birthday party last month okawa said that her life had seemed ' rather short . ' when asked the secret to long life , she said : ' i wonder about that too . ' okawa was born in osaka , west japan , the fourth daughter of a kimono maker . she marred her husband , yukio , in 1919 , and they had two daughters and a son . he died in 1931 . the 'super-centenarian ' , who was only fifth person ever recorded to have reached the age of 117 , but was still walking until she was 110 . she was recognised as the world 's oldest person by the guinness world records in 2013 . misao okawa was visited by the ward mayor takehiro ogura for her birthday part at a nursing home in osaka , western japan . she died of heart failure , with an official at her nursing home saying ' she went so peacefully ' . misao okawa , the 117-year-old who died on april 1 , lived through the entire 20th century . during her lifetime : - two world wars took place - and the atomic bomb was dropped on her home nation , japan . - the television and internet were invented . - the wright brothers carried out the first ever powered flight of an aeroplane . - albert einstein announced his theory of relativity , and ernest rutherford split the atom . - space travel was invented . - there has been 23 different british prime ministers and 21 us presidents . until 10 days ago nursing staff said she was eating well , enjoying her daily cup of coffee and her favourite dishes , including ramen . tomohiro okada , an official at the nursing home , praised her for achieving such a long and healthy life . ' she went so peacefully , as if she had just fallen asleep ' , okada said . ' we will miss her a lot . ' gertrude weaver , aged 116 , is now the world 's oldest person , according to los angeles-based geronotology research group , the american , who lives in arkansas , was born on july 4 , 1898 . in an interview with time magazine in 2014 , when she was named america 's oldest woman , she said the secret to long life is kindness . ' treat people right and be nice to other people the way you want them to be nice to you ' , she said . the new oldest person in the world , american gertrude weaver , is aged 116 and lives in arkansas . speaking in 2014 , she said the secret to long life is kindness , saying : ' treat people nice and be nice to other people ' . the guinness world records announced okawa was the oldest person in the world in 2003 . until 10 days ago nursing staff sad she had a normal appetite and enjoyed a daily cup of coffee and ramen noodles . ' the lord blessed me , i think , because i’m good to my family and good to my children and grandchildren . and i feed them . ' japan 's oldest person is now a 115-year-old tokyo woman , according to the ministry of health , labor and welfare . the name of the woman , who was born march 15 , 1900 , was not released at the request of her family , the ministry said . japan has the most centenarians in the world , with more than 58,000 , according to the government . about 87 percent of them are women . tomohiro okada , an official at the nursing home , praised okawa for achieving such a long and healthy life . with her when she died , he said : ' she went so peacefully , as if she had just fallen asleep ' .