michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director . all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game . sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket . alec stewart ( age 52 ) . current job : director of cricket at surrey . show us your medals : played 133 tests , more than any england cricketer . players he likes : has established a rapport at surrey with the out-of-favour kevin pietersen — says english cricket needs to be bold . reason it might happen : stewart has added his name to the ring of potential candidates , and knows the job of director of cricket inside out . reason it might not : he’s only interested if there’s a clear line of accountability . may demand a say in selection . alec stewart during surrey 's media day at the oval ahead of the new county cricket season . stewart is hoisted into the air on his team-mate 's shoulders after beating south africa at the oval in 2003 . andrew strauss ( age 38 ) . current job : sky commentator . show us your medals : captained england to home-and-away ashes triumphs . players he likes : a big fan of his former opening partner alastair cook , who he insists will score plenty of test runs this summer . reason it might happen : widely respected within english cricket for taking the team to the top of the test rankings . reason it might not : strauss is still in the early days of his career as a commentator – and is enjoying it . andrew strauss captained england to ashes triumphs both home and away and now works for sky sports . strauss in action for england at the 2011 cricket world cup against india in bangalore . michael vaughan ( age 40 ) . current job : broadcaster and columnist . show us your medals : famously led england to the 2005 ashes — and 26 test wins overall , a national record . players he likes : joe root is a particular favourite — he is next in line to replace alastair cook as test captain . reason it might happen : vaughan is interested in the job in principle , and is close to incoming ecb chairman colin graves . reason it might not : he may decide he’s enjoying his media career too much to risk entering firing line . michael vaughan led england to the famous 2005 ashes win and 26 test match victories in all . vaughan now works in the media as an analyst for bbc test match special and channel 5 among others .