a little girl with down syndrome is every bit a princess when visiting disney world and modeling the beautiful dresses her mother sews for her . jacksonville , florida photographer kristina bewly took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september and they have been returning every month since . each time the family visits , giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother kristina . scroll down for video . she 's a princess ! : florida mom kristina bewley started taking her daughter giselle to disney world in september 2014 and they 've been visiting the park monthly ever since . dream come true : giselle looks every bit a princess in this cinderella dress her mother bought for her . butterflies : giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time . like mother like daughter : both giselle and her mother kristina love visiting disney world together . kristina , who works with special needs kids , takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits . ' it 's become kind of an addiction . since we live so close , we base our visits off one or two outfits , ‘ kristina told today . kristina is so inspired by her daughter that she started a facebook page called giselle 's garden that features her 4-year-old princess in her whimsical attire . kristina told today that her photos have been extremely well received . ' i 'm not trying to be biased , but i think my daughter is beautiful . i think she 's as beautiful as any other 4-year-old . i just want her to be treated the same way . she could be a model in her photos , ' she said . kristina first learned to sew when giselle started playing dress up in store bought clothing and did n't like wearing the itchy tulle material . spreading her wings : dressing up in costumes and visiting the park has given giselle more confidence . all smiles : giselle was once very quiet but after her many visits to disney world and becoming comfortable with the spotlight she smiles at people and even gives them a high five . little angel : kristina loves her daughter and captures her angelic beauty in her joyful photographs . out of the box : visiting disney world keeps giselle 's life full or surprises and teaches her to think outside of the box and try new things . new friends : giselle 's favorite part of her disney world visit is meeting her favorite characters . kristina makes outfits for her daughter that are focused on comfort and a little bit of magic . so far giselle has played many princess roles including those of princess jasmine , cinderella and tinkerbell . she also liked playing boy characters such as mike wazowski from monster 's inc. and the little boy from up . when giselle and kristina visit the theme park they do n't go to all the attractions , instead they feed ducks and visit some disney characters . kristina said that disney world has helped her daughter feel more comfortable around other people and act less shy . giselle once never said a word but now she waves to people and even high fives them . new fashions : kristina said she first started sewing for her daughter when giselle started playing dress-up and could n't tolerate the scratchy tulle textures . magic everywhere : giselle captures heartwarming and truly magical moments with her daughter giselle . like a model : kristina says that he daughter looks like a real model in the photos she takes of her and that her beautiful soul shines through in each photo . ' she just blossomed . i do n't have any other words to describe it — she is a flower and she just burst into blooming when we got there , ' kristina told the huffington post . ' it was insane . and now we 're obsessed with going because that 's when we get to see her at her best . ' kristina says that she learns from her own daughter every day and that she is now able to help other families who have children with special needs . ' i love that i can offer sessions to families with special needs who may be afraid to take their kids to a photographer who would n't be used to working with children like that , ' she said . kristina values her daughter 's unique beauty , happiness , and disney princess spirit . ' this has been a very fun learning experience for us . she 's definitely taught us to slow down and savor every moment , and really look into finding the beauty in things , ' she said . ' i 'm just trying to make sure i capture her doing all this stuff when she 's young , and we do n't have too many worries going on and we 're all just having a good time . there 's really not any philosophical reason , other than i thought it would all be pretty . ' not afraid : giselle jumps at the opportunity to make new friends at her favorite theme park in the world . all dressed up : giselle is n't the only one who likes to dress up and go to disney world . disney girl : giselle loves all things disney and visits the nearby theme park at least once a month . frozen magic : giselle has a whole future ahead of her and it seems as though those moments may be filled with magic and eternal disney fun . bye for now ! : giselle and her family will continue to visit the park and document their daughter 's childhood with lovely snapshots of her enjoying life . 