this is one ‘library’ where visitors don’t have to speak in hushed tones or risk the wrath of a shushing librarian . with more than 6,000 books at their fingertips , new york city’s luxurious library hotel is every bibliophile’s dream . the boutique hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system , with each floor dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories . more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city 's library hotel . each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . guests who do n't get their fill of book in their rooms can find plenty more options in a dedicated reading room . published by melvil dewey in 1876 , the dewey decimal system is the standardised library classification system which sorts books into the following 10 categories ; social sciences , literature , languages , history , math and science , general knowledge , technology , philosophy , the arts and religion . it may seem like an unusual theme , but the library hotel has gone all in with its tribute to the american librarian . located at madison avenue and 41st street , just steps from the new york public library and grand central terminal , every one of the hotel’s 60 rooms contains up to 150 books related to genres or topics including erotic literature , economics , middle eastern language , computers and native american religion . guests on the fifth floor , for example , can stay in rooms devoted to maths and science , with individual themes of astronomy , dinosaurs , botany , zoology , geology and mathematics . the library hotel is located at madison avenue and 41st street in manhattan , just steps from the new york public library . rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science , with rooms themed on topics such as astronomy , dinosaurs and botany . the 11th floor – modelled around philosophy – has rooms related to love , paranormal , psychology , philosophy , ethics and logic . guests who can’t get enough of the books inside their rooms can find more options at the front desk , in the restaurant and in a dedicated reading room . the hotel also boasts a rooftop bar known as the writer’s den & poetry garden , which becomes the bookmarks lounge at night and serves literary-themed cocktails . a spokesperson for the hotel said : ‘ the hotel is a bookworm 's paradise . the hotel boasts a rooftop bar known as the writer’s den & poetry garden , which serves literary-themed cocktails . the dewey decimal system is the standardised system which sorts books into 10 categories , including social sciences and literature . the hotel 's reading room offers dozens of books , and each guest room contains up to 150 titles related to specific genres or topics . ‘ each one of our rooms offers a personalised literary experience . ‘ whether you enjoy reading about zoology or slavic languages , we 've got it covered . ‘ when the building was purchased , the idea was to offer something different . ‘ being so close to the library – one of new york 's most loved landmarks – was the inspiration for that . ’ a spokesperson for the library hotel said its location , just steps from the new york public library , served as another inspiration .