zoe gregory ( pictured ) pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up the school where she worked . a schoolgirl was branded ‘ holly bin laden’ by other pupils after a teaching assistant framed her for a bomb hoax , a court heard yesterday . holly littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after zoe gregory , 26 , hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school . she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates . the teenager told the court how after she was arrested she was ‘ crying and distressed’ and struggled to sleep in the cell surrounded by ‘ people on drugs or drunk’ . even after she was released on bail , she remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks until checks revealed gregory was responsible . another pupil , vicky francis , 15 , was also arrested after police were told she had access to holly’s email account . gregory , a married mother-of-two who said she was suffering from depression at the time of the offence and could not face work , is now likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information . magistrate jeanne heal said the case was being referred to the crown court for sentencing , telling the defendant : ‘ what makes this a worse offence than you might imagine is that two young girls were in custody for more than ten hours and were interviewed by police . ‘ they were also on bail and during that time they must have been under stress . you deserve a greater punishment than we can give . ’ speaking afterwards , holly’s mother lesley , 43 , said : ‘ we are pleased she has admitted it . ‘ the girls have been through a horrible time at school and hopefully now their classmates will realise the truth . ’ vicky added : ‘ i feel sorry for her children because they didn’t know what was going on but i think she should go to jail . ’ pupils vicky francis ( pictured left ) and holly littlefield ( right ) outside norwich magistrates ' court . the pair were arrested and held by police following the bomb threat sent from miss littlefield 's account . bomb threat : ormiston victory academy in costessey near norwich ( pictured ) where the scare took place . the girls’ ordeal began on february 9 , when police officers arrived at ormiston victory academy in costessey , near norwich , to arrest them . both were fingerprinted , had dna samples taken and had to pose for mugshots before they interviewed . they denied any knowledge of the bomb scare and were released on police bail early the following day . holly’s home was also searched and police seized the family’s computer and three iphones . prosecutor lisa britton told norwich magistrates : ‘ holly was asked lots of questions about the email . she said in a statement she didn’t know what was going on . ’ vicky had also been left ‘ scared and crying’ by the experience and suffered taunts at school , she added . officers had acted after gregory told the vice principal she had found an email in her inbox which warned : ‘ there will be a bomb in school on monday . ’ gregory ( pictured second from left ) arriving at norwich magistrates ' court . chris brown , mitigating , said she had been suffering from post-natal depression and acted out of ' sheer desperation ' when she sent the email . facing jail : gregory has been warned she could face up to seven years in prison due to the seriousness of the offence . an ormiston academies trust spokesman said the 29-year-old had been dismissed from her job . in fact , she had overheard holly’s email password and used it to access the schoolgirl’s account . it was only later that police discovered the ip address of the hoax email originated from a computer at the home of gregory’s father . holly said outside court : ‘ i was treated like a criminal . one officer asked me , “ do you regret what you have done ? ” and i said “ i haven’t done anything '' . ‘ during my interview they told me that if it had been a joke i should just tell them . i even thought about admitting it just so i could leave , but i could not do that as i had not done anything . ‘ it quickly got right round the school that i had been arrested . when they found out it was because of a bomb hoax , people were running up to me and saying “ have you got a bomb ? ” ‘ i was even being called “ holly bin laden” . it was so upsetting because i have never been in trouble with the police before . ’ holly littlefield with her mum lesley . pupils dubbed miss littlefield ' holly bin laden ' following the incident . chris brown , defending , said his client came up with the ‘ill-conceived and unsophisticated’ hoax while suffering postnatal depression after the birth of her second child . he asked the magistrates to show her mercy and give her a suspended sentence for the ‘ dreadful error of judgment’ . but they decided to send the case to norwich crown court where the maximum sentence she could receive is seven years . a school spokesman said : ‘ the staff member involved has been dismissed and we are doing everything we can to support the students involved . we will not tolerate any action which disrupts the education of students at our school . ’ gregory declined to comment after the hearing .