adi viveash 's chelsea u19s side stormed into the uefa youth league final following a 4-0 mauling of roma in the semis . after a tense and goalless first-half , midfielder charlie colckett 's deflected shot gave chelsea the lead . striker dominic solanke then scored a brace , before substitute tammy abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes . chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk 's u19s team in the final . chelsea striker dominic solanke celebrates scoring his side 's second goal against roma on friday . chelsea 's ruben loftus-cheek ( right ) and roma 's jose machin ( left ) battle for the ball on monday . chelsea 's isaiah brown ( left ) tussle for the ball with roma 's silvio anocic ( right ) in the box . roma had initially defended strongly , but capitulated after the break . chelsea made two changes from the side that started the quarter-final victory over atletico madrid last month , with ruben loftus-cheek and charly musonda coming into the line-up . andreas christensen , who started in midfield against atletico , was paired with jake clarke-salter at centre-back , while ola aina and jay dasilva occupied the full-back positions . loftus-cheek was partnered in midfield by colkett and musonda , with the latter operating in the hole behind the front-three of solanke , jeremie boga and captain izzy brown . chelsea 's charlie musonda ( right ) controls the ball ahead roma 's oncoming christian d'urso ( left ) . chelsea 's ola aina ( right ) dribbles with the ball ahead of roma 's jose machin ( centre ) . roma 's daniele verde ( left ) shields the ball away from chelsea defender jay dasilva ( right ) . brown ( left ) charges forward to collect the ball ahead of roma's silvio anocic ( right ) . chelsea were rewarded for their persistence in the second-half with two goals inside four minutes of the restart . the first came at the end of a driving run from brown , which saw the ball bounce kindly into the path of colkett for him to wrong-foot the goalkeeper with an awkward shot . a second goal followed from christensen 's excellent long ball forward , met by the run of solanke who rounded the rushing keeper to fire into an empty net . after boga had an attempt spilled by the keeper , solanke was on hand to poach his second and chelsea 's third . solanke has now netted 11 goals in this year 's youth league and is the competition 's leading scorer . the rout was completed when abraham , on from the bench , converted kasey palmer 's cross . roma 's toni sanabria ( right ) prepares to take on chelsea's ola aina ( left ) in the uefa youth league match . 