robin van persie and jonny evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as manchester united’s under 21 side drew 1-1 at leicester , although rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off . dutch forward van persie has been out of action since february with an ankle injury after leaving swansea on crutches . but he was up and running again in the east midlands , helping set up united’s goal for sean goss although his overall performance was rusty to say the least and he was replaced just after the hour . defender evans has been out for six games due to suspension following his spitting incident with papiss cisse at newcastle back in march . manchester united goalscorer sean goss ( centre left ) is congratulated by james wilson ( left ) and robin van persie ( centre right ) . goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past leicester 's defence before scoring past the helpless adam smith . harry panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by leicester playmaker anthony knockaert . leicester forward panayiotou runs off in celebration after finding a way past manchester united reserve goalkeeper joel castro pereira . manchester united right back rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury during the reserve match . leicester city ( 4-5-1 ) : smith ; sesay , davis , moore chilwell ; knockaert , mccourt , barmby ( rowley 75 ) , hammond ( stankevicius 68 ) , dodoo ; panayiotou . subs not used : o'hara , fletcher . goal : goss 32 . manchester united ( 4-5-1 ) : j pereira ; rafael ( grimshaw 44 ) , evans , blackett , kellett ; wilson , thorpe , love , goss , januzaj ( harrop 54 ) ; van persie ( weir 62 ) . subs not used : miles , maddison , scott . goal : panayiotou 18 . referee : simon barrow . and despite his frustrating absence , evans looked solid enough in a 90 minute appearance where he went close from a set piece before the break . however he will feel he should have denied harry panayiotou the opener for leicester . van persie and evans along with rafael and tyler blackett were all in the united side that lost 5-3 to leicester at the king power stadium back in september and keen to banish the memories of one of their lowest points of the season . united could have taken an early lead with james wilson seeing a shot deflect wide from andy kellet’s cross . however it was leicester who took the lead in the 19th minute , anthony knockaert’s tricks out wide enabled him to cross for panayiotou , the highly-rated st kitts and nevis international , who powered home . it would be harsh to blame evans for the goal but panayiotou was his man and he will feel he should have done better . in response united went close through januzaj who shot wide from distance while joel pereira had to do well to push leicester midfielder jak mccourt’s effort around the post . the visitors started to press with adam smith’s save keeping out a wilson effort . van persie , who was an unused sub at chelsea on saturday , had been virtually anonymous in the opening half an hour with few touches of the ball . but he played his part in the leveller laying the ball off for sean goss who burst through the leicester defence and finished well on 32 minutes . louis van gaal was hit by another injury when rafael was forced off just before the break with an apparent rib injury after an aerial collision with knockaert . rafael looks in pain as leicester 's knockaert checks on the brazilian defender during the first half of the draw at the king power stadium . rafael had to be replaced by liam grimshaw shortly before the half-time interval despite managing to get back onto his feet . manchester united winger adnan januzaj was also taken off with an injury during the reserve encounter at leicester 's king power stadium . van persie finally got his opportunity in first half stoppage time but his effort from outside the area was well saved by smith . and from the resulting januzaj corner , smith made an even better stop to push evans’ header over the bar . rafael’s replacement liam grimshaw saw a shot deflect wide at the start of the second half before van persie’s next involvement was a lay-off that was intercepted by dean hammond in the area before it reached its intended target . a frustrating evening of injuries for united continued when januzaj went off with what appeared to be a leg injury following another seemingly innocuous aerial collision with knockaert . van persie was substituted on 62 minutes , going off to warm applause from all present at the king power stadium which had one side opened . it may not have been the goalscoring return he wanted , and indeed he looked fairly quiet , but it was the game time under his belt that he needed as he looks to score the goals that would seal a champions league spot for van gaal’s side . you would still suspect a start at everton on sunday would be far too early for van persie – but maybe not for evans . the northern ireland international still had work to do late in the game as he marshalled a defence that came up against knockaert , keen to force his way back into nigel pearson’s plans , who twice went close to finding the net . a ball across the box from panayiotou also caused one or two alarms for the united back four but evans can generally be pleased with his evening’s work . wilson could have won it for the visitors late in the game but dragged a left-footed effort wide under pressure from joe davis . and he went in even closer deep into stoppage time as his effort was kept out by smith from kellet’s cross from the left . januzaj awaits treatment from manchester united 's medical staff before going off injured during the under 21 encounter . manchester united first team striker van persie ( centre ) was named in a strong under 21 side as he aimed to work on his fitness . van persie , pictured before the under 21 clash at the king power stadium , was an unused substitute during united 's defeat by chelsea . manchester united forward van persie played 62 minutes before being replaced by reserve team midfielder james weir . manchester united defender tyler blackett , who came on for the last 10 minutes against chelsea , also made an appearance . tom thorpe captained united despite the presence of first team stars van persie , rafael , blackett , januzaj and jonny evans . manchester united centre back evans will be hoping to be involved against everton after serving a six-match ban for spitting . the manchester united ace and dutch international warms up ahead of the under 21 match against leicester city on monday night . leicester under 21 boss steve beaglehole watches on as his side face a strong manchester united side including van persie and januzaj .