amanda knox may have finally cleared her name , but eight years of legal battles have left the seattle native penniless , exhausted and traumatized from stress , claims her biographer . ' in prison , she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a really terrible experience , ' says trial by jury author , douglas preston . ' i think it has really affected her , it 's really hard to lead a normal life after that . ' scroll down for video . strain and relief : amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 . three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of british student , meredith kercher , preston told radaronline that knox is living out a bittersweet victory . ' she went to italy as a normal 20-year-old , west coast girl , a soccer player , rock climber , very naïve , ' says preston about knox 's ill-fated adventure to perugia . ' so many terrible things happened to her in italy , so many lies were said , and the online savagery directed at her , i 've never seen anything like it . ' so affected has knox been by her struggle to be exonerated by the italian courts , that preston hinted to radaronline that she is suffering ptsd and seeking professional help . ' anyone who has been through what she 's been through is going to have issues . it 's like a soldier come back from iraq , having children shot in front of him , you 've been through a horrific experience . if it does n't affect you physically , it affects you emotionally , ' he says to radar . family struggle : amanda knox stands on the front porch with her fiancé , her mother edda mellas and stepfather , chris mellas . according to her biographer , knox and her family have spent millions fighting her conviction . on top of her fight to be declared innocent , preston claims that knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees . this despite receiving a reported $ 4 million advance for her 2013 book , waiting to be heard . ' the ordeal has been hugely emotional , but the financial impact has been catastrophic , ' says preston . ' amanda received a $ 4 million advance for her book , that money has all gone , immediately out of the door to pay legal fees and there is nothing left , ' preston explains . ' she really wants to establish that she 's innocent in italy , they 've paid a lot of fees to italian lawyers . ' knox , 27 , fought the italian legal system for eight years , spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she and her ex-boyfriend , raffaele sollecito were exonerated by the italian supreme court in late march for the murder of meredith kercher . shared experience : this split picture shows amanda knox and raffaele sollecito , arriving with penitentiary police to a court hearing in perugia september 26 , 2008 . beginning of her nightmare : amanda knox leaves with penitentiary police after a court hearing in perugia in september 2008 after she and her ex-boyfriend were arrested for the murder of meredith kercher . kercher was discovered in a pool of blood in the house she shared with kercher in november 2007 . the british student had been stabbed four times and her throat slit in what the italian courts claimed was a sex-game gone wrong . knox and sollecito was found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars , but were acquitted in 2011 . knox immediutely returned to the united states protesting her innocence , but in january 2014 , the italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict . however , the case ultimately went to the supreme court and their conviction was overturned . tears : amanda knox breaks down after hearing she had been acquitted of the murder of meredith kercher in october , 2011 . return home : amanda knox pauses emotionally while speaking during a news conference at sea-tac international airport , washington after landing there on a flight from italy , october 4 , 2011 after her acquittal . on the announcement of her innocence , knox appeared on her seattle doorstep to make a statement . surrounded by her father , curt knox , mother , edda mellas , sister , deanna knox , and fiancé , colin sutherland , the 27-year-old broke down in tears as she told the press : ' meredith was my friend and she deserved so much in this life . i am the lucky one . ' amanda knox could now receive millions in compensation after being cleared by italy 's top court of murdering surrey student meredith kercher . the 27-year-old and her former lover raffaele sollecito both served four years in prison after being convicted of the murder in 2007 . it is thought that knox will return to italy , despite having vowed never to , and will write about the country 's legal and judicial system while she is there . both knox and sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . both knox ( above ) and sollecito could now seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . while no figures have been revealed , compensation for such cases regularly run into seven figure sums . carlo dalla vedova , her italian lawyer , confirmed miss knox will ' be seeking compensation for wrongful imprisonment , ' according to the telegraph . mr sollecito’s father francesco told the newspaper : ' you could hardly quantify a compensation figure , it has been such an awful business . ' she added that she was ' full of joy ' following italy 's highest court 's decision to overturn her murder conviction , saying : ' i 'm incredibly grateful for what has happened . for the justice i have received , for the support i have had from everyone , from my family and my friends to strangers . ' shortly after the verdict , knox , who has said she would never willingly return to italy , released a statement , saying she was ' tremendously relieved and grateful ' and knowing she was innocent gave her ' strength in the darkest times of this ordeal ' . she added : ' throughout this ordeal , i have received invaluable support from family , friends , and strangers . to them , i say thank you from the bottom of my heart . your kindness has sustained me . '