it 's good to be taylor swift — and for 21-year-old elizabeth scarborough , it 's good to look like taylor swift , too , particularly as the university of south carolina student has been built a career on impersonating the superstar singer . of course , it 's not just her strikingly similar resemblance to 25-year-old taylor that 's helped elizabeth book private appearances and live concerts where she performs the shake it off singer 's greatest hits ; the charleston , south carolina , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike . ' i first became a fan of her music , and it was n't until , like , five or six years later when i realized , hey , i could really market this , ' she says . scroll down for video . similar superfan : elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina . before embarking on a career impersonating taylor six years ago , elizabeth was just a big fan of the star — until classmates at her all-girls school began telling her she looked like the grammy winner . after taylor 's second album , fearless , came out when elizabeth was 15 , the student asked her older brother to teach her how to play love story — a relatively simple song with only four chords . with looks and musical ability now in her arsenal , elizabeth was able to start making money as a tribute artist . ' i started to hear the rumor , `` taylor swift goes to our school '' , and moms would hire me out for birthday parties , ' she told good morning carolinas , and explained that early gigs would earn her about $ 30 . 'i’d come , sing a few songs , and wear a sparkly dress and they loved it , ' she told usa today . flattering immitation : elizabeth started to learn to play taylor 's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star . copycat performer : not only has elizabeth , left , learned to sing and play music by taylor , right , on the guitar , but she has also practiced copying the singer 's facial expressions and way of speaking . eventually elizabeth learned taylor 's entire musical catalog , started designing corresponding costumes , and even studied the singer 's mannerisms to improve her impersonations . she still works at parties and even nursing homes , but now her biggest gig is performing with legends in concert , a concert series that includes artists impersonating the likes of whitney houston , britney spears , and tim mcgraw . last summer , elizabeth performed with legends in concert for two month in myrtle beach , south carolina , and when she graduates from college in may she 'll go on tour with the show , starting in branson , missouri and ending in las vegas , nevada . ' [ i 'm ] so excited to start designing outfits and song lists for future shows [ sic ] , ' she recently said on her instagram account . parallel careers : as taylor releases new music and debuts new costumes on tour , elizabeth adds new elements to her own impersonations . and while she looks forward to taylor 's new material first and foremost as a fan , the blank space singer 's growing and evolving career also means elizabeth gets to have more fun with her own career . ' i think she’s breaking boundaries and creating new genres , ' she said . ' that gives me the opportunity as a tribute artist to do a lot of different things . ' this is n't the first time that one of taylor 's lookalikes has come forward . last month , the singer herself discovered another doppelganger online , posting a picture of her ' twin ' , arizona resident morgan jensen , on tumblr , while commenting : ' lol i thought that was me . '