lazio replaced their fierce city rivals roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down serie a leaders juventus by hammering empoli 4-0 at the stadio olimpico . the biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain stefano mauri with miroslav klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark . antonio candreva and felipe anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the coppa italia finalists , who now lead roma by a single point . miroslav klose celebrates as he grabs lazio 's second goal of the game in the win against empoli . lazio midfielder stefano mauri celebrates with teammate antonio candreva after scoring . the giallorossi are now 13 points behind juve after struggling to draw 1-1 at torino on sunday . rudi garcia 's men needed an alessandro florenzi penalty to take the lead on 57 minutes , but maxi lopez promptly equalised to send roma towards their ninth draw from 13 games . napoli 's belgium forward dries mertens celebrates after scoring during their win against fiorentina . napoli shrugged off the disappointment of a disallowed ghost goal to push on and beat fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place . the azzurri returned to the race for a champions league place when dries mertens opened the scoring midway through the first half . gonzalo higuain 's thunderous drive appeared to cross the line before the break , only for the officials to rule otherwise , meaning marek hamsik and jose callejon had to make the points safe . slovakian midfielder marek hamsik celebrates his goal as napoli thumped fiorentina at home . palermo 's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at udinese . achraaf lazaar put the visitors on their way in the 15th minute before luca rigoni doubled palermo 's lead six minutes later and ivaylo chochev made it 3-0 in the 66th minute . udinese did not take a shot on goal until nine minutes from time when antonio di natale beat palermo goalkeeper stefano sorrentino . palermo 's luca rigoni celebrates an important goal as they record just their second away win of the season . sergio pellissier struck late on to boost chievo 13 points clear of the relegation zone with a 1-0 victory at cesena , while atalanta opened a seven-point gap on the drop zone with a precious win . two goals from german denis in bergamo saw the nerazzurri edge out sassuolo 2-1 , with domenico berardi notching a second-half goal for the visitors . atalanta ace german denis celebrates after scoring in the win over sassuolo in bergamo .