incredible footage has captured the moment a huge stingray nibbles on a freediver’s head , gliding back and forth over the man’s body gently on the ocean floor . the video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and johnny debnam , a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover . mr debnam was free diving in water four metres deep ; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on rottnest island off the coast of western australia . johnny debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray , although he was aware of the risks . the commercial diver was free diving four metres beneath the ocean when he had his snuggle with the ray . ‘ i was totally at peace . i loved that thing going over the top of me , ’ johnny debnam said of the experience . the video shows the swimmer completely motionless in the seagrass , with the enormous 150 kilogram ray rubbing itself back and forward over his body - even nibbling at his head . ‘ i blew all my air out and was totally calm and at his level , ’ explained mr debnam during a mini documentary produced for his production company terra australis tv . mr debnam was completely enveloped underneath the stingray , but he remained calm and insists he relished every minute of the wonderful experience . the stingray is a potentially dangerous creature . if provoked it may use its spiky tail – known as a barb- to spear the victim and inject them with a deadly poison . tragically , animal activist and australian icon steve irwin was killed after a deadly encounter with a stingray . in september 2006 the creature stabbed him with its barb ' hundreds of times ' as he filmed a documentary near queensland 's great barrier reef . however mr debnam 's relationship with the stingray was incredibly harmonious . he is experienced with marine life and in the video demonstrates his behaviour to be gentle and threatening , and the stingray appears to reward him with some appreciative cuddles ! johnny debnam did not have any breathing equipment on when he let all his air out and calmly lay still on the ocean floor . the majestic stingray swum over him three times , enveloping him under his body as he glided on top . ‘ those things are huge . they’re massive and they could really mess you up if they wanted to , ’ debnam said during his terris australis tv documentary . ‘ but , they won’t if they don’t want to . ’ responding to his calm nature , the curious stingray repeatedly glides over him , as if to try to determine what exactly it had found nestled amongst the reeds . debnam is ecstatic after his snuggled with the majestic , friendly creature . ‘ i was totally at peace . i loved that thing going over the top of me , ’ he said . ‘ it was awesome ! it did it three times and i wanted it to do it again . ‘ it was a bit of a rush really ! ’ responding to his calm nature , the curious stingray repeatedly glides over him , as if to try to determine what exactly it had found nestled amongst the reeds . the production company he co-created , terra australis tv , specialises in creating stunning cinematography of the incredible creatures beneath the ocean’s surface in western australia . debnam and his cameraman cameron wallace are passionate about showing the ocean respect whilst exploring and filming the wonders of the sea . ‘that’s what makes you feel alive . natural , awesome , pure things like ( swimming with a stingray ) , ’ said debnam . ‘ you can’t buy it . ’ see www.terraaustralis.tv . debnam and his cameraman cameron wallace are passionate about showing the ocean respect whilst exploring and filming the wonders of the sea .