thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late champions league winner against atletico madrid ' like he had just won the world cup’ . the real madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play after neat work by the portugal international . hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but henry feels the forward , on loan from manchester united , owes all the credit to his team-mate . real madrid striker javier hernandez earns his side champions league victory with a late , late goal . the on-loan mexican striker wheels away in celebration as he fires real madrid in to the next round . hernandez is welcomed by the ecstatic real madrid fans following his late goal against rivals atletico . henry told sky sports : ‘ to be fair to him he doesn’t really play . he was given an opportunity tonight but we still don’t know whether he will play again . ‘ he had a couple of chances in the game . one on his left foot and then another on his right foot . but i can tell you , he needs to thank ( cristiano ) ronaldo tonight . ‘ i know he went on to celebrate alone and everything but he needs to thank ronaldo , because for me he has to . it’s ronaldo who chooses to change the course of the game . ‘ he ( ronaldo ) should’ve passed the ball in the first-half but he did n't , but he did in the second-half because he knew he needed to finish them ( atletico madrid ) there and then . ‘ that is for me ronaldo’s goal . there is two minutes to go , he didn’t want to take that chance because he knows hernandez is in a better position so you have to play that ball . ‘ ronaldo gave him that ball so that goal is ronaldo’s goal . at that moment he knows he can not shoot so he doesn’t take the risk of doing something stupid or silly . the on-loan striker slides to his knees in celebrations following his late goal at the bernabeu stadium . hernandez falls backwards in celebration after his late goal earned real madrid a champions league victory . ‘ he saw a guy in a better position , which hernandez was , and he gave him the ball , so that is ronaldo’s goal . ‘ what i don’t like is that he celebrates like he has just won the world cup . it’s a tap in . turn around and celebrate with ronaldo . ‘ he knew he had to perform and he had a couple of chances to do it . even the camera knew , the camera is on ronaldo for a reason . ’ hernandez and ronaldo celebrate as real madrid beat rivals atletico madrid in the champions league . thierry henry was quick to criticise the mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner . however , former liverpool defender and fellow pundit jamie carragher was quick to highlight that ronaldo would have done the same if it was his late winner . the 37-year-old told sky sports : ‘ it was ronaldo’s goal in terms of what he did for the goal but ronaldo is the worst in the world at things like that . ' he took a penalty in the final last year to make it 4-1 , he takes his top off and becomes the picture the next day . ' but former liverpool defender jamie carragher did n't share the same views as former arsenal man henry .