ed miliband has been ' bullied ' by the conservatives into ruling out a coalition deal between the snp and labour , snp leader nicola sturgeon claimed tonight . scotland 's first minister said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ' kicked around ' by the tories and called on him to be ' tougher ' and ' bolder ' . with polls suggesting no one party will have a majority after may 7 and support for the snp hitting a record high , the conservatives have ramped up warnings about a post-election deal between labour and the scottish nationalists . scotland 's first minister , appearing on newsnight tonight , said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ' kicked around ' by the tories and called on him to be ' tougher ' and ' bolder ' . she told evan davis that ed miliband had been ' bullied ' by the conservatives into ruling out a coalition deal . labour leader mr miliband insisted at the weekend that he is ' not interested in deals ' with the snp . in the latest of bbc1 's series of leader interviews with evan davis , ms sturgeon said westminster politicians were in danger of being ' insulting ' to scottish voters . she said : ' i 've not ruled anything out here , i 've always said a coalition with labour is highly unlikely , ed miliband has since said the same because he 's been sort of bullied by the tories to rule these things out . ' the snp leader said she had not ruled out a confidence and supply deal between the two parties . when it was put to her that mr miliband had , she said : ' i think what he says the morning after the election will probably be different to what he says now . ' he 's in an election campaign , he 's trying to cling to the pretence that he is going to get a majority . everyone else knows that 's not looking likely . ' but what i am saying is i think a vote-by-vote arrangement is both most likely and probably the way in which a big team of snp mps can wield maximum influence for scotland 's benefit . ' the snp have soared in the polls to a record 54 per cent - while labour have seen their support cut in half since 2010 . labour party leader ed miliband delivers a speech at the arc theatre & arts centre in stockton-on-tees today . commenting further on mr miliband , she added : ' i think he should be a bit tougher in not being kicked around so much by the tories . ' i think he should be bolder in saying that he will respect the wishes of voters because there is a more fundamental point than just how people in scotland vote . ' a conservative spokesman said ms sturgeon 's interview exposed the threat posed by the snp . he said : ' nicola sturgeon has confirmed that she now has ed miliband wrapped around her little finger - and will use snp mps to ' wield maximum influence for scotland 's benefit ' . that means more debt , higher taxes , unlimited welfare handouts and weaker defence - so we 'll all pay . the only way to stop this happening is to vote conservative on may 7th . ' 