incredible pictures have shown the moment ferocious red sandstorms currently engulfing china devoured a city in the country 's north west . china 's pollution hit cities are now having to cope with a fresh nuisance after the fourth massive sandstorm struck the north-west of the country this year alone . the images show the city of golmud , in the country 's north west qinghai province , as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm which reduced the visibility to as little as 30 metres , according to the people 's daily online . the raging sand storm sweeps in on the city of golmud in north west china , where 200,000 people live . the sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards . china 's meteorlogical centre issued a blue alert as the sandstorms swept across the north of the country . china 's national meteorological centre ( nmc ) has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions . the red sand swept across the northern part of the country bringing strong winds and floating sand to the regions of xinjiang , inner mongolia , gansu , ningxia and shaanxi , in what was the fourth sandstorm to hit the area this year . the organisation advised residents to stay indoors and local authorities to brace for the clean-up operation after the sandstorms . china 's four-tier colour-coded weather warning system signifies red as the most severe followed by orange , yellow and blue . photos of the city of dunhuang in the north-western province of gansu show the thick orange haze coating the city 's atmosphere and the lack of people on the streets gave the area an almost alien planet appearance . a local meteorologist said visibility was reduced to less than 50metres in downtown areas . police spokesman hui chuang said : ' the storm forced most people to stay indoors because it was difficult to drive anyway given the low visibility and also hard to breathe without inhaling sand . ' it also forced the closure of the nearby mogao grottoes . ' the site is a unesco world heritage tourist site renowned for its massive sculptures and frescoes carved in caves along a cliff . golmud was left covered in a remarkable red haze when the sand cloud blew across the city yesterday . traffic was brought to a standstill and residents fled for cover when the storm hit . two local government officers attempt to sweep the sand off the city 's pavements . cars switched on their lights in order to navigate their way through the billowing sand cloud . a police cruiser makes it way through the traffic amid yesterday 's ferocious sandstorm . the colour-coded weather warning system designated the sandstorm blue in an attempt to forewarn residents . two men look out across the city where visibility was in some areas reduced to 50m . 