stuart mccall revealed captain lee mcculloch apologised to him and the rangers players after being sent off in the 2-1 win over runaway scottish championship winners hearts at ibrox . goals from striker kenny miller and the returning midfielder haris vuckic had the home side two ahead and cruising before mcculloch was shown a straight red card by referee bobby madden for fouling striker osman sow . it left the 10-man govan side to fight a rearguard battle in the second half and , although jambos striker genero zeefuik reduced the deficit in the 83rd minute , rangers held on to move into second place in the league , three points ahead of hibernian with a game in hand over the leith club . lee mcculloch was sent off during rangers ' crucial 2-1 victory against hearts in the scottish championship . staurt mccall says the gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident . the gers boss said : ' believe it or not i have n't seen it again and i did n't see it live - all i was interested in was zeefuik going through the middle - but i spoke to bobby coming off and he said he caught him with his elbow . ' jig ( mcculloch ) came in after the game and apologised to me and the team so obviously it must have merited a red card . ' the former rangers midfielder paid tribute to gers supporters in the crowd of 40,521 who willed their team on to a third successive win when they were down to 10 men . he said : ' in the second half , that was the first time for a long , long time , since i was playing , that i got goosebumps out there . mcculloch walks off the pitch after he was shown the red card on easter sunday . ' the fans deserved that ( win ) but i thought the players deserved their applause coming off the park because you need both together to be a success . ' it was pleasing in a lot of ways . we set out with a game plan to stop hearts playing because they are a good side , no doubt about that . ' obviously it was two terrific goals , but i thought the tempo and passing in the first half was outstanding . ' i thought the second half was just about guts , desire , being a good team-mate , so it was a hard shift but a nervy finish . ' man of the match nicky law also noted the improving relationship between players and supporters . the rangers midfielder said : ' the crowd just lifted everyone and the atmosphere was as good as it has been since i signed at the club and hearts fans played their part in that as well . ' probably for the first time the fans have been right behind us and united as one , which it has n't been for a while and that was great to see . ' we know that has been down to ourselves in large parts because it has n't been good enough . ' but we hope that they see the effort we are putting in and hopefully we can achieve the aim that we started the season with and repay the fans . ' it was a huge win for us . three wins on the spin now and the boys are buzzing . ' mccall has paid tribute to the 40,521 rangers fans who made it to ibrox for the game . it was hearts ' first away defeat in the league all season and head coach robbie neilson refused to be too downbeat . he said : ' i thought we dominated in the second half without creating a lot of chances . i do n't think we did enough to win . ' but the pleasing think is i am sitting here at ibrox , having lost 2-1 and everyone is devastated . ' we have to take a step back and look at the big picture . ' we are 23 points clear at the top of the championship and we are guaranteed top level football next year . ' so i do n't want to be too down . i spoke to the players after the game and told them to put it into perspective . ' when they walk out of ibrox they should have their heads held high because they are champions and it does n't matter what happens in one game , it is a 36-game league and they have been the best team . ' kenny miller ( left ) celebrates scoring for rangers against championship winners hearts on sunday . 