a celebrity doctor known as ‘ healing hans’ has played a key role in getting paula radcliffe to the start line for sunday’s london marathon . ‘ i was close to pulling out , ’ she admitted . ‘ there was definitely a point i was worried because i thought , “ god , if i can’t run for 45 minutes , i can’t get round a marathon” . ’ instead radcliffe turned to renowned german doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt . world record holder paula radcliffe said she ' was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon on sunday . but hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , has made sure radcliffe will race . despite a very public split with bayern munich coach pep guardiola last week , muller-wohlfahrt joined an american foot surgeon , orthotics specialists in belgium and physiotherapists at british athletics to make sure radcliffe will reach the start line for her final competitive marathon on sunday . the 750,000 who are expected to pack the 26.2-mile course from london’s blackheath to pall mall will not witness a radcliffe of 2003 vintage . her world record time of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years later but the 41-year-old will be nowhere near that mark this time , setting off with the good club runners rather than the elite women . finishing the race will be a victory of sorts for her after fearing a degenerative injury to her foot would rule her out . ‘ i was in kenya and training was going well , ’ she said . ' but because the trails are pretty rocky out there i tweaked my achilles . i went down to font romeu ( her training camp in italy ) and it snowed there so i did a couple of runs on the treadmill . maybe because it was harder on the treadmill my achilles started to get really sore . ’ sunday 's london marathon will be radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career . celebrity doctor muller-wohlfahrt ( left ) , known as ‘ healing hans’ , recently german giants bayern munich . the turning point came four weeks ago while on a run in the park near her home in monaco with daughter isla , eight . ‘ she was on her bike and it’s quite hilly so i was more impressed that she kept up . ' from that day , i’ve been able to gradually increase it and get back , with ice buckets after every run , and i’m just really grateful to everyone who has helped me . ‘ if i was being competitive i would have pulled out five weeks ago . but i’ve just been there so many times and this time i just thought it doesn’t matter if i run it in three hours or 2:45 . ‘i’m almost there and i’m hoping my body will remember a little bit once i get running . ’