an advanced spacecraft flies up to an orbiting space station , taking with it cargo and supplies for the crew on board as they continue their mission in the final frontier . no , this isn’t a scene from star trek - it’s an event that took place in earth’s orbit just the other day . and to celebrate the arrival of the cargo-carrying dragon spacecraft , one astronaut on the iss donned a uniform from the popular tv show . scroll down for video . italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday ( shown ) . together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth . italian esa astronaut samantha cristoforetti revealed her unique attire in a tweet . ‘”there’s coffee in that nebula”… ehm , i mean… in that # dragon , ’ she wrote . construction of the iss began on 20 november 1998 . it supports a crew of up to six , with crews split into groups of three . the station orbits at a height of about 255 miles ( 410km ) . it has a total mass of about 990,000 pounds ( 450,000kg ) and has living space roughly equivalent to a five-bedroom house . it completes an orbit of earth every 92.91 minutes and moves at 17,100 miles ( 27,600km ) per hour . it has now been in space for more than 5,900 days , during which time it has completed more than 92,000 orbits of earth , and has been continuously occupied for more than 13 years . the ‘dragon’ she was referring to was spacex’s vehicle , which launched from cape canaveral on tuesday 14 april , arriving at the station on 17 april . here it was ‘berthed’ to the iss - which means it was grabbed by an arm on the station , and did not dock by itself . the capture occured while the iss was over the pacific ocean , just east of japan . with the assistance of expedition 43 commander terry virts of nasa , cristoforetti successfully captured the spacecraft at 9.15am last friday . spacecraft like dragon are used to keep the iss stocked with supplies , but this mission carried with it a treat for the astronauts - a coffee machine called the isspresso . italian coffee giant lavazza joined forces with the turin-based engineering company argotec and the italian space agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . nasa certified its safety . it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the iss , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on earth . it uses a ' capsule system ' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea . the machine can also be used to rehydrate food . italian coffee giant lavazza joined forces with the turin-based engineering company argotec and the italian space agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . nasa certified its safety . here a prototype of the coffee from the machine is shown . the outfit worn by cristoforetti was the one that crew wore in the tv show star trek voyager , shown . the canadarm 2 reaches out to capture the spacex dragon cargo spacecraft and prepare it to be pulled into its port on the international space station on friday 17 april . the canadarm2 robotic arm maneuvered dragon to its installation position at the earth-facing port of the harmony module . ‘ it 's been just amazing , ’ cristoforetti said after snaring the dragon over the pacific . ‘ lots of science and even coffee 's in there , so that 's pretty exciting . ’ within two and half hours of its capture , the dragon was bolted securely to the space station . this is the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . aside from the coffee machine , the spacex dragon supply ship had in total 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . the espresso machine is three months late because of the backlog created by last year 's loss of a supply ship in a launch explosion . much later and the espresso machine would have missed cristoforetti , who returns home next month . the dragon will remain at the orbiting lab until around 21 may , when it will be released full of experiments and discarded equipment for return to earth . it 's the only supply ship capable of bringing items back . among the newly arrived research are experiments for american astronaut scott kelly , who is just a few weeks into a one-year mission , which will be a record for nasa . russian cosmonaut mikhail kornienko also will remain on board until march 2016 . within 2.5 hours of its capture , the dragon was bolted securely to the space station , shown . this is the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . the capture happened while the iss was over the pacific ocean , just east of japan , shown in this image . the successful launch of the falcon 9 rocket carrying the dragon took place on 14 april from florida under perfect conditions , after an attempt had to be scrubbed on monday due to lightning . spacex , meanwhile , released a video showing its first-stage booster landing on an ocean platform shortly after tuesday 's lift-off , then tipping over in flames . it was the california company 's third attempt to fly a booster rocket to the platform stationed off florida 's northeastern coast . spacex chief elon musk said the platform - dubbed ' just read the instructions ' - endured just minor damage . the next attempt will be in june on the next spacex supply run for nasa . musk , a billionaire entrepreneur who also runs the tesla electric car maker , wants to reuse his rockets to bring down the cost of spaceflight . after the launch , spacex attempted to land part of its rocket booster on a floating platform for the third time . the landing was partially successful , with the rocket touching down on the barge - before it tipped over and exploded . the mission bodes well for the future of reusable rockets , though .  