cctv footage of the devastating moment a man put his brother in a coma with a single punch has been released for the first time , with the brother responsible soon to learn if he will serve prison time . downing centre local court showed the security footage of the violent altercation between irishman barry lyttle and his younger brother , patrick , during a sentence hearing on wednesday . prosecutor alex poulos called for barry , from belfast in ireland 's north , to face a full-time jail term as it was the ' only appropriate sentence ' after the violent incident in sydney in january . scroll down for video . after being pushed by patrick lyttle , his brother retaliates with a single punch ( left ) which causes his brother to fall to the ground , his head snapping back and body crumpling ( right ) . barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge . magistrate graeme curran said a jail sentence was likely , explaining ' the issue is whether or not i suspend a prison term ' . barry could spend up to two years in a sydney jail , despite his brother 's calls for the charges to be dropped . on thursday , security footage was shown for the first time , revealing the details of the distressing altercation outside hugo 's lounge in sydney 's potts point when patrick received a single blow to the head during an argument with his brother barry . in court on thursday , patrick comforted his inconsolable brother as they watched the footage . before the fight the brothers , who had only been reunited for a holiday in australia for a matter of days , are seen chatting jovially and patting each other on the back affectionately . but after leaving the bar a fight escalated quickly . the court saw footage of the brothers standing nose-to-nose , exchanging some tense words . as barry starts to walk away from the argument , patrick pushes his big brother roughly . patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on january 3 . patrick lyttle ( middle ) has called on charges against his brother barry ( left ) to be dropped . the brothers from belfast in ireland ( pictured here as children ) went on a night out on january 3 in kings cross . mr lyttle pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge against him . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . a split second later , barry retaliates with a brutal punch to patrick 's head . it is a distressing scene as patrick 's head snaps back from the force of barry 's blow . his body buckles beneath him and he crumples to the ground , his head slamming against the pavement . as patrick lies unresponsive on the ground , a clearly-distressed barry immediately rushes to his brother 's side , frantically trying to revive him . patrick nearly lost his life after suffering traumatic head injuries . he was found by emergency services in a pool of blood and vomit , and remained in a coma at sydney 's st vincent 's hospital for six days after the january 3 altercation . patrick says he has since made a ' fantastic recovery . ' barry pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm , whilst his brother called for the charges to be dismissed . barry lyttle ( pictured left ) has pleaded guilty to causing his brother patrick ( right ) grievous bodily harm . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against barry ( centre ) should be dropped . patrick lyttle ( right ) said he had made a ' fantastic recovery ' . on thursday , patrick delivered an impassioned victim 's statement , pleading for barry to be spared a prison sentence and for the family to be allowed to return to ireland together to ' heal ' . ' when my family is healed i will be healed , ' patrick lyttle told the court . ' it has been an awful ordeal for me but everyone can see it has been for barry too . ' victims often want to see deterrence . but everyone can see how much my brother has suffered . ' patrick also pointed out their father oliver 's health has greatly suffered as a result of the trauma . their father was in australia with the two men on what had intended as a trip of a lifetime , but has become a nightmare . barry lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , patrick , and his girlfriend , patricia last week . ' he does n't want to go home without his two sons , ' patrick said . patrick asked the court to consider allowing barry to return to ireland so the brothers can embark on a career in youth work , telling young people their story to warn of the dangers of violence . barry 's lawyer chris watson said his client was remorseful , unlikely to re-offend and of good character . the 33-year-old will be sentenced in sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . barry lyttle 's barrister chris watson said the punch was a ' very emotional , spur of the moment act ' that immediately followed being aggressively attacked by his brother , and that barry lyttle had immediately shown ' an extreme level of contrition and remorse ' , according to the sydney morning herald . any animosity between the two has since gone and they walked from court together on thursday , as they have done at earlier appearances . barry will return to court for sentencing on april 24 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .