a bloodstained document revealing a life-or-death episode that could have derailed the whole us space programme of the 1960s is tipped to sell for £80,000 ( $ 120,000 ) . the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture . but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . a complete 13-page checklist , including a bloodstained document seen at the front ) , from the gemini 4 mission in june 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ( $ 120,000 ) . the list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space . gemini 4 launched from cape canaveral in florida on 3 june 1965 with two astronauts on board . one , ed white , was tasked with performing the first us spacewalk , less than three months after soviet alexey leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history . the two astronauts on the gemini 4 mission were jim mcdivitt and ed white . the gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that would ultimately land humans on the moon in the apollo missions . the first crewed gemini flight , gemini 3 , lifted off launch pad 19 at cape canaveral in florida on march 23 , 1965 . nasa 's two-man gemini spaceflights demonstrated that astronauts could change their capsule 's orbit , remain in space for at least two weeks and work outside their spacecraft . they also pioneered rendezvous and docking with other spacecraft . all were essential skills to land on the moon and return safely to earth . they orbited earth 66 times over four days and , on the first day , ed white donned a spacesuit and drifted out of the cramped capsule . he spent 20 minutes in space on the spacewalk , or extravehicular activity ( eva ) , before having to come back in , which he said was ' the saddest moment of my life ' . but the hatch to get out had proved difficult to open and it was equally difficult to close when white was back inside . it 's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside . had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves , they would n't have been able to re-enter earth 's atmosphere and would have been lost in space . and had that worse case scenario happened , it could easily have scuppered the apollo missions that followed including the first of the moon landings four years later in 1969 . edward white , pictured , became the first us astronaut to perform a spacewalk on 3 june 1965 . he spent 20 minutes in space , and said coming back in was ' the saddest moment of my life ' . as it was the first spacewalk , there were a number of complications . white used a small jet propulsion unit to move around in space . the two astronauts on the gemini 4 mission were jim mcdivitt and ed white . they orbited earth 66 times over four days and , on the first day , ed white donned a spacesuit and drifted out of the cramped capsule . shown is the first page of the checklist ( left ) and the suit integrity check ( right ) for the spacecraft . the gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that would ultimately land humans on the moon in the apollo missions . on the left is part of the checklist used for leaving the spacecraft , and on the right , part of the checks the astronaut leaving had to go through . nasa 's two-man gemini spaceflights demonstrated that astronauts could change their capsule 's orbit , remain in space for at least two weeks and work outside their spacecraft . pictured is the later gemini 7 in orbit , as seen from gemini 6 during a rendezvous mission in december 1965 . checklists from space missions are said to be highly collectable items because they flew in space and were so vital to the astronauts . the spacewalk checklist for the gemini 4 mission of 1965 belonged to mcdivitt who gave it to a friend after signing it many years ago . the document is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission . cassandra hatton , of auctioneers bonhams which is selling the item , said : ' the gemini 4 mission was the first time [ an american ] walked in space and it was a huge step in the development of the space programme . gemini 4 ( pictured ) launched from cape canaveral in florida on 3 june 1965 with two astronauts on board . shown are astronauts edward h. white ii ( left ) and james a. mcdivitt , command pilot for gemini 4 . ' we knew we could get into space but until this point we did n't know if we could walk and float around out there . jim mcdivitt and ed white 's achievement is second only to landing on the moon . ' the checklist was vital for making sure things did n't go wrong and they did n't get sucked out into space . ' they had a difficult time in getting back in the capsule afterwards as the hatch got stuck . there was a problem with the latch on the hatch . it was a really scary , life or death moment . ' if they had n't been able to get the hatch closed they would have died in space . it would have been the first major space programme disaster which could have jettisoned the whole space programme . ' the auction takes place on april 24 in new york . the gemini spacecraft ( illustrated ) was fairly cramped , leaving the astronauts little room to move around . this fantastic shot shows white floating above the curvature of earth with the hatch seen open on the right . 