great-grandmother : gloria ross , 84 , died following a stroke in hospital – after she was ignored by nurses for more than an hour , her distraught family say . a great-grandmother died following a stroke in hospital – after she was ignored by nurses for more than an hour , her distraught family say . gloria ross , 84 , who spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse , was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins , 25 . but when he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital , north east london , for help , they said mrs ross was ‘ just tired’ – and told him the senior nurse was ‘ on a break’ . mr wilkins called his mother , mrs ross’ daughter maxine , 49 , who rushed to the hospital and pleaded with nurses to step in . it was not until an hour had passed that mrs ross was finally assessed by a doctor , who realised she had suffered a stroke and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at royal london hospital . however , she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later . crucially , her oxygen levels were not checked until she was seen by the ambulance crew – 90 minutes after mr wilkins raised the alarm . they were found to be at a level where brain damage can set in . barts health nhs trust , which runs whipps cross and was put into special measures last month over a series of failings , has begun an investigation into the treatment of mrs ross . the nurses’ alleged inaction occurred despite the nhs’s own campaign – launched six years ago – that uses the acronym fast , standing for face , arms , speech , time . people are told to call 999 ‘immediately’ if a suspected victim’s face has fallen on one side , they can not raise their arms or if their speech is slurred . describing her mother’s appearance after the stroke , miss ross said : ‘ although she opened her eyes , she could not communicate and became agitated with pain , so was on morphine . it was awful watching her like that . ‘ there were at least four nurses on the ward at whipps cross but they didn’t do anything until i hit the roof . ‘ my mother gave her working life to the nhs . although she has shown early signs of dementia , she was still very much with it , still very quick apart from memory loss sometimes . inquiry : barts health nhs trust , which runs whipps cross ( above ) and was put into special measures last month over a series of failings , has begun an investigation into the treatment of mrs ross . ‘ what was killing me was wondering how long my mother had been there before wayne saw her . she still recognised us when i got to whipps cross so she must have been wondering why nobody was coming to help her . i want other people to be aware of what happened and for the hospital to make sure it never happens again . ’ mrs ross , a widow with four grandchildren and a great-grandchild , was being looked after by her daughter at home but was admitted to whipps cross after developing a urinary infection . she suffered the stroke on sunday , march 22 and died in the royal london on april 2 . her case comes after barts health trust was put into special measures by the care quality commission watchdog last month due to a catalogue of failings at whipps cross . a barts health nhs trust spokesman said : ‘ we are extremely concerned to learn of the issues raised by the family of mrs ross . we will be conducting an investigation . ’ 