john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign . the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after december 25 . it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin . john lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover christmas stock such as this father christmas decoration-just days before easter . the department store giant has slashed its prices on its christmas decorations and festive themed gifts such as this gold reindeer , cut from £20 to £10 . with just days to go until easter , john lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft john lewis pre-lit peardrop with 500 lights , formerly £500 . meanwhile , a 64cm high ' cambric and cream father christmas sack ' , is now available to buy half price at £17.50 . a plywood white wooden led advent house is also priced at £17.50 on the store 's website - compared to £35 in the build up to christmas last year . john lewis has knocked £250 in an attempt to get rid of their leftover stock- more than three months after the christmas break . this wooden advent calendar is being sold at half price , £17.50 , one the store 's website which is making a desperate bid to get rid of its christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations . the store is also trying to flog a ' gold glitter tabletop stag ' for £10 after reducing it from its original price of £20 . there are now 108 items priced at £5 or less and 36 festive themed gifts and objects will set you back less than £2 . their bid to sell off leftover stock comes just days before this year 's first national holiday , when families tuck into easter themed products like chocolate eggs . office worker georgina adams from southampton , hampshire , was shocked to see the giant high street outlet still stocking the products . it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent a staggering £7 million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign . the 30-year-old said : ' it 's crazy . who wants to make decisions about christmas at easter ? ' everyone knows they go a bit over the top at christmas - especially with their adverts - but selling old christmas stock in april seems a bit odd . ' a john lewis spokeswoman said : ' we get demand for christmas products all year round . ' while the majority of our customers might begin their christmas purchases much nearer the festive season we do see interest in our seasonal offer all year round . ' our in-store christmas shops open in october and last year we saw christmas become the most searched term on our website at the beginning of september . ' as with other seasonal offerings , if there is a demand for reduced christmas items for sale post season then it makes sense to make such product available for customers . ' a staggering 108 items are priced at £5 or less and 36 festive themed gifts and objects will set you back less than £2 . this cambric and cream father christmas sack was one of the many festive products which were being sold off cheaply on the john lewis website . john lewis ' two minute advert , telling the story of seven-year-old sam , played by actor rhys edwards from hertfordshire , and his friend monty , won high praise in the run up to christmas last year . 1.sainsbury’s – christmas day truce 1914 . 2.john lewis – monty the penguin . 3.nike football – winner stays . 4.nike football - the last game . 5.always – like a girl . 6.three – sing it kitty . 7.marks & spencer – follow the fairies . 8.save the children – most shocking second a day . 9.guinness – sapeurs . 10.pepsi max – human loop the loop . the boy gradually realises monty is longing for a penguin companion . and so on christmas morning sam surprises monty with the gift of a new penguin friend named mabel . the soundtrack was john lennon’s song real love , performed by tom odell . it 's uplifting story touched many and made monty the penguin a bestselling gift but it ultimately lost out to sainsbury 's in the battle for best christmas ad . the recreation of one of the most famous moments from the first world war by sainsbury 's saw it named the most viewed in the uk . it featured a ' creative interpretation ' of christmas day 1914 when british and german soldiers laid down their weapons and met in no man 's land . the supermarket chain reconstructed the trenches scene to celebrate their 20 years of support for the royal british legion , which runs the annual poppy campaign .  