lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into sky bet league one was marked by pre-match supporters ' protests against karl oyston . disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of bloomfield road before a 1-1 draw with reading , hurling eggs at the directors ' boxes windows and launching a flare , smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the west stand , where oyston and his family usually watch games . they repeatedly chanted for oyston to leave a club that became the first in the football league to be demoted following rotherham 's win over brighton on easter monday . lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after relegation . jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead during the draw against reading . but defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark disappointed . yakubu tussles with costa rica international jose cubero , who enjoyed a rare start for blackpool . some of those fans did not even enter the ground and missed a contest short on incident , with grant hall 's own goal 20 seconds after the restart earning the royals a point following jamie o'hara 's opening goal for the hosts from the penalty spot . clark acknowledged that a ' horrendous season ' had contributed to the swathes of empty seats at recent home matches but is hopeful of winning back those disillusioned fans by rebuilding his squad over the summer . ' we 're down a level and that 's going to be hard , ' he said of getting fans back through the turnstiles at bloomfield road . ' we 've obviously had a horrendous season to put up with , but if we do it right with our recruitment process over the summer , we do things in the right way and get the right type of players in - then they can come and watch us over the pre-season and see a new group of players that they can get excited about that we can get them back on to the seats . ' the only way we can do that is by getting a group together that 's going to give us a fighting chance to get back up and we hit the ground running at the start of the season . ' blackpool fans gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against the oyston family . blackpool 's main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before their game with reading . those that did opt to turn up saw bottom-of-the-table blackpool gain a third successive draw to move to 25 points , one away from the lowest ever total accrued by a side in the second tier when there have been 24 teams . following the confirmation of their relegation , clark was keen to produce a performance for the long-suffering seasiders faithful . ' it was important that we did put on a lively performance because with the news ( on monday ) it has been tough for everybody , but more importantly it 's been tough for the supporters , ' he stressed . ' i just thought it was important we gave them some kind of performance . i just wish we could have got a victory . ' a fan walks out of a fish and chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . reading had made a nightmare start , conceding just six minutes in when o'hara converted from 12 yards after zat knight had upended gary madine from behind . but it was the visitors who were quick off the mark in the second period as a shot from aiyegbeni yakubu struck hall in the face and went over the line . ' i 'm disappointed with the first half , i do n't like when we start like that , ' said royals boss steve clarke . ' we did n't really recover from that , we just really coasted along , we did n't try to make anything happen . second half at least we tried to make something happen . ' we got off to a flyer and having got back to 1-1 i 'm a little bit disappointed we did n't take anything on a horrible night on a horrible pitch . '