the international space station is to have an italian espresso maker so astronauts can have a break from instant coffee to ' boost spirits ' . spacex is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker — and 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment — on monday afternoon . the experimental espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . scroll down for video . this undated image shows a prototype of lavazza and argotec 's ' isspresso ' machine . the final version will be the first real italian espresso machine on the international space station . on monday a version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the international space station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . it was supposed to arrive in january , shortly after her arrival , so she could get some relief from the station 's instant coffee . but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion . the espresso machine was originally intended for astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy so she could get a break from the station 's instant coffee . the espresso maker is dubbed isspresso — iss standing for international space station . italian coffee giant lavazza joined forces with the turin-based engineering company argotec and the italian space agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . nasa certified its safety . it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the iss , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on earth . it uses a ' capsule system ' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea . the machine can also be used to rehydrate food . in order to handle liquids at high pressure and high temperature in a space environment , the plastic tubing inside the normal coffee machines has been replaced with a steel tubes designed to withstand pressure of more than 400 bar . the isspresso machine uses a standard coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . the granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ' rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' the isspresso machine is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on earth . hovering up to 270 miles ( 435 km ) above the earth , the international space station ( pictured ) is a long way from home and astronauts have reported missing creature comforts such as coffee and beer . astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . the machine is much heavier than a normal model , which typically weighs 29lbs ( 13kg ) . the space-bound machine weighs around 44lbs ( 20kg ) because there are backups of all the critical components , for safety reasons , and in accordance with the specifications agreed upon with the isa . nasa 's space station program deputy manager , dan hartman , said it 's all part of making astronauts feel at home as they spend months — and even up to a year — in orbit . already , mission control gives astronauts full access to email , phone calls , private video hookups , and live news and sports broadcasts . the isspresso machine uses a normal lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . the granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ' rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . ' the psychological support is very , very important , ' hartman told reporters on sunday . he continued : ' if an espresso machine comes back and we get a lot of great comments from the crew ... it 's kind of like the ice cream thing , right , when we fly ice cream every now and then . ' it 's just to boost spirits . maybe some rough day , a scoop of ice cream gets them over that hump kind of thing . ' the spacex dragon supply ship also holds experiments for nasa 's one-year space station resident scott kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . russian cosmonaut mikhail kornienko also will remain on board until march 2016 . this will be the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . for the third time , spacex will attempt to land its leftover booster vertically on an ocean barge . both previous tests failed . improvements to the first-stage booster and floating platform — based on lessons learned from the january and february attempts — should boost the odds of success this time to 75 per cent or maybe 80 per cent , said hans koenigsmann , vice president of mission assurance for spacex . spacex 's billionaire founder elon musk wants to save time and money by reusing the boosters normally discarded in the atlantic . in fact , the company is transforming a former missile-launching site at cape canaveral air force station into a landing pad for its revolutionary flyback boosters . monday 's launch time is 4.33pm . forecasters put the odds of good weather at 60 per cent . once the coffee is brewed , it 's dispensed in a pouch , which astronauts drink straight from using a straw .