it was n't just steve mcqueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s . the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione . now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . scroll down for video . it was n't just steve mcqueen 's rugged looks that sent ladies into a frenzy in the 1960s . the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione . pictured is steve mcqueen starring in the 1965 film the cincinnati kid . hedione - derived from the greek word ' hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent . the christian dior fragrance , eau savage , was the first to use it in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as chamade by guerlain , ckone , paco by paco rabane and chanel no . 19 . the latest study shows how hedione - which has the chemical name methyl dihydro-jasmonate - activates the pheromone receptor vn1r in humans . this activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . hedione - derived from the greek word ' hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent . the christian dior fragrance , eau savage , was the first to use it in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as chamade by guerlain , ckone and chanel no . 19 . the study found that hedione creates 'sex-specific activation patterns ' in the tissue found in the nasal cavity which connects to the brain , according to a report in the telegraph . here hedione - which has the chemical name methyl dihydro-jasmonate - activates the pheromone receptor vn1r in humans . ' these results constitute compelling evidence that a pheromone effect different from normal olfactory perception indeed exists in humans , ' says scent researcher prof hanns hatt from ruhr-universität bochum in germany . scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour . they then compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol . hedione triggered brain areas in the limbic system , which is responsible for emotions , memory and motivation , more effectively than phenylethyl alcohol . it also activated an area of the hypothalamus which releases sex hormones throughout body to turn people on . the christian dior fragrance , eau savage ( left ) , was the first to use hedione in 1966 , and it has since found its way into other fragrances such as chamade by guerlain , ckone and chanel no . 19 ( right ) . the german study found that hedione activated a specific hypothalamic region , in women more strongly than in men . but scientists are still divided over whether humans can actually communicate via pheromones . in the animal kingdom , this kind of communication is widespread . mice have around 300 different genes for pheromone receptors ; in humans , probably only five of them are still functional . ' in the next stage , we want to find out which physiological and psychological parameters are affected when hedione activates the pheromone receptor , ' explains hanns hatt . ' we also have to search for scent molecules in bodily secretions , which resemble hedione and activate the receptor . ' with its help , humans could actually communicate with each other . '