gibraltar could be the new home of britain 's nuclear submarines if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident . moving the nation 's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported . the snp want to eject trident from scotland , but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . scroll down for video . gibraltar could be the new home of britain 's nuclear submarines ( one pictured ) if the snp succeeds in ridding scotland of trident . a senior military source told the sunday express that ministry of defence officials have sounded out gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the clyde . ' a party was sent to gibraltar in january to determine whether the option could work . one can only assume it’s part of broader ­contingency planning , ' the source said . the snp 's deputy leader stewart hosie has threatened to hold westminster to ransom over trident if the party holds the balance of power after the general election on may 7 . other options for a new home for the nuclear deterrent include falmouth , but the potential political fall-out of moving the submarines to the cornish coast make gibraltar a more attractive proposal . dr nick ritchie , international security lecturer at the university of york , said any move could anger spain - who already dispute britain 's claim over gibraltar . moving the nation 's nuclear deterrent to gibraltar ( pictured ) could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported . he said : ' if the mod is exploring other options , it shows admirable planning and foresight . choosing gibraltar would avoid the nimbyism question . any alter­native site in england or wales would carry political down sides . but gibraltar has enough patriotism to overcome this . ' it would be interesting to see spain’s reaction , ­however , since it is a non-nuclear member of nato . ' gibraltar 's chief minister fabian picardo said it had the facilities available and had been visited by submarines from the uk and the us in the past . however , a spokesman for the mod said : ' this is absolutely untrue and we can be very clear that the mod is not planning to move the nuclear deterrent from hm naval base clyde to gibraltar , or anywhere else . ' the mod is fully committed to retaining the deterrent on the clyde and indeed we are basing all our submarines there from 2020 . ” the likelihood of any move is likely to be increased by a strong performance by the snp in the election . the snp want to eject trident ( submarine pictured ) from scotland , but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . ed miliband has ruled out a formal coalition with nicola sturgeon 's party , as well as a confidence-and-supply agreement which would see the snp back labour on crucial votes , such as the budget or the queen 's speech . he told andrew marr today : ' no coalition , no tie-ins , i have said no deals - i have been clear about that . i am not doing deals with the scottish nationalist party . ' the conservatives have made the prospect of a labour administration that 's reliant on snp votes one of the central planks of their election campaign in the last fortnight . last week a labour frontbencher expressed regret that the party can not ‘ get rid’ of trident . shadow welsh secretary owen smith said at a hustings event on wednesday : ‘ we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment . so our policy is that we will retain trident , we will maintain a continuous at-sea deterrent . ’ but he added : ‘ so we will pursue an independent perspective , the next labour government , but on the issue of trident : would but we could get rid of it but i fear that we can’t . ’