a brand new £4million apartment block in a world heritage site is facing demolition after residents complained that it was four feet wider than approved . landmark developments ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats . but residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council . a brand new £4million apartment block in bath ( pictured ) is facing demolition - because it is four feet wider than approved . bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a ' breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed . dr douglas bernardt , a local resident with a phd in architecture , described the situation as ' madness ' . he said : ' i do n't know how it was possible that things have got to this stage . ' lots of money will have been spent on this and i ca n't understand why it was built different to what they had permission for . it 's total madness . ' architecturally i think there is nothing to complain about . the flats look nice , it 's not aggressive to look at . ' but architect david hadfield claimed the building was 1.5ft higher and just under three feet wider in some places than the approved plans . he said : ' late in the design process the building’s insurers insisted on the introduction of a steel frame which resulted in the increase in width , and improved noise separation increased floor thicknesses adding to the height . ' planning permission for the development at 43 upper oldfield park was granted in 2009 following three rejections since 2007 . planning permission for the development at 43 upper oldfield park was granted in 2009 following three rejections since 2007 . bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a ' breach of planning control ' and ordered the building ( right ) to be bulldozed . the average price of a two-bedroom flat in the area is £289,000 , meaning the 14 flats would be worth at least £3.9million on the open market . in october last year - as the building neared completion - residents complained that it differed from the approved plans . bath and north east somerset council halted construction and ordered landmark development to apply for retrospective permission . planning officers said they thought the work was ' acceptable ' and said permission should be granted . but the council 's development control committee disagreed and rejected the proposals on april 17 , giving the developer six months to demolish the building . architect david hadfield submitted this drawing of the development showing the approved height and width in grey and the existing building in bold . the committee said it felt the development was ' harmful ' to the character and appearance of the conservation area . landmark development is appealing against the decision and a meeting will be held next week . marc willis , who is the developer 's planning consultant , described the council 's decision as ' unreasonable ' . he said : ' the report suggests the complete demolition and it must be done within six months . the developer is very concerned and is doing everything to stop it . ' the planning officers said the plans were okay , but the council said no . the idea that they have ignored the officers is just wrong . ' we have been in constant dialogue with the council . demolition goes well beyond what is needed to remedy the issue . ' there are 14 flats which should be on the market now , but you ca n't move in without planning permission . it is an expensive and unnecessary position to be in . ' if the council followed its officers , we would n't find ourselves in this situation . there would be significant work to do , but we consider a demolition is unreasonable . '