england have finally arrived home from turin after their delayed flight landed at manchester airport following tuesday night 's 1-1 draw with italy . the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay . stopping in manchester for the side 's northern-based players and staff before moving on to london , players from manchester united , manchester city , everton , liverpool , aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the barclays premier league this weekend . michael carrick ( left ) and wayne rooney ( right ) lead the northern-based england players off the flight home . england 's plane landed in manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff , including carrick and rooney ( left ) and gary neville ( right ) to disembark after the draw with italy in turin . jordan henderson makes his way down the steps from england 's delayed flight home from turin . everton pair phil jones ( left ) and ross barkley ( right ) will be back into training ahead of facing southampton . the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy on tuesday night but their flight home was delayed . wayne rooney , joe hart , chris smalling , phil jones , ross barkley , phil jagielka , jordan henderson , michael carrick , fabian delph and jack butland were among the party leaving the plane in manchester . andros townsend was england 's hero on tuesday night , equalising with 11 minutes to play at the juventus stadium after southampton 's graziano pelle had opened the scoring for the hosts . townsend along with his tottenham team-mates ryan mason , harry kane and kyle walker touched down at luton airport on wednesday afternoon as they said their goodbyes to chelsea defender gary cahill and southampton 's nathaniel clyne . hodgson 's squad next meet up at the end of the club season in june for their dublin friendly against republic of ireland and a trip to slovenia that should see them reinforce their position as comfortable leaders at the top of european championship qualifying group e . england hero andros townsend ( right ) gets off the plane at luton airport on wednesday with nathaniel clyne . the pair were joined by tottenham trio ryan mason ( left ) , harry kane ( centre ) and kyle walker . kane says his goodbyes to international team-mate gary cahill at luton airport on wednesday afternoon . jagielka shakes hands with henderson as the merseyside rivals head back to their respective clubs . chris smalling was substituted on tuesday night with illness but did not have to be escorted from the plane . goalkeeper joe hart will be heading back to manchester city ahead of their trip to crystal palace on monday . after a difficult start to the game in turin , england finished positively with barkley one of the stadn-out performers . the everton midfielder has had a difficult season but once again showed his potential to reach the top in an england shirt . ' ross is a terrific player , ' rooney said afterwards . ' he is a terrific young player and i think he can have an impact when he comes on . ' he did that , he took the ball , he ran at the italian defenders and made it difficult for them . ' hopefully , he can kick on now for the rest of the season . ' phil jones started in midfield but moved into defence where he will play for manchester united this weekend . everton midfielder barkley will be hoping he can raise his club form to match his tuesday performance . andros townsend celebrates his equaliser with his england team-mates at the juventus stadium on tuesday .