a leader of the now outlawed muslim brotherhood has had his death sentence confirmed by a cairo court this weekend . mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people , including an american-egyptian citizen were jailed for life . the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 . scroll down for video . upheld : egyptian muslim brotherhood leader mohamed badie , pictured at a trial earlier this year , has had his death sentence confirmed by a cairo judge . judge mohamed nagy shehata , known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the muslim brotherhood , also sentenced two islamists who have fled the country to death . among those sentenced to life in prison is mohamed soltan , an american-egyptian man who has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months . soltan 's family called for mohamed 's immediate release in a statement after the verdict , charging that there was no evidence against him . his father salah soltan was among the 14 detainees sentenced to death . the u.s. embassy in cairo said in a statement that it was ' gravely concerned ' about mohamed soltan and would ' continue to monitor his case closely and to provide him with all possible support . ' sentenced : egyptian muslim brotherhood leader badie ( front ) and his fellow defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 . ruling : egyptian judge mohammed nagi shehata reads the verdicts in a cases in cairo , on saturday . the rulings can be appealed before the court of cassation , which has overturned dozens of other death sentences , including against badie . so far egypt has executed one islamist sentenced to death after morsi 's overthrow , following his conviction of involvement in the murder of a youth during violent protests in july 2013 . judge shehata read out a koranic verse that stipulates amputation and crucifixion for outlaws , before rendering his verdict on saturday . at a previous session , he had sought the opinion of the country 's mufti , the islamic legal authority who has an advisory role under egyptian law , on the death sentences . known as the ' rabaa operations room ' case , the prosecution accused the defendants of organising months of unrest and protests against the ouster of morsi , a senior brotherhood figure himself now on trial . the rabaa al-adawiya protest camp in cairo was dispersed by police on august 14 , 2013 in a 12-hour operation that left hundreds of protesters and about 10 policemen dead . supporters of egypt 's ousted president mohamed morsi stand their ground as egyptian security forces move in to disperse them by force from the rabaa al-adawiya protest camp in cairo in august 2013 . mohamed soltan was shot in the arm during the dispersal , and he was arrested days later as police hunted down islamist activists who had fled the protest camp . police moved in to disperse the camp after weeks of failed european and us-brokered negotiations with the brotherhood , who publicly insisted on morsi 's return . the islamist was the country 's first freely elected president and he ruled only for a year before the army toppled him , spurred by massive protests demanding his resignation . president abdel fattah al-sisi , the former army chief who toppled morsi and then won an election , has pledged to eradicate the brotherhood . the government has blacklisted the movement as a terrorist organisation amid a spike in militant attacks that have killed dozens of policemen and soldiers . the deadliest attacks have been claimed by jihadists in the sinai peninsula and in cairo , and the brotherhood insists it is committed to non-violence . but decapitated and driven underground , the islamist movement is believed to have radicalised with members adopting militant tactics against policemen .