blackpool marked their relegation into sky bet league one with a 1-1 draw against reading , but the fireworks were restricted to outside of bloomfield road as long-suffering supporters held protests against seasiders chairman karl oyston . the tangerines ' demotion into the third tier was finally confirmed on easter monday and that triggered pre-match public displays of fury from fans at the oyston family 's handling of the club on tuesday . dozens of supporters gathered outside the west stand 45 minutes before kick-off and hurled eggs at the back of the directors ' boxes before a flare , smoke bomb and firework were tossed into the cordoned-off area in front of the main reception area . jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead against reading on tuesday night . but defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark disappointed . yakubu tussles with costa rica international jose cubero , who enjoyed a rare start for blackpool . blackpool : lewis ( parish 73 ) ; hall ( maher 50 ) , clarke , o'dea , dunne ; cubero , o'hara , perkins , orlandi ( osavi-samuel 78 ) , jacobs ; madine . goal : o'hara ( pen , 6 ) . booked : o'hara . reading : federici ; gunter , pearce , knight , obita ; mccleary ( mackie 45 ) , ake , norwood , robson-kanu ; yakubu ( cox 78 ) , appiah ( pogrebnyak 45 ) . goal : hall ( og , 46 ) . ref : g. eltringham . att : 9,614 . with stewards and police present , the scenes did not descend into violence but the message delivered from those in attendance was clear - they want oyston to depart a team that this week became the first in the football league to be relegated . on the pitch , jamie o'hara 's early penalty was cancelled out by grant hall 's unfortunate own goal just 20 seconds after the restart as the basement-dwelling seasiders ' winless run was extended to 13 games . some of the supporters who congregated in front of the west stand did not even walk into a half-empty stadium for the game and they missed their side taking a sixth-minute lead . zat knight got the wrong side of sheffield wednesday loanee gary madine and tripped him from behind , allowing o'hara to step up and stroke the resulting penalty into the corner as adam federici guessed the wrong way . blackpool fans gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against the oyston family . blackpool 's main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before their game with reading . a fan walks out of a fish and chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . the cut-up pitch arguably denied the hosts a second as the ball bobbled away from david perkins , who had orchestrated a three-on-two break , on the edge of the royals ' penalty area . winger michael jacobs then blasted into the side-netting from 25 yards as blackpool entered the interval with a one-goal lead . that disappeared 20 seconds after the restart , though , when the royals made a lightning start to the second period . pavel pogrebnyak made inroads down the left flank and he squared for yakubu , whose shot back across goal smashed against the unfortunate hall before going over the line . hall stayed on the turf and after woozily returning to his feet , he was replaced by niall maher . perkins bent an effort narrowly past a post but joe lewis and federici remained largely untroubled , as did blackpool substitute elliot parish when he replaced an injured lewis , with pogrebnyak 's header off target the closest either side came to a winner . the result leaves lee clark 's side on 25 points , still one point shy of the lowest points tally ever accumulated by a team in the second tier when there have been 24 teams competing .