few people can fail be wowed by technicolor butterfly wings that ' sparkle ' in the sunlight . and now a photographer has captured the finer details of these iridescent insects in stunning clarity , including the rainbow scales of their delicate wings . some look like exotic bird feathers and colourful ribbon , while others resemble jagged autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges . scroll down for video . these stunning pictures show the finer details of a butterfly 's wing in stunning clarity , including their rainbow scales . as well as the beautiful colours , they show the layout of individual scales , which give the insect its iridescence . this image shows the wing of a sunset moth . the photos were shot by linden gledhill from staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern . his photographs show the pretty insects’ scale-covered wings . butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , which gives them their greek order name of lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings . each scale is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens , reds and iridescence are created by the microstructure of the scales , rather than pigments themselves . some of the scales look like exotic bird feathers , while others resemble autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges , such as this beautiful image of a detached scale from a tiger swallowtail . the tiny scales combine to give the striking colouration of the eastern tiger swallowtail ( stock image ) . it is a species of swallowtail butterfly native to eastern north america and is one of the most familiar butterflies in the eastern us , where it is common in many different habitats . each scale of a butterfly is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens , reds and iridescence ( pictured ) are created by the microstructure of the scales , rather than pigments . a papilio blumei fruhstorferi wing is shown . the brighter colours on some butterflies are created thanks to the scattering of light by the scales , such as these jagged examples , which are papilio ulysees butterfly scales . in fact , each scale has multiple layers which are separated by air , so when light hits them it 's reflected many times and the combination of these reflections causes us to see the intense yellows and blues of many butterfly species . the brighter colours are created thanks to the scattering of light by the scales , which are layered in different patterns on top of each other . in fact , each scale has multiple layers which are separated by air , so when light hits them it 's reflected many times and the combination of these reflections causes us to see the intense yellows and blues of many butterfly species . some butterflies even reflect ultraviolet light , which is unable to be seen by humans . the ability of monarch butterflies to detect ultraviolet light helps them on their annual migration from north america to mexico , for example . mr gledhill said : ' i 've always taken macro photographs of insects , moths and butterflies . i have a lifelong interest in exploring the world beyond what the unaided human eye can see . ‘ this led me to use research quality microscopes and combining the two skills . ’ he uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with neo s-plan objectives , or attachments , and takes the photographs using a canon eos 5d mark ii , which is fitted to the top of the microscope . the microscope has also been modified by adding a stackshot stepping motor and controller to drive the focusing control , meaning very small steps can be made in the focusing stage . mr gledhill said : ' i 've always taken macro photographs of insects , moths and butterflies . i have a lifelong interest in exploring the world beyond what the unaided human eye can see . ' this close-up image shows scales on the wings of the monarch butterfly . mr gledhill imaged the madagascan sunset moth 's wings in minute detail . the moth ( pictured left ) flies during the day and is considered one of the most impressive and appealing-looking lepidopterans . he also captured the wings of the monarch butterfly ( stock image shown right ) , which is the most familiar north american butterfly species . he uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with neo s-plan objectives , or attachments , and takes the photographs using a canon eos 5d mark ii . this camera is fitted to the top of the microscope . overlapping pale blue scales are pictured . the depth of field in a single microscope image is too small to see the whole of the butterfly in one image , so mr gledhill takes up to 200 separate images spaced by one micron intervals to capture the creatures . these images are then combined into a single imaging using focus stacking software , resulting in pictures that are sharp and in full focus . ' the pictures are stunningly beautiful and they make me realise how lucky i am to be able to capture the intricate structure of butterflies , ’ mr gledhill continued . ' often people think they are fabric and appear very surprised when they find out they are the scales which look like dust which they remember experiencing when they touched a butterfly as a child . ' the depth of field in a single microscope image is too small to see the whole of the butterfly in one image , so mr gledhill takes up to 200 separate images spaced by one micron intervals to capture the creatures , before carefully combining the shots . this image shows the wing of salamis parhassus - known as the ' forest mother of pearl - a butterfly that lives in forests in africa .