as manager of rangers , stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players . growing up watching leeds united , he was less forgiving . ' i remember terry yorath and ray hankin coming in for stick , ' he recalled . ' as a teenager i used to get into fights because of it . ' i remember standing at the back of leeds kop , maybe i was 15 or 16 year old and yorath and hankin were getting booed . terry yorath had just taken over from billy bremner and it was boooooo… . rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters . lee mcculloch , the rangers captain , was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers . mccall hopes that for the time that he is manager of rangers , mcculloch will be the last player to get booed . ' they had a song for ray hankin and it went : ' ray hankin , ray hankin ' and half of them would then shout : 's**t ' and this is while he was warming up for the game . ' that 's when i got into fights , with the people shouting s**t . ' tell me , how 's that going to help any individual when that 's the reaction to their name just being read out ? ' those sour memories returned last weekend when rangers skipper lee mcculloch was the object of frustration from the ibrox stands . culpable for a raith rovers goal , the veteran defender suffered the embarrassment of being booed by his own supporters . he was hardly the first to suffer that fate . so long as mccall remains manager of rangers – an unknown currently – he hopes mcculloch will be the last . ' i 've no problem with a team being booed off at half time or full time , that 's fine . people pay their money . ' but i think the individual thing is not on . it was sad to hear last week . ' the good thing was that within minutes of it happening most of the supporters actually turned it round and he was getting backing again . ' we were losing 2-0 and i think people thought : ' you know what , we need to help the team . ' it spun itself round and then the majority of the supporters were clapping . ' if it had n't turned itself round , i do n't think we would 've got back in the game . ' in the west of scotland , grown men rarely express their feelings . to sympathise would only have drawn attention to the captain 's predicament . mcculloch has made no reference to the incident to mccall and vice versa . ' he just wants to get on with it , ' added the manager . ' there 's not a lot you can say anyway . ' i remember a situation with michael higdon at motherwell . i had to put out a message saying : ' lay off . ' he ended up with 27 goals and player of the year . ' it does n't help anybody if a player is booed . yes , we all understand and accept frustration in the stands . but booing one of your own players is n't going to help . ' i fully accept that when you boo your team at half time and full time that 's everyone 's prerogative . but it 's certainly not going to help anyone by scapegoating an individual . ' is it going to make him feel good and feel like he 's going to flourish or is he going to go into himself ? surely that 's common sense . ' should mcculloch play against hearts at tynecastle on saturday– and the indications are he will – the defiant , thrawn streak in away supporters will no doubt prompt a different response . such is the must-win nature of the game and the raucous gorgie atmosphere that an exaggerated show of support is likely . mccall expects the 36-year-old - a strong , experienced footballer - to be fine . ' lee has a leadership mentally and he has been about . it 's good he 's not one of the younger ones . ' he 's had highs and lows and he 's been there and seen it and represented rangers terrifically well in his career . ' hopefully that 's it and , although it happened , the overriding feeling for me was that other supporters turned it on its head and that made it better . ' the need for rangers to find some unity at tynecastle is obvious enough . they must beat champions hearts and hope hibs – yet to beat falkirk this season – show the mental fragility many now regard as their trademark . if rangers do attain second place , it means two less play-off games . perhaps more importantly it also avoids another trip to the artificial pitch of queen of the south where they have already lost 2-0 and 3-0 this season . ' whoever gets queen of the south will have a hard game , ' said mccall . ' we lost down there twice , but we did beat them once at ibrox and drew with them , too . ' if we have to go down there , we would be confident because we would have to play them at a full ibrox as well , which would give everyone a huge lift . ' they have done really well and had two good results against us , but if we play queen of the south and hibs - or just hibs - they will be tough games . ' we 've obviously got to win to get second and that 's what we 'll try to do . obviously , there is a slight advantage to finishing second with playing two less games . but when it comes down to it , you are just going to have win football games . mcculloch is in line to play for rangers against league leaders hearts at the weekend . mccall questioned whether fans booing their own players has any positive impact upon the team . ' if we manage to win at hearts and hibs do n't win , there will be no great celebrations from our point of view because we wo n't have achieved anything . ' we 've got into the play-offs but , either way , all the hard work is in front of us . ' we 're aiming to win on saturday , we think we can win , but i just really want a good , strong performance to go into the play-offs . ' 