no matter how young or old we are , most of us experience the odd memory lapse . perhaps it will be forgetting where you put the car keys , or what you went to get from upstairs . thankfully , these moments pass . but for those with dementia there is no such relief . imagine what it 's like being unable to recall what you 'd done an hour before . or not remembering how to navigate around your own house or the names of your nearest and dearest . or knowing what everyday things are for , such as a fridge . today , in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to help minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible . scroll down for video . older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . things that sabotage your memory . getting overtired : if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia . recently , scientists have found out why . during deep sleep , brain waves move memories from the hippocampus - the area of the brain that is involved in short-term memory - to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long-term memories are stored . if this does n't happen , short-term memories get overwritten with new ones and the consequence is forgetfulness , according to researchers at the university of california , berkeley . it is a common misconception that we need less sleep as we get older - in fact we need just as much , the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep . getting a good night 's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia , especially those with alzheimer 's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns . quite why this happens is not understood , but it may be related to the impact the condition has on the brain . but there are steps that can make it easier . one of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day ( this becomes harder to avoid as dementia becomes more advanced ) . catnapping makes it both harder to fall asleep at night and more likely you 'll wake up earlier than desired . other steps include avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening . a regular bedtime is also important as this gives the body the cues it needs to feel sleepy at set times , making it easier to fall asleep . although many people believe a nightcap will help them sleep , alcohol is counter-productive and tends to make you wake in the night . it is a diuretic and , therefore , you are likely to wake up needing to go to the loo . it is also known to reduce the amount of the night you spend in deep , restorative sleep . regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus . eating too much junk food : cakes , chips and biscuits wo n't just impact on the waistline - they can adversely affect your memory , too . recent research has found that regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus . scientists at the university of new south wales , australia , found that eating these foods every day caused inflammation in the brain after just one week . the work was done on rats , but it is thought the principle could extend to humans . smoking : many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain . one study , from king 's college london , analysed 8,000 over-50s and found that smokers performed worst in memory tests , learning ability and reasoning . why this happens is thought to be linked to the fact that smoking reduces the amount of oxygen that reaches the brain . those who have smoked have also been shown to have greater overall shrinkage of the brain . not ' using it ' : when someone is diagnosed with dementia , they often start to withdraw from their normal hobbies and activities . yet to retain your mental ability and memory skills for as long as possible you need to keep the brain stimulated . think of it this way : just as our bodies need physical exercise in order to stay as strong as possible so , too , do our brains . it 's a tried-and-tested principle : for example , a review of 15 studies by the respected cochrane library looked at the benefits of a variety of activities designed to stimulate the brain and promote memory such as word games , puzzles , listening to music and practical activities such as baking and indoor gardening . the studies involved 718 participants with dementia - some took part in these activities and others did not . after between one and three months those who 'd taken part in the brain stimulating and practical activities did better on cognitive function tests than those who did not . tips to help with a failing memory . a failing short-term memory is a characteristic of dementia and can make it difficult to cope with day-to-day life . the following strategies may help : one of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . have set meal times , as these are easier to remember - and write them down on a whiteboard to help recall what time is meal time . the mediterranean type of diet may be most beneficial as it 's been shown to maintain the health of the blood vessels , and keeping a healthy circulation is key for people with dementia as it ensures a healthy flow of blood to the brain . try to include oily fish such as trout , salmon or mackerel three times a week : the latest research suggests this is a good way to stop brain shrinkage . these fish contain omega-3 fatty acids and research has found that people with the highest level of these have less shrinkage in the hippocampus , the area associated with memory . to confirm a diagnosis of dementia or to access specialist services , a gp can refer a patient to a memory clinic . normally , these are based either at a community clinic or at a hospital . they will have a team of psychologist nurses and doctors . as well as running tests that can help provide a diagnosis , they co-ordinate a range of services to help the dementia patient . for example , all clinics will offer cognitive stimulation therapy . this takes the form of group activities and exercises the patient is invited to attend twice a week for seven weeks . these activities could involve word games or even singing and have been found to help improve language skills and comprehension . each session lasts for about 45 minutes . you can not simply attend a clinic - you need to be referred . typically , there is a four-to-six week wait after referral for an appointment . if the patient is too infirm or incapacitated to attend , most clinics can offer a home assessment by one of the community mental health team . do it in chronological order . having a history of their life can help them remember and , as the condition progresses this book may also be useful to bring out to show them if they seem distressed . asking the person with dementia to reminisce and recall stories about the people or events shown in the pictures can also be a good way to ' use it ' . dr souter is a retired gp and fellow of the royal college of general practitioners . adapted by lucy elkins from your guide to understanding and dealing with dementia by dr keith souter , published by summersdale , £8.99 . order at www.mailbookshop.co.uk , or call 0808 2720808 , p & p is free for a limited time only .