three men accused of being agents of the syrian government have been executed in a shocking new video , islamic state has claimed . the barbaric footage , released earlier today , shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in deir ez-zor , syria , as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them . it comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya . each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in the war-torn street before they are beheaded . the harrowing video shows the sword used to kill the men being forged and sharpened for the executions . the three men were accused of being assad agents , working for the syrian governmment , say isis . the new eight-minute video shows the men - wearing orange guantanamo-style jumpsuits with their hands and feet in chains - sitting in a dirty , underground room . after giving information about each of the prisoners in arabic , the men are blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van while an isis militant decked in black guards over them . when the van stops , the barefoot captives are escorted out and begin to march slowly down an abandoned street , surrounded by fighters holding guns . the professionally-shot film pans the scene - showing buildings irreparably damaged by bombing - before phasing into a picture of the executioner 's sword being sharpened before the brutal executions . one by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter , who is dressed completely in black and unidentifiable . their bodies are left on the road . initial reports suggested the extremist group targeted the men because they worked for the syrian regime . but they did not confirm who the men - thought to be aged between 35 and 45 - were or when the execution took place . the prisoners were filmed barefoot and in shackles in an unknown prison at the start of the sick video . they were then blindfolded and transported in a van to the execution point - thought to be deir ez-zo in syria . sparks fly from the sword as it is sharpened , before being used to behead the men in a brutal execution . one by one the men are murdered . the body of one of the men can been seen after he was beheaded . it is the latest footage released by the militant group , which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters . yesterday a 29-minute video , titled ' until it came to them - clear evidence ' , showed dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive in libya . it showed at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ' followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , being shot in a desert area while 12 others were beheaded on a beach . in february a similar video was released showing the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on a beach in libya . the helpless men were kept under a close watch by their isis captives . videos of this nature - often professionally shot - are used by the militant group as propaganda to attract other would-be jihadi fighters . the bodies of each of the helpless men , thought to be aged between 35 and 45 , were then left on the road . one of the victims , flanked by two fighters in black , can be seen being led down the abandoned syrian road . isis has taken over large sections of iraq and isis and carried out multiple public executions similar to this . the battle against islamic state amid a protracted civil war in syria is thought to have already claimed the lives of more than 200,000 people . isis has destroyed churches and christian shrines in the country . they also demanded that christians living under its rule pay a ' special tax ' known as jizya . fighters from the kurdish people 's protection units ( ypg ) have been on the offensive and a large area is now divided between kurdish and is control . the extremist group has been able to gain a foothold amid chaos in libya and is also advancing in iraq .