former rangers manager walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox - but he maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding . mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in the scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs after taking over from reluctant caretaker kenny mcdowall . mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after handing in his notice following three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge under the chaotic reigns of the likes of craig whyte and then charles green and his allies . but his failure to win a cup competition and his team 's style of play drew serious criticism . walter smith ( right ) spent two spells in charge as manager of rangers and has hailed stuart mccall 's impact . smith ( right ) attended a john hartson foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness . smith was chairman for some of that period after accepting green 's offer to join the board - a decision he soon regretted - and insists the club was too badly run to ensure true success on the park . smith , who was attending a john hartson foundation golf day to help raise money for testicular cancer awareness , said : ' the guys worked with me for four-and-a-half years there and did a great job for the club , and i was hoping they would get a good opportunity . ' i got great support from sir david murray but it 's not turned out that they have had the same support from the people who have been running the club . so it has been very difficult for them to show what they can do . ' that 's the crux of the matter , it 's the circumstances they have been in that have caused them as much trouble as anything else . ' i 'd be very surprised if anybody could show me a club that is n't well run , that are doing really well . ' the problems have been well documented and now they have got to concentrate on doing what they do , and that 's rangers getting back to the premiership first and foremost and then trying to settle into a position where they can get back to being a winning team . ' mccall played under smith for seven seasons , winning six titles in the process , and the 67-year-old was pleased to see the former motherwell boss take over , despite his pain at the exits of former assistants mccoist and mcdowall . mccall was appointed rangers manager in march until the summer as a replacement for kenny mcdowall . ' i 'm not happy to see it because it cost friends of mine their job , ' he said . ' but that happens in football and when other people take over i am obviously pleased to see stuart take over and i hope he does really well . ' he has been brave enough to take the job until the end of the season . if he gets promotion , he will put himself in a very good position to get the job on a more permanent basis . ' he has gone in there and got a reaction . that happens in football . it has happened to me and a whole load of other managers , when you leave and someone else comes in , they get a reaction . rangers have won five out of nine scottish championship matches since mccall 's arrival at ibrox . ' performances have been brighter and hopefully he will keep that going until the end of the season . ' however , smith has warned that rangers fans might have to be patient in their desire to see the club competing at the very top of scottish football , despite power now lying in the hands of the likes of paul murray and dave king following last month 's general meeting . ' i 'm obviously happy to see everything at the club settling down , ' the former scotland boss said . ' the lack of headlines would indicate that 's the case . ' the people that are running the club are just getting their feet under the table and finding out what they have to do to move the club forward . i think that 's to be expected at this stage . smith did , however , open up about ally mccoist 's departure and admitted it was n't easy to see . ' it will obviously take a bit of time but they will be able to handle that aspect of it . everyone who is there now is there for the football club and that 's a big , big thing . ' to be fair , when i was involved on the rangers board , it would have been different from any other boardroom never mind anything else . ' i have been fortunate enough to be at rangers for a long time and be there at successful times and it 's not a period i can look back on with any great pleasure . ' 