when father-of-three sean mccabe got the devastating news that he had just two months to live he set about organising the funeral - choosing the music and even booking the church . but in an extraordinary twist his cancer went into remission and he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee lisa williams . mr mccabe , 30 , of tonyrefail , south wales , even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them once he had died after he was told he had stage four hodgkin lymphoma . scroll down for video . sean mccabe planned his own funeral after he was told he had just two months to live , but after making a recovery he was told he was in remission and has rebooked the church for his wedding to lisa williams ( left ) . ' when the doctors said my chances of survival were slim , all i could think about was lisa and the kids . i did n't know how they would cope without me , ' said mr mccabe , a security guard . ' planning my funeral seemed like a way of easing the strain for them , as it would be one less ordeal for them to deal with . ' the father-of-three was diagnosed with cancer in june 2013 , then aged 28 , and was started on an intensive chemotherapy course . he was given the all-clear in september but just two months later told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form . he was expected to live for eight weeks . mr mccabe was told his cancer had returned aggressively and is pictured after chemotherapy in 2014 . doing all he could to cope with his diagnosis , mr mccabe booked st david 's church for his funeral , in late january 2014 . he instructed miss williams to ensure his favourite song , ' who you are ' by jessie j was played , and ordered mourners not to wear black . as preparations got underway he picked the site for his family to scatter his ashes , and penned a heart-wrenching letter to be read to his children after his death , telling them : ' i do n't want to leave you or mammy , but i have n't got an option . ' but he managed to make a remarkable recovery and was told his cancer is now in remission . he said : ' a year ago i was planning my funeral at that church , and now i 'm planning our wedding there . the father-of-three ( centre ) made a miraculous recovery and is pictured with his family ( from left to right ) sumer mccabe , 8 , lisa williams , 30 , asia mccabe , 7 , and kian mccabe , 12 . mr mccabe wrote a note to this three children to be read out to them by their mother after he died . ' when lisa walks down the aisle with our children as page boy and flower girls i 'll be fighting back tears , because we could have been in that church under very different circumstances . ' he is now due to marry miss williams july 25 , surrounded by their three children kian , 11 , eight-year-old summer and asia , six . the couple have been together for 12 years . miss williams said : ' it 's been a real rollercoaster ride , but i 'm thrilled to finally being married to the man of my dreams . ' he may have planned his own funeral , but i will definitely not let him plan the wedding all on his own . ' mr mccabe is pictured with miss williams before he got ill ( left ) , and in december 2012 with his son kian , just before he began to feel pain and went to his gp . in december 2013 mr mccabe was told he had a 20 per cent chance of survival ( left ) . the next year he was undergoing chemotherapy and about to have a bone marrow transplant ( right ) after the cancer returned . mr mccabe has revealed the contents of the letter he wrote to this three children . it said : ' to kian , summer , asia , the most amazing children . ' you have given me the best years of my life . now i want you to know daddy loves you and you will always be in my thoughts . ' i do n't want to leave you or mammy , but i have n't got an option . mr mccabe , 30 , said he is looking forward to marrying his long term partner lisa williams ( left ) . in december 2014 mr mccabe was recovering and had been told his cancer was now in remission . mr mccabe 's fiancee and three children went out to celebrate his cancer being in remission in december 2014 . ' daddy has to you to heaven and you might not see me , but i will be watching over you always . ' i want you to be happy because that makes me happy . ' now turn that frown upside down and be big and brave for daddy , ok. xxxxxxxxxx . ' and kian my handsome boy , look after your two sisters for me and mammy . for me , butty . love you all always and forever and ever . daddy . ' 