she 's the benefits street resident who wants to become britain 's next top supermodel . and now sherrell dillion has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition . however , the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless . scroll down for video . sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact that she is currently homeless . sherrell starred on benefits street alongside white dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star . sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road , which is adjacent to where the show was filmed in james turner street , winson green . she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth . but a real life rags-to-riches story could still unfold for sherrell as she has now won a place in the final of modelling competition top model of colour uk . she added : ' winning a place in the final is a huge thing for me . it is a massive competition and past winners have gone on to big things . ' she continued : ' i 'm a single mum who wants to do the very best for her kids . i have been striving for a career in modelling for many years and i hope this will be the big break for me . ' in a series of new photos sherrill poses which her hair styled over her forehead in a white and orange dress . sherrell dillion poses against a lamp-post wearing a pair of high heels and showing off her long toned legs . her plight is a far cry from that of white dee , who is said to be close to making her first £1million after becoming a break-out star of the controversial documentary series . yet sherrell , who has brought up her children terrell , 10 , and kiwi , five , on her own , wishes her former neighbour nothing but the best . she said : ' while white dee has enjoyed a lot of success , it never really took off for me . ' but dee still keeps in touch and gives me advice . i am not jealous of her , she 's a lovely woman and i wish her all the success in the world . ' but i would like to have used the show to have bettered myself . i hoped things would take off for me as well . ' sherrell shows off her long limbs as she poses on the wall outside of her house . sherrell at home with one of her children who she raises on her own . she added : ' i recently became homeless after the house i was living in became infested with mice . the last straw was when i saw a mouse jump out of a cereal packet . ' i just took my kids out of there and i have n't been back . i am now living in temporary accommodation in handsworth while i find a permanent home . ' sherrell , a former takeaway worker , always dreamed of being a model and was scouted at the age of 22 but then suffered an ectopic pregnancy that left her bedridden for months . the final of top model of colour uk takes place on may 30 at the grand connaught rooms in the heart of the west end . previous winners have bee signed by major mainstream modelling agencies and graced some of the top magazines in the world . the winner will receive a modelling contract , jewellery , clothes and shoes as well as other prizes .