famed for phenomenal cuisine , majestic rural landscapes and vibrant cities , vietnam offers an undisputed sensory overload . but there 's one sight the becomes most engrained in the memories of even the most seasoned traveller - the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter . lee thompson 's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company . but even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle , and on one of his company's vietnam & cambodia tours with a group of nine this month he was compelled to capture some of the finest . there 's seemingly no measure to what can be packed onto the back of a bike or scooter in southeast asia . the flash pack 's lee thompson captured this man with scores of live chickens in weaved baskets this month in sapa , vietnam . that 's one way to pop a wheelie ! a man pulls a packed trailer from a loading dock at the mekong river crossing in vietnam with a motorbike . in this series of images from a single 14-day trip , he photographs a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying what looks like more than 20 live chickens in woven cages perched on the back of his scooter in sapa , vietnam . at a mekong river crossing in vietnam he is there to watch a motorcyclist dragging a massive trailer out of a boat loading dock on a bike , with the load so heavy he continuously pops wheelies , all the while not in the slightest bit bothered his two wheels have become one . thompson enjoys the fact that what looks quirky to a brit is simply every day life for the locals . in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters , most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country 's peak hours look tame . ' unlike other tour companies we venture in to remote parts of sapa where it 's not unusual to see bikes carrying livestock like chickens , pigs and goats - it makes really great photographs but it 's just a way of life for the locals , ' said thompson . in phnom penh , the capital of cambodia , all that 's needed to move some large piles of chairs is two wheels and some clever packing . getting around on two wheels is a way of life in vietnam where there are more than 37 million motorbikes ( and only a few million cars ) . ' i watched as one of the bikers tried to work out how he would carry eight goats on his bike , he fell three times before he finally got going and the goats did n't seem to happy about it ! ' a family of five and a smiling group of four adults pile onto scooters to get from a to b while another transport a giant pile of chairs stacked on a tray from one side of the city to the other with the power of just his humble two-wheeler . with limited resources comes innovation , as is evident with one mother who has attached a cane high chair to the front of her vehicle to make it more comfortable for her to transport her toddler around town in ho chi minh city , vietnam . ' hanoi and ho chi minh are full of bikes and it makes the morning commute in london seem easy , ' thompson said . ' even though most of our group was very well travelled the amount of bikes on the road still comes as a shock in these amazing countries - it 's crazy ! ' a mother fits a high chair is onto the front of a scooter for her toddler in this shot captured in ho chi minh city , vietnam . a bike that 's seen better days carrying pigs is not an unusual sight on the road to ho chi minh , vietnam , says thompson . a family drive is a cosy affair for this five-some packed onto a scooter in hanoi . the man on the back of this scooter in hanoi , vietnam , holds a ladder and some building materials as they weave their way through traffic . thompson says the eight goats in the cage on the back on this bike ' did n't seem happy ' as the rider tipped them over three times . the commute in vietnam makes the daily battle on the tube that londoners endure look easy , but they do n't seem to mind . the morning commute in ho chi minh city is certainly less stuffy than piling into the tube on a monday morning . and here are some more unique uses for scooters ... an assortment of exotic fish are in bags and ready for sale , cleverly attached to this man 's scooter , in hแบก long bay , vietnam . a basket vendor balances an array of products on the back of this small motorised bike in ho chi minh city , vietnam . there 's only one way to transport a bike that is n't working in vietnam ... on the back of one of the country 's 37 million bikes or scooters . 