famed for its crystal clear waters and white sand beaches , a slice of paradise in the turks and caicos has been named the best island in the world . providenciales has a reputation as one of the best beach destinations on the planet , and is adding to its trophy haul after claiming the top gong in tripadvisor’s annual ranking . the caribbean island , north-east of cuba , was tops in the website’s travellers’ choice awards for 2015 , edging maui in hawaii and roatan in honduras . scroll down for video . the caribbean island of providenciales , in turks and caicos , was named the best island in the world by tripadvisor users . providenciales , which is home to about 20,000 people , consistently ranks as one of the world 's best islands or beach destinations . with golden beaches and rugged mountains , maui , the second largest island in hawaii , was named the second best island in the world .  best islands in the world : 1 . providenciales , turks and caicos . 2 . maui , hawaii . 3 . roatan , honduras . 4 . santorini , greece . 5 . ko tao , thailand . 6 . madeira , portugal . 7 . bali , indonesia . 8 . mauritius . 9 . bora bora , french polynesia . 10 . fernando de noronha , brazil . best islands in europe : 1 . santorini , greece . 2 . madeira , portugal . 3 . crete , greece . 4 . zakynthos , greece . 5 . fuerteventura , spain . 6 . jersey , channel islands . 7 . mallorca , spain . 8 . capri , italy . 9 . tenerife , spain . 10 . corsica , france . tripadvisor said the rankings are based on reviews from users around the world , with winners being determined using an algorithm that considers the quantity and quality of reviews and ratings for each island’s hotels , restaurants and attractions . rounding out the top five were santorini in greece , which was named the best island in europe , and ko tao in thailand . madeira , portugal was europe’s only other entry in the top 10 , ranking sixth ahead of bali in indonesia , mauritius , bora bora in the south pacific and brazil’s fernando de noronha . no island in the uk or australia managed to crack the global top 10 . located just north of the mainland in the caribbean sea , roatan is the largest of the bay islands in honduras . europe 's best island , according to tripadvisor users , is santorini , greece , which was also named fourth best in the world . the small town of oia is famous for buildings that are painted white and churches with their domes painted blue . thailand 's ko tao , named the fifth best island in the world , is located west of the mainland in the gulf of thailand . in the european top five , santorini was followed by madeira , the greek islands of crete and zakynthos , and fuerteventura in spain’s canary islands . jersey , a self-governing british crown dependency , was named the sixth best island in europe – finishing ahead of mallorca and tenerife , two of britons’ favourites – and the top island in the uk and channel islands category . scotland was the biggest winner in the domestic category , claiming four spots in the top 10 . the isle of arran , isle of skye , mainland orkney , and lewis and harris were awarded fourth , fifth , sixth and eighth places , respectively . in a statement , a spokesperson for the visit jersey tourist bureau said : ‘ we are thrilled to learn that jersey has been voted number one island in the travellers’ choice awards for islands uk and channel islands category . ‘ not only are we top in the uk but more notably were also voted the sixth best island in the whole of europe . ‘ this is hugely encouraging news as with so many incredible islands to visit across europe , jersey holds its own . this is testament to the fantastic work of the jersey tourism industry . ’ 