he 's been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly and likened to cartoon character wallace - but that did n't prevent ed miliband from coming top in the sex appeal stakes during last night 's debate . moments after the labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ' sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks . one rather breathless tweet read : ' miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast . keep staring down the camera ed ! # leadersdebate ' . scroll down for video . so hot right now : ed miliband 's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night 's debate . another , holly ashby , asked why no one had asked mr miliband a question about his hair , complaining : ' why has no one asked about ed miliband 's sexy rogue-from-x-men grey streak ? it 's all i care about tbh . ' one fan even likened miliband to hansel , a character from modelling comedy zoolander , tweeting : ' ed seducing the ladies with his patter . he 's so hot right now , just like hansel # leadersdebate # zoolander ' . another , named chloeee , added : ' ed miliband really is hot . ' shortly afterwards , a vine of mr miliband smouldering sultrily into the camera took the internet by storm , while popular website buzzfeed took note of the phenomenon and published a piece rounding up the best romantic tweets . but mr miliband , 45 , who spent the day after the debate in blackpool with his family , is n't the first politician to find himself on the receiving end of attention based on his good looks . family day out : mr miliband has spent the day enjoying fish and chips with his family in blackpool . on the campaign trail : mr miliband was canvassing for votes and drafted in his wife and sons to help out . making his point : it was n't just mr miliband 's looks that got viewers talking . impressed : a viewer finds herself enjoying the sight of mr miliband 's saturnine looks . enjoying it : two watching women compare their notes on the labour leader . favourite bit : one twitter user declared her love for mr miliband 's 'rogue-from-x-men ' grey streak . handsome : another twitter user was surprised to find herself fancying the labour leader . last october , swedish health minister gabriel wikström , 30 , found himself bombarded by risqué messages from adoring turkish fans after making a visit to the country . nicknamed ' the handsome minister ' by his growing legion of fans , wikström , a social democrat who holds the position of public health minister , said at the time that he was ' honoured ' by all the attention . speaking to english language swedish daily newspaper , the local , he said : ' i can’t feel anything but honoured and glad . and a little bit surprised , i must admit . ' denmark 's prime minister helle thorning-schmidt , 48 , is another politician famous for her glamorous looks , while her 39-year-old agriculture minister , dan jørgensen , has also proved a hit with the ladies . impressed : viewers appeared to appreciate mr miliband 's ' sexy tie ' and the grey streak in his hair . seductive : another compared mr miliband to hansel from zoolander , adding : ' he 's so hot right now ' . was it deliberate ? one twitter user appeared less convinced by mr miliband 's smoulder . swoon : a twitter user describes mr miliband as a ' sexy beast ' and exhorts him to keep looking at the camera . sexy mp : swedish health minister gabriel wikström has proved a big hit with the ladies . arguably the most popular of all though , other than wikström himself , is 36-year-old hans linde of sweden 's left party , who is as famous for his handsome face as he is for his politics . and while denmark and sweden have plenty of good-looking ministers to choose from , the uk has several of its own . although sexy mp , a website dedicated to parliament 's great and good-looking , has now shut down , it regularly put conservative mp zac goldsmith , 40 , at the top of its looks list while running . mps snapping at mr goldsmith 's heels include labour 's shadow education and business secretaries , tristram hunt , 40 , and chuka umunna , 36 , other politicians to set pulses racing , both past and present , include barack obama , french prime minister manuel valls and mexican president enrique peña nieto . and now , of course , ed miliband as well . smouldering : mexican president enrique peña nieto has won plaudits for his saturnine good looks . hot stuff : labour 's chuka umunna and tristram hunt are almost as swooned over as their party leader . conservative crumpet : zac goldsmith is considered one of the uk 's best looking parliamentarians . latin lover : french prime minister manuel valls is as famous for his looks as he is for his policies .