there is a rich and mildly amusing irony about arsenal fans calling chelsea boring for defending well , when these gooners still celebrate a side that ground out results just to preserve their unbeaten record in 2003-04 . they drew four of their last seven , the lifeless goalless stalemate at home to birmingham a particular highlight . instead of giving a shallow critique fuelled by sour grapes on chelsea 's title winners , maybe those fans should focus on the shortcomings of their own players , and in particular mesut ozil . mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he did n't do enough against chelsea on sunday . the german , celebrating the fa cup win over reading , needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag . i 've enjoyed some of ozil 's recent performances , he 's been sublime more than spectacular , but he 's definitely been a joy to watch . and so as i sat down to watch arsenal face chelsea , i felt confident that ozil could be the difference between the two teams . i also felt that arsenal could win the game , and win it well . and that if they did win it well , it would put huge pressure on chelsea in the run-in . i felt there would be a chance that a big result for arsenal at the emirates on sunday might just open the title door for the gunners . but it was n't to be . and come the big moment , the big player fluffed his lines . ozil was n't terrible but he did n't impact the game enough . while cesc fabregas was sending a killer pass only for oscar to be wiped out by the goalkeeper ( how is that not a penalty ? ) , and willian carved arsenal up with the pass of the match to gift a great chance to ramires , ozil was tidy , nothing more . cesc fabregas outshone ozil on sunday as chelsea showed why they are ahead of arsenal this season . fabregas , who left the emirates pitch with ozil 's shirt , would have been better than the german for arsenal . ozil takes on cesar azpilicueta in a game where he was fine , but not good enough to change the result . he did n't stand out . he did n't impact the game enough to affect the result . he did n't show any signs of being world class , or worth £42million . and then when he had the chance to be the match winner , ozil completely missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him . poor technique . in the second half chelsea played into ozil 's hands . they effectively gave him the ball and asked him what he could do . if he 's as good as he 's purported to be , he kills off chelsea with his ability on the ball . but he could n't create the winning goal . for all of arsenal 's pivotal , meaningful , must-win games in the last two seasons , ozil has looked average . even in the fa cup final last year it was santi cazorla and aaron ramsey who stood out , while ozil failed to shine , complaining afterwards he was tired after his first season in english football . he was the most expensive player on the pitch on sunday and come the end of his arsenal career he will be judged on his impact . ozil could go down the same route as juan sebastian veron ( left ) and andriy shevchenko . when thierry henry says arsenal need a new spine of their team , it 's time to start listening . a player with a huge reputation signed for such a huge amount has to be more than just sublime . he has to have a major impact in the big games , he has to take the team to another level . two seasons have gone and ozil has failed to do that at arsenal . there are other big signings with big reputations who have flopped in the premier league – andriy shevchenko , fernando torres , juan sebastian veron , and we 're still waiting for the biggest of them all – angel di maria - to show us what he can do . ozil could be joining that list unless he delivers something amazing next season . when an arsenal legend like thierry henry points out that after all this time arsene wenger has constructed a team without a spine – henry said they need a goalkeeper , a centre half , a defensive midfielder , and a top striker – you have to listen . he 's right of course , but the knock-on effect is that the top players arsenal have in their team need to deliver something extra special . and ozil has failed to do that . in one of the biggest games of arsenal 's season , ozil missed his kick when a late opportunity came his way . arsenal fans are defensive of the germany midfielder but that is merely a sign of their low expectations . henry said what all arsenal fans know , but most refuse to admit – fabregas would have had a bigger impact in that team this season than ozil has . there 's a lot of goodwill from arsenal fans towards ozil – they want him to be the hero , they want him to be their superstar . and that desperation means some have over-praised his performances . they 're hoping it 's some kind of twisted self-fulfilling prophecy – if they keep saying ozil is brilliant , then maybe he will be . witness this tweet about ozil from arsenal fan @ girlgooner two weeks ago : ' i still ca n't believe he plays for my team arsenal , i think we are very lucky , he 's a very special player . ' it seems you only have to sign for arsenal these days to be a legend . that 's how well wenger has managed and manipulated standards and expectations at this once great football club . as for ozil , he 's been good . but he needs to be brilliant .