john carver says he and jonas gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training-ground bust-up which saw the player dropped for sunday’s defeat by spurs . as reported by sportsmail , the pair were involved in a disagreement last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad . but carver , speaking ahead of saturday’s visit of swansea , said : ‘ there was a situation on the training ground which happens at every club . john carver spoke to the media after taking a training session with his newcastle united squad on thursday . last week , carver and jonas gutierrez had a bust-up that caused the player to be left out of the squad . siem de jong ( centre ) warms up with his team-mates as he continues his recovery from serious injury . mehdi abeid , yoan gouffran , jonas gutierrez , fabricio coloccini and ayoze perez ( l-r ) train on thursday . ‘ we 've since got together , had a conversation , shaken hands like two grown men and we 're moving on . ‘ as far as we 're both concerned he trained with us on monday and there are no hard feelings . ‘we’ve shaken hands and are moving on - he 's in the squad for the weekend , absolutely . ’ newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans . remy cabella strikes the ball during a shooting drill at training on thursday morning . second-choice goalkeeper freddie woodman dives to his left to make a save during training . carver says that he and gutierrez have shaken hands ' like two grown men ' and moved on from the incident . ryan taylor ( right ) and former sunderland defender jack colback warm up at newcastle 's training centre . and carver added : ‘ it 's not a nice record to have is it ? ‘ but the time for talking about what we 're trying to do is over , we have to produce the goods on the pitch . ‘ a lot of players have gone on the record and said we 're going to do this or that , myself included . we 've talked a lot but actions speak louder than words and now 's the time . ’