four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window . the gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on january 12 . cctv showed the men took the birds to a tower block in walsall , west midlands , and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows . four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird , thought to be in the bag above , and throwing another out of a window in walsall , west midlands , on january 12 . the birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog , walsall magistrates court heard . one resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month . chad worgan , from walsall , admitted an offence of receiving stolen goods and causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal on the basis that he kicked a pigeon . the 19-year-old knew the animals were in the bags and had a ' sick grin across his face ' as he appearing to grab one of the perched birds and visibly squeeze it , the court heard . thomas knox , from bloxwich , denied the same charges . a dog belonging to knox , also 19 , was let into the flat to terrorise the birds , it was revealed . jake higgs , 23 , from bloxwich , admitted receiving stolen goods but denied causing unnecessary suffering . a 16-year-old from erdington , birmingham , also attended but can not be named for legal reasons . the birds were also jammed into drawers , shoved through barely open windows ( above ) , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog , walsall magistrates court heard . all four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week . one of the men ( above ) can be seen with a grin on his face during the attack . all four were found guilty of the charges after a trial last week . bob thomas , chairman of the bench , said their actions amounted to ' joint enterprise ' . he added : ' they arrive with a dog and are seen to be carrying a variety of bags and containers . these are emptied by them and both a large number of dead and live birds are seen . ' the cctv shows all of them entering the property together and all playing some part in the birds ' suffering . ' we are satisfied that they were all aware of the contents of the bags . ' a spokesman for west midlands police said : ' the birds were stolen from an aviary in the brownhills area in the early hours of january 12 . ' they were then taken to dolphin house where they were emptied onto the landing area of the block . ' the birds were stolen from rare bird breeder lee williams who had built up his collection of rare jays , finches , doves , budgerigars , quails and pigeons over a number of years . in 2008 , the dad-of-two considered giving up his passion after 270 animals worth £4,000 were stolen . speaking at the time , his wife michelle said : ' this has devastated him . his bird breeding plays a major part of his life . '