seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight . the arrival of these one year olds to the palawan wildlife rescue & conservation centre in southern philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species . one of seven philippine crocodiles which flew from melbourne to the philippines today as part of a major conservation effort . there are only about 250 philippines crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodilian species in the world . the custom-designed boxes which the crocodiles travelled in contained canvas bags cushioned by soft wood wool . there are only about 250 philippine crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world . the reptiles were conceived and hatched at the melbourne zoo , the first and only australian zoo to breed them . after the breeding program has been concluded , the crocodiles will be released into the wild , where they could grow to be up to three metres long . chris banks , manager for zoo victoria 's international conservation programs , explained to abc why the crocodiles are facing extinction . ' what you 've got in the philippines is a large human population , widespread poverty , a government strapped for resources to protect their own species , and civil disturbance in the south - so you ca n't really go and monitor crocodiles , ' he said . after the breeding program has been concluded , the crocodiles will be released into the wild , where they could grow to be up to three metres long . the reptiles were conceived and hatched at the melbourne zoo , the first and only australian zoo to breed the species . melbourne zoo director kevin tanner has visited the philippines and participated in the release to the wild of young crocodiles bred there . he says that ' to be able to breed such endangered animals and then return some to the home of their species is a rare and important event . ' it is a real credit to the skills and dedication of our reptile keepers that our breeding program is so successful . ' the custom designed boxes which the crocodiles travelled in contained canvas bags cushioned by soft wood wool . 