a man has been rescued twice in the same night after falling backwards off a boat dock for a second time when emergency services took their eyes off him . paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour on saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water . the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers , but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket , the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards , landing back in the water again . scroll down for video . a man has been rescued twice from cockle bay wharf ( pictured ) . it it unclear why the man was walking on the boat dock , which is reserved for boat owners , tour operators and water taxis at the popular tourist destination . the man was disorientated after both of his falls and was treated at the scene . he was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure . emergency services are regularly called to darling harbour to rescue people from the treacherous waters . the incident happened despite hoards of people pleading with authorities to install fencing around the water 's edge to prevent more tragedies in the area . the man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called . before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again . in 2012 , 19-year-old jason daep drowned in cockle bay after a brawl broke out at pontoon nightclub just metres from the waters edge . the fight , between mr daep and a bouncer , continued out on to the esplanade outside . an off-duty security guard was found not guilty of his manslaughter in february . irish tourist brendan hickey died when he fell into the water as he and friends were attending the vivid sydney light last may . he was taken to hospital as a precautionary method . darling harbour 's waters have been treacherous in the past with many people losing their lives there . police were told that the irishman , who lived in randwick , was sitting with three of his friends on the edge of a wooden pier to watch the festival when he disappeared into the water . a female friend and another man dove into the water fully clothed in a desperate bid to save him , but were unsuccessful in locating the 34-year-old . the pair emerged from the water unharmed and police recovered brendan 's body about three metres out from the boardwalk at cockle bay wharf . 