blogger : lisa is the author of canadian expat mom . when canadian expat lisa webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in france , she feared her daughter would starve during the day . the former assistant elementary school principal , who moved to france in 2009 , was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband . but when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks for one week , she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put in front of them . in her native canada , children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch . they were given 20 minutes to wolf down whatever their parents had packed for them and 20 minutes to play . in 2009 , lisa and her husband made the move to france and she began working as a substitute teacher in paris . writing in her blog - canadian expat mom - the 34-year-old said : 'i’ll never forget dreading the fact that i was on lunchtime supervision because i saw that fish was on the menu that day . ' i had been a teacher for long enough to know that there was going to be a lot of elementary school kids plugging their noses and telling me they didn’t like fish . this was going to be a long supervision period . ' but those children proved her wrong - they did n't turn up their noses and even asked for seconds . scroll down for video . speaking to mailonline from her home in the aquitaine region of southern france , she said : ' that 's when i first encountered kids eating whatever was being put in front of them . ' i was shocked because it was n't necessarily what i wanted to eat . ' fast forward five years to 2014 , and lisa had her own daughter to get ready for her first day at school . at three years old , she enjoyed a healthy continental diet but refused to eat vegetables . three-course meal : lisa webb was nervous about sending her vegetable-phobic child to a school where pupils eat what they are served . ' initially i think that we did give her everything , we eat very healthily as a family , ' lisa explained . ' even if we wanted to give our kids fast food it does n't really exist . fast food for us is grabbing a baguette and a chunk of cheese . ' she ate everything but vegetables - foie gras , saucisson , lapin ( rabbit ) . at home i stopped offering her broccoli because i did n't like wasting food . ' i was a little bit nervous . i thought `` there is no way she can stay at school , she will be starving '' . ' writing in her blog , she added : ' each week i would head over to the bulletin board posted outside the school and check what they were eating for lunch . there wasn’t a burger and fries or chicken finger to be seen on the list . ' it all sounded so fancy . was julia child working in the kitchen ? how were they serving this to three-year-olds ? did they have a magic wand to get these kids to eat this very grown up list of food ? ' whenever i would come across the ladies that worked in the lunchroom , i would stare in disbelief as they would tell me what a good eater my daughter was . ' were they sure they had the right kid ? because mine would barely touch a vegetable at home . yet , she wasn’t coming home hungry , so she must have been eating something . ' 'there’s no plastic cutlery or non-breakable plates , ' lisa wrote . ' the kids are served their meal at the table , not buffet style ' . when the opportunity arose to spend a week in the canteen at lunchtime , where there is a constantly changing menu of salads , seasonal vegetables , meats and fish , the mum-of-two jumped at the chance . 'there’s no plastic cutlery or non-breakable plates , ' she wrote . ' the kids are served their meal at the table , not buffet style . ' this is france after all , where the gastronomic meal is protected as a unesco intangible world heritage item . there’s no messing around when it comes to the french and eating . ' all the kids ate what was served and there is no food brought from home . each day at lunch there was a three-course meal ; no exceptions . ' the kids came into the lunchroom and sat politely using their manners , just like little adults . ' they were always offered seconds when they were done , and not forced to eat something they didn’t like , yet always encouraged to try it . not liking something didn’t happened often though . ' however , if someone didn’t like something there wasn’t a fuss made , their plate was cleared and the next course was served . ' when the opportunity arose to spend a week in the canteen at lunchtime the mum-of-two jumped at the chance . the meal at the french state school costs parents just €2.60 ( £1.90 ) each day . ' i think a big part of it is that they are with their friends and they see all the other kids eating the same thing , ' she told mailonline . ' there is no jealousy of what everyone else has . ' i think it 's amazing and it makes me happy that my kids are going to school here . ' since we have lived here we go out for dinner and see kids eating in restaurants . you do n't see them with a kids ' menu or colouring in front of them . ' i think they learn it from when they are three years old . ' my daughter eats a lot more and it was a good eye-opener for me to see what she will eat . she gets vegetables every night . ' lisa , who is writing a book about life in france , added : ' my eyes have been opened and i am amazed by the what the french public school system does daily at noon . well done france . ' monday . starter : pamplemousse ( grapefruit ) . main : rôti de boeuf ( roast beef with pureed potato and carrots ) . dessert : yaourt bifidus vanille ( yoghurt ) . tuesday . starter : blé en salade ( wheat grain salad ) . main : cordon bleu de dinde ( turkey filled with cheese ) . dessert : cantal et pomme ( cantal cheese and an apple ) . wednesday . french children only go to school for half a day on wednesday , so there is no school lunch . thursday . starter : taboulé ( tabbouleh ) . main : sauté de porc aux pruneaux ( sauteed pork with prunes ) . dessert : emmental et tarte aux pommes ( emmental cheese and apple tart ) . friday . starter : potage ( soup ) . main : courgettes à la niçoise ( courgettes ) et omelette au fromage ( cheese omelette ) . dessert : banane ( banana ) . to read about lisa 's life in france , visit www.canadianexpatmom.com or her facebook page .