the duchess of cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week , it was claimed today . the 33-year-old royal’s baby is expected before the end of april - with the due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to actually be as early as wednesday last week . either way kate - who plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london - is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced . scroll down for video . previous royal birth : the duke and duchess of cambridge leave the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , in a proud moment with their newborn son prince george in july 2013 . due date : preparations have been made outside the lindo wing of the hospital ( pictured yesterday ) for the huge crowds expected to welcome the royal birth - with the duchess said to be up to four days overdue . a source , whose children were born at the hospital’s exclusive lindo wing , told daily telegraph reporter gordon rayner : ‘ the doctors don’t normally wait for more than a week . ‘ they will probably already have been in touch with kate , and talked about which day which suit her best to go in and be induced if the baby doesn’t arrive in the next couple of days . ’ a kensington palace source said last week : ' we have n't ever confirmed a due date . ' prince george was reportedly born three days late when he arrived at the hospital in july 2013 . the joint favourite dates for the royal baby to be born are tomorrow and tuesday at 6/1 - with wednesday priced at 7/1 and thursday 8/1 , according to mailonline 's official betting partner coral . the bookmaker is also offering evens on a morning birth , 3/1 on the baby arriving in the afternoon and 2/1 on it being in the evening – while alice ( 5/4 ) and charlotte ( 5/1 ) are the favourite names . royal fan : terry hutt ( right ) waits last week for the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child to be born . cute : prince william and kate pose with their son prince george at the national history museum in london . but some punters might look further ahead for their bets - if they believe those who say labour is influenced by the lunar cycle and the arrival of a full moon . the next full moon is on may 4 . the idea is the moon 's gravitational pull affects the amniotic fluid in the same way it affects water in the sea and rivers . when kate gave birth on july 22 , 2013 , it was the day of a new full moon . meanwhile prime minister david cameron has defended william and kate for opting to use private health services rather than the nhs . asked if he was disappointed the royal family did not use the nhs , mr cameron told sky news today : ‘ i think it 's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies . all i hope and pray for is there 'll be happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country . ’ around one in five deliveries in the uk is assisted . a danish study in february suggested inducing women at 37 weeks can lower the chance of a baby dying or developing a serious health condition .