the goalkeeper whose extra-time error led to reading being dumped out of the fa cup at wembley had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final . adam federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling alexis sanchez 's effort to give arsenal a 2-1 victory in saturday 's semi final . but had reading reached the final on may 30 it would have clashed with australian federici 's wedding in italy to long-term girlfriend micaela gardner , reports the sun . adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final . federici fails to stop alexis sanchez 's shot from crossing the line at wembley on saturday evening . sanchez ( centre ) celebrates making it 2-1 to arsenal as federici ( second left ) is left dejected after his error . a source told the paper : ' no one believes he did it deliberately . but i bet he is wishing he booked his wedding for the weekend after now . ' another source , however , told the paper that had reading beat arsenal federici would have changed the date of the wedding , which is set to take place in the city of florence . the 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game , tweeting : ' just like to say thank you for all your messages and how sorry i am for my mistake . it 's part of being a goalkeeper and i 'm sure it will make me stronger . ' federici has been backed to bounce back by reading boss steve clarke , who expects the keeper to start against birmingham on wednesday . ' it 's the life of a goalkeeper , ' clarke told reading player . ' adam was obviously very upset because he feels responsible for the defeat . ' it 's much better in a game like that , that if you have to lose you lose to a moment of brilliance . that was n't the case . ' as i said after the game , we win together , we lose together . adam is a strong character . all the players are 100 per cent behind him , the staff are 100 per cent behind him - he 'll bounce back . ' on wednesday night when we play birmingham , he 'll be typical adam federici - one of our best players . ' the reading goalkeeper struggles to contain his emotions after his side 's fa cup semi-final defeat . federici is due to get married in the italian city of florence on the same weekend as the fa cup final .