do n't you wish your travel photos looked like this ? young couple jay alvarrez and alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world ... and then snapping impossibly glamorous pictures at each location . the extreme sportsman is also a photographer and it certainly helps when taking spectacular holiday photos that his girlfriend is a model . the pair share their stunning and carefree images on jay 's tumblr blog as well as on instagram , where jay has 735,000 followers and alexis an impressive 1.1million . their travels take them across the globe , from their california base to hawaii and indonesia . for jay , the subject of his photos is always his beautiful girlfriend , but the pair also capture intimate shots of themselves together enjoying beach time , sunsets , amazing helicopter journeys and surfing . jay has even produced a youtube video to show his lifestyle , jetsetting from lax airport , driving a ferrari , adopting a puppy with his girlfriend and surfing and snowboarding . parachute jumps from helicopters and hot air balloons also make up the adventurers ' existence - all the while looking like calvin klein models . at the end of the video , jay simply asks his girlfriend : ' where do you want to go next , baby ? ' scroll down for video ... jay alvarrez and alexis rene share their amazing travel snaps on their instagram pages and jay 's tumblr page . the holiday snaps are guaranteed to trump yours , thanks to the model-like subjects and great photography . the beautiful pair love nothing more than snapping amazing photos together enjoying the sunshine around the world . jay indulges in a variety of adventure sports from surfing to parachuting out of helicopters and hot air balloons . the pair share snaps from hawaii , indonesia and their home state of california where they enjoy a carefree life on the beach . while jay has 750,000 followers on instagram , alexis boasts 1.1million for the shots her boyfriend takes of her . adventurer jay is also the subject of photos when he is taking part in extreme sports such as parachuting . the enamoured pair share a multitude of photos from malibu and a particularly good look-out spot on top of a cliff . the pair appear to spend most of their time in swimwear enjoying the sun sea and sand lifestyle they lead . from selfies in helicopters to action surf shots , it 's not just romantic pictures the pair share online . the couple appear very much in love in their picture-perfect snaps as they play up to the camera to create fun-loving shots . jay and alexis live in an la apartment together and appear to spend the majority of their lives on the beach . jay loves nothing more than making his model girlfriend the subject of his snaps which he posts on his tumblr acocunt . dramatic scenic shots also make up jay 's collection , taken in hawaii , indonesia and california . the sportsman also focuses a lot of his photos on surfing , with amazing action shots taken in the sea . the fun-loving couple take a lot of shots of themselves enjoying the amazing views across california . alexis also joins in with the action , climbing up a terrifying rocky outcrop in this snap . 