tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the gold coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers , the gold coast bulletin reports . there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence . tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the gold coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . the new powers , approved by deputy premier and planning minister jackie trad , means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house so the council can enforce laws to shut them down in certain areas . if an illegal party house is reported to the council , authorities will be able to force the owner of the property to apply for a development application . if they refuse the council can legally shut them down . party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like bucks parties . police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses across the broadbeach , mermaid beach , mermaid waters and surfers paradise areas . gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence . some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door . burleigh councillor greg betts told the gold coast bulletin the crackdown would begin this month . ' this is a planning issue which means that the criteria of what is allowed to be a party house is strict and those people operating them will have to apply to have this status , ' he said . ' if they fail to get this approval but continue to operate we can shut them down . ' the former state government introduced new laws last year allowing council to institute ' party house restriction areas ' where short-term rental properties will be forbidden from operating . party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like bucks parties . some residents who live near a party house have said they are afraid to leave their homes while a weekend-long party is raging and are tormented by the noise and activities next door .     