a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . but many admit they know where they are going wrong . if you are thinking of attempting some diy this weekend watch out – nearly seven in ten of us end up injured . a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . two in five had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . a careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder , said research for the makers of pain relief brands deep heat and deep freeze . but a significant number of hapless handymen and women know where they 're going wrong . one in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the right way to do the job , while one in five came to grief taking a shortcut . men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job . top of the nation 's to-do list is diy and decorating , with eight in 10 brits catching up on everything from odd jobs to major makeovers round the home . however , it seems diyers are failing to prepare properly for a weekend of exertions . more than a third confessed they did not prepare their bodies for the physical demands of their day of diy . a similar number admitted they were n't used to physical work or were too out of shape for hard graft . reassuringly , seven in 10 of those surveyed had a first-aid kit and of those did , four out of five had treatments specifically designed for muscle problems or injuries . diy expert grant james crossley said : ‘ there may be no escaping diy and other household chores , but with a little preparation there’s a lot you can do to escape morning-after aches and muscle pain . ’ the poll found two in five people had injured their back , one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes - and men are more likely than women to cut corners .