rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals , but not their own . ' they had been suffering a very long time . i saw little to no emotion , and when i did see an emotion , i saw fear , ' said scotlund haisley , president of animal rescue corps , which led the rescue operation . the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ' living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death . according to the huffington post , some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine , and there was also a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots . the property owner , identified as 64-year-old caroline irby , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $ 10,000 bond . scroll down for video . deplorable conditions : animal rescue corps workers help free almost 100 dogs that had been locked up in cages in a barn in manchester , tennessee , surrounded by their own waste on saturday . in shock : workers described the animals as being overcome with fear after living in tiny cages and total darkness for an unknown period . filthy : some of the breeds were unrecognizable because the dogs were covered in so much waste . freed : the female owner of the tennessee property has been charged with animal cruelty . hoarding is an illness , authorities said . rescue : the 97 dogs were in conditions that animal rescue corps described as the worst they 've ever seen . squalor : the dogs were kept in the barn without any windows in coffee county , tennessee . safe : each of the dogs were assessed individually and then sent for treatment in lebanon , tennessee . unrecognizable : the dogs were mostly all adults and a variety of breeds including golden retrievers , shih tzus , yorkshire terriers and border collies , but some were so dirty it was hard to tell . charged : the property owner , identified as 64-year-old caroline irby , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $ 10,000 bond . the dogs were mostly all adults and a variety of breeds including golden retrievers , shih tzus , yorkshire terriers and border collies . haisley said bringing the animals outside was a stunning sight . ' something magical happened that i had never seen before in by 26-year-old long career , ' haisley added to the huffpost . ' when we brought everyone out , they all did the same thing . ' they shot their noses up to the sky , and what we believe they were doing was absorbing the sunshine and the oxygen . ' jackie jones , a smyrna-based vet , was one of many people enlisted to treat the dogs due to the overwhelming number that needed help . many more volunteers joined the effort . ' words ca n't describe how it was , ' jones told the daily news journal . ' it was deplorable . there was so much neglect . ' the animals were checked out individually and moved to a shelter in lebanon , where their treatment continued . help : dozens of workers and volunteers attend to the dogs as part of the massive rescue operation . much happier : the animals were relocated to a shelter in lebanon , tennessee , where they are recovering . nearly 100 dogs were rescued sunday from a property in coffee county , tennessee , where officials say they were living in total darkness inside a squalid , windowless barn . thankful : workers said the dogs turned their heads and noses to the sun once outside . besides being hungry and incredibly filthy , the biggest problem with most of them was light deprivation , which brought on heart problems and infections . animal rescue corps is expected to stay and care for the dozens of dogs for at least one-and-a-half to two weeks and give them medical grooming , veterinary exams , vaccines and decompression time , the dnj reported . to donate to animal rescue corps , go to www.animalrescuecorps.org/donate . assessment : besides being hungry and incredibly filthy , the biggest problem with most of them was light deprivation , which brought on heart problems and infections . deplorable : many of the cages were rusted shut and the dogs had not appeared to have been fed in some time . ongoing effort : the operation will continue for another one to two weeks , such was the state of the dogs . neighbors described irby as a nice woman . they said they did not ever suspect she was a dog hoarder or saw any evidence there were so many animals on the land . it is unclear how police first came to find the dogs hidden in the barn .