the wife of pennsylvania 's lieutenant governor allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda over one of her husband 's political rivals . tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran . according to boyle , stack ' flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event in philadelphia . ' soda fight ' : pennsylvania state representative kevin boyle , left , claims that he was covered in soda by tonya stack , right , wife of lieutenant governor mike stack , and a political opponent . when he described the gesture aloud as ' a trashy move ' , he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky liquid at him , according to a report by philly.com . he told the site : ' she aimed the soda at me and it landed directly on me , hitting from my chest to my lap ' . he added that at the time he was sitting with the grandmother of michael strange , a navy codebreaker who was killed by rpg fire in 2011 and whom the event was honoring . boyle said that she came close to getting soaked as well , but that he took the brunt of the blast . he claims that after her shot landed , she was bundled out by a state trooper who was guarding her . rivalries : boyle and lt gov mike stack ( pictured ) have been at the center of a political row . boyle and mike stack , both democrats , are at the center of a political struggle over who will take over the seat in pennsylvania 's state senate which stack vacated to become lieutenant governor in january . earlier this year , politicspa.com also reported that the two were also backing different candidates in the race for a philadelphia district which boyle 's brother had resigned to become a u.s. congressman . ultimately , stack 's ' handpicked ' candidate was chosen to contest the election , but lost to a republican , philly.com reported . commenting on the alleged confrontation , boyle told the website : ' this was a ridiculous and immature act that should n't have happened and hopefully wo n't be repeated . ' we have to be civil about our differences in politics . ' a spokesman for mike stack confirmed that the lieutenant governor 's wife was at the event . however , he did not comment on the soda-throwing part of the allegations , and insisted that she left ' under normal circumstances ' .