john carver says newcastle’s hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club after admitting it is affecting performances on the pitch . the magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to spurs last weekend amid an atmosphere of unrest after thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner mike ashley . fans group ashleyout.com are now encouraging supporters to ‘ stand up to ashley’ when swansea visit st james’ park on saturday . this will involve a 34th-minute protest in recognition of the £34million which was last week revealed to be sitting in the club’s bank . newcastle interim manager john carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season . carver has said he is not afraid about giving his honest opinion on events at st james ' park . and carver said : ‘ we have to find a way of dealing with it and managing the situation because it can only hurt us – that is the fans and the club . ‘ we need to find a solution . i don’t know what that is and i haven’t had talks about it , but if i get asked my opinion then i would give an honest answer . ‘ it would be fantastic ( if this was resolved ahead of next season ) . from day one it would be better . that is what we need to do . ’ carver , meanwhile , says his players were affected by the protest during the 3-1 loss against spurs . ‘ when i came away from the game i thought about it and the people who were in the stadium weren’t quite sure how to react . some of them were annoyed that people had stayed away , others were delighted . it was strange , ’ he said . ‘ when it all kicked off last year you knew where you stood . this wasn’t a nice situation to be in , it was uncomfortable . ‘ there was a lot of apprehension around the place on sunday . i hear there was anger with each other and people falling out with each other in the stands . that can not help , surely not . ‘ i thought it didn’t affect us during the game , but on reflection i think it did . ’ carver – who is likely to be replaced by steve mcclaren in the summer - says he has not been told if he will still have a role at the club next season . newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james ' park for the club 's last home game against spurs . however , he hopes that the club make a swift announcement on the future of the managerial position . ‘ that would be for everyone’s benefit , ’ said carver when asked if the week after the season’s end was the best time to resolve the current uncertainty . ‘ the fans , myself , everyone could enjoy their summer . i think it will be ( sorted quickly ) because don’t forget the window opens very soon after the season finishes . it has to be done and your recruitment has to be done in that period of time . ’ he added : ‘ i don’t know ( if it will be me ) . i think people understand the situation i’m in and know what i’m trying to do . ‘ only they ( hierarchy ) know . but every time i get together with them they are positive – whether that’s to keep me going or they have someone else lined up , i don’t know . ‘ that doesn’t affect me , the future will take care of itself . i’m just concentrating on now . ’ the supporters ' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of saturday 's match against swansea . fans boycotting the spurs match hold banners demanding the resignation of ashley as newcastle director . newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside sports direct stores . 