a greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats . the woman in her mid- to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was at melbourne’s greatest ever easter egg hunt , which was run by zaidee 's rainbow foundation at caulfield racecourse on saturday . she was escorted out of the racecourse , in melbourne 's south-east , when she became ' irate ' after a young volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many easter eggs . scroll down for video . a greedy mother at a charity easter egg hunt was booted out of the event after she swore at volunteers . event organiser allan turner said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event who took in additional bags and even prams to fill up with chocolate . the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation , while raising money for zaidee 's rainbow foundation . more than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on saturday . ' this is the fourth year we 've done the event and we have problems with parents sneaking in shopping bags and filling them up to the top , ' mr turner told daily mail australia . she was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to 'f*** off ' . the woman kept denying she was smuggling eggs into additional plastic bags she had brought in . ' parents are the toughest ones to control . you expect the kids to go frantic and shove eggs into their pockets and shirts and pants . but when parents go past this level of gluttony , it’s not a good look . ' mr turner said they had to create a pram parking area outside the hunting spot to stop adults from smuggling eggs out by hiding them inside baby carriages . but he said this was the first year he had security guards escort a parent off site because they were taking too many of the 250,000 eggs donated by hillier 's chocolates . he said one of volunteers approached him on the day and told him a woman was throwing obscenities at her when they asked her to stop stuffing multiple bags full with treats . ' [ the woman ] was saying `` i 've not done it '' ... [ but ] she had definitely filled up a number of bags to the hilt , more than people paying $ 5 a bucket , ' mr turner said . ' she got irate and started carrying on and started having a go at my young volunteer who was only 13 years old . ' she was using the f-word , saying `` you ca n't stop from f***ing doing this and f*** off '' . ' it was not the first time parents took more than their fair share - which is a $ 5 bucket full - but this is the first time organisers have had to kick someone out . the egg hunt looks to raise money for zaidee 's rainbow foundation , which helps bring awareness of tissue and organ donation to the forefront . it was started by zaidee turner 's father , allan , who wanted to honour his seven-year-old daughter who was an organ donor when she died . mr turner said it was a shame this woman had acted in this way as she was at a family event , which he had started in the honour of his daughter , zaidee , who died of a brain anuerysm when she seven years old . he said zaidee 's rainbow foundation tried to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation . at the time of her death , mr turner said zaidee was one of the youngest people in victoria to be on the donor list , saving the lives of up to seven people . zaidee ( not pictured ) died of a brain aneurysm in 2004 and she has been remembered through the hunt . mr turner said parents were often the most difficult to control at these hunts as they were scrambling to get as many eggs as possible . organisers have had to stop parents bringing prams because they were using them to smuggle out eggs . ' we try to [ do events ] left of field for organ and tissue donation , ' he said . ' we 've had jockey breeches with rainbow stripes on the side , we 've done that for a number of years where [ jockeys ] wear them at race events and we came up with the idea of melbourne 's greatest easter egg hunt . ' it 's melbourne’s biggest easter egg hunt and it raises much needed funds in an area where there are benefits for young and old . '