a group of chelsea fans stormed arsenal 's emirates stadium this week in a lighthearted attempt to lay a blue marker down as the premier league clubs prepare to do battle on sunday . the four fans labelled themselves the 'c-team ' while wearing jose mourinho , diego costa , didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks to hide their identity before parking up outside arsenal 's north london home . as the famous a-team soundtrack kicks in , a narrator claims : ' in 2004 , a portuguese general known as the special one put together a crack commando unit . the group of chelsea fans set off blue smoke bombs and covered the arsenal sign outside the emirates . a man in a jose mourinho mask looks to the camera during the chelsea fans channel prank . one of the men , wearing a diego costa mask , celebrates as blue smoke hits the red side of london . ' these men dominated the premier league from their west london underground . ' today 's mission : to bring a touch of class to the war-torn area known only as the emirates . ' if you have a problem and no once else can help , maybe you can hire the c-team . ' the two-minute clip then shows the blues fans displaying large blue and white letters in front of a concrete arsenal sign before it eventually reads ' chelsea ' . several blue smoke bombs are then released by the practical jokers before they make a swift exit in their white van . the four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north london . the group of prankster called themselves the 'c-team ' as they carried out their ' mission ' . unfortunately for the pranksters , their hard work was on show for all of 10 minutes before club staff came out and took the ' chelsea ' boards down . the chelsea fans channel prank comes just days before mourinho 's side travel to the emirates in search of what will be a crucial three points . the blues know victory against arsenal on sunday will all-but secure the premier league title with mourinho 's side needing two wins from their next two games . their hard work lasted just 10 minutes before being taken down by emirates stadium staff .