an eight-year-old girl , who lost her leg in a terrible accident last year , has given her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee eleven months ago - earning a standing ovation for her moving routine . alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . although the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old , had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible . ' i just did n't want to give up , ' alissa told people . ' dancing has been my favorite thing since i was four . i do n't have part of my leg , but i ca n't let that stop me . i still want to dance . ' scroll down for video . major inspiration : alissa sizemore can be seen dancing on a wooden bench during her first solo dance performance since she lost her leg in an accident last may . alissa , who was fitted for her prosthetic leg in september , chose colbie caillat 's hit try , a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year , for her debut performance , in which she removed her artificial limb as a part of her routine . alissa 's mom heather proudly shared a video of her daughter 's performance last month on her youtube channel . the clip shows alissa donning a seafoam green ballet costume as she confidently walks toward a bench set up in the middle of vernal 's high school gymnasium , where the recital took place . the impressive little girl performs a series of leg stretches and even a cartwheel before she removed her prosthetic limb . unstoppable girl : the eight-year-old lifted her prosthetic limb while balancing on one leg for her routine , which was set to colbie caillat 's hit try . dare devil : she even did a cartwheel in the middle of her performance at a high school gymnasium in in vernal , utah . determined : towards the end of her emotional dance , alissa removed her artificial leg and continued her routine on the floor , where she did a bridge and a forward roll . after removing her artificial leg , she continues her routine on the floor , proving that she will always be able to dance - with or without her leg . the teary-eyed audience was so moved by her dancing that she was given a standing ovation - a fantastic end to an emotional year . and one which will hopefully help to dull the memory of the horrific accident which left her in pain for months . last may , alissa was playing outside with her sister cyley , 10 , and some of her friends when she ran past a few garbage cans that were pulled to the curb just as a truck was breaking to a stop . alissa 's right foot was pinned underneath the tire . she was immediately flown to vernal to primary children 's medical center in salt lake city , but doctors were unable to save her leg . amazing recovery : alissa was photographed warming up for ballet class at powerhouse dance studio last month . in sync : she can be seen performing a routine with the other girls in her class . star treatment : alissa got her hair done before she was filmed dancing in the music video for utah musical trio gentri 's song dare . alissa was reliant on a wheelchair or crutches before she was fitted for her artificial leg , but she was secretly doing uncomplicated dance moves in the studio her father had built for her and her sisters . while alissa adjusted to her new reality , her neighborhood community banded together to help raise money for her surgeries and her prosthetic leg , which were n't completely covered by the family 's health insurance . when her mom took her and her sisters to powerhouse dance studio last summer for fall tryouts , it was thought that alissa would help with the music until she was ready to return to dance - but she had other plans . say cheese : the little girl posed for this photo with casey elliott , brad robins and bradley quinn lever , who make up the group . inspiring words : in the music video , alissa holds up a sign that reads : ' dare to dream . ' ' she handed me her crutches and said she was trying out , ' her mom told people . ' she hopped to the middle of the room and gave it her all . she was n't going to let anybody hold her back . ' alissa 's amazing story inspired utah musical trio gentri to feature her in the music video for their song dare . throughout the clip , which debuted earlier this month , alissa can be seen attaching her prosthetic leg before she starts dancing . the footage also shows her holding up pictures of herself during her recovery last year , as well as a newspaper article about her recent dance recital . towards the end of the video , alissa raises a sign that reads : ' dare to dream . ' brave face : alissa curled up with her stuffed animals as she and her mom heather smiled for the camera last year after her accident . huge adjustment : the young girl , pictured with her mom , relied on a wheelchair and crutches to get around before she was fitted for her prosthetic leg in september .