married father-of-two steven christopher costa , from devon , plans to head to iraq to fight against isis . a married father-of-two is set to leave his home in devon to fight against isis in iraq because jihadis ' need to be put down like rabid dogs ' . steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to head out to the middle east next month to join the war against the terrorists , leaving his wife and young children behind . mr costa , who spent six years in the navy , will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . he said : ' when you have a rabid dog , you take it to the vet and put it down . ' lots of people have said it 's an admirable thing i am doing . i think it 's a necessary thing . ' when he arrives in iraq , mr costa will join up with kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric islamists . the former seaman was recruited through the foreign fighters against isis facebook group , who help ex-military personnel make the journey to isis-controlled territory . he has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern iraq via jordan . mr costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists because he does not want his children to see him being executed in a jihadi john-style video . ' i will be saving a bullet or keeping a grenade strapped to my chest , ' he said . ' if i get captured , i will pull the pin and take my life so there will be nothing for them to parade in any propaganda videos . ' i wo n't be burnt alive and i certainly wo n't be beheaded . i do n't want my kids to see that in 10 years ' time on the internet , because it will still be there . ' i am not going to lie , i am frightened . and anyone who says they are not is lying . ' when he arrives in iraq , mr costa will join up with kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric islamists ( file picture ) . previous attempts by people to go out to fight isis have led to them being arrested for terror offences , but mr costa says this will not happen to him . he said : ' i 'm going to join the kurdish peshmerga - not a terror group - who some european countries are funding and sending weapons to . ' there are a few groups of former soldiers out there so i 'll be fine . i 'm going as a volunteer , not a mercenary , so i do n't think i 'll be stopped . i 'm not being paid . ' the former military man added : ' not seeing my kids is my biggest fear before death . ' people are going to have to give their lives to stop isis and if one of them has to be me , then so be it . mr costa ( pictured ) will leave his wife and children behind to fight against isis for three months . ' i am not doing it for any monetary gain and i am not doing it for fame . ' my wife was not impressed when i told her , but she understands . ' the war that 's happening over there will happen over here . it 's just a matter of how long it will be before it comes here . ' steven said he aims to fight against the extremists for three months before returning to his family . ' if i have committed to something , i have to see it through , ' he said . otherwise it would bug me for the rest of my life . ' terror police warned mr costa against the trip but do not have the power to stop him leaving unless they suspect of him of carrying out an offence . detective sergeant martin lakey from the south west counter terrorism intelligence unit , said : ' whilst it is not illegal to travel to countries such as syria and iraq , if your activities amount to offences against uk terrorism legislation , you could be prosecuted on return to the uk . ' where there is a creditable likelihood of any british national travelling to high-risk area including syria and iraq , we will try to work with that person to ensure that they are fully aware of the risks , including highlighting the threat of kidnapping , and the effect of their travelling to fight could have on friends and family back in the uk . ' our security advice is always in line with guidance given out by the home office in relation to foreign travel advice to high-risk areas . ' sir edward garnier qc , the former solicitor general , warned last year that britons who fight against terrorists in the middle east would be interviewed by the police on their return . he told radio 4 's today programme : ' we are in a terrible grey area , not least because we don’t know enough about what they are doing . ' the united kingdom is trying to defeat isil . but freelancers are not acting on behalf of the united kingdom . they may well be guilty of murder , or other sorts of crimes , or they might not be guilty of anything . ' it goes to the general story who go abroad to fight in other people’s wars place themselves not only in physical danger , but in that legal limbo land where they could , if they get on the wrong side of this almost invisible line , into trouble when they get home . '