' nurse death ' : vera maresova , 50 , has confessed to killing five women and one man at the hospital . a former nurse in the czech republic has admitted murdering six of her elderly patients with massive doses of potassium in order to ease her workload . vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in rumburk - a small town in the north of the country . dubbed ' nurse death ' by local media , maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august , but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation . according to the prosecution , maresova injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her six elderly patients , which caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death . all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital and it is believed maresova thought their deaths would simply be attributed to natural causes . initially arrested last august for the death of one patient , a 70-year-old woman who died from potassium poisoning in june , maresova subsequently admitted killing five others dating back to 2010 . in total her victims included five women and one man . ' all of her victims were elderly and needed intensive treatment , ' a police spokesperson said . ' the woman who was supposed to care for them but instead killed them because she wanted to make life easier for herself , ' he added . ' the terrible number of victims is six . we do not suspect the nurse committed any more murders ' ; , he went on to say . confession : vera maresova ( right ) was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august , but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation . sick : all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital and it is believed vera maresova ( pictured covering her house outside court ) thought their deaths would be attributed to natural causes . location : vera maresova killed five women and one man over a four-year period at this hospital in rumburk - a small town in the north of the czech republic . prosecutor frantisek stibor said : ' she is not insane and knew exactly what she was doing . therefore she is fit to stand trial . ' she used her knowledge of medicine to cause malfunctions in heart rhythms which led to heart failure and death . ' the first murder was in january 2010 and was followed by another at the end of 2011 . in april 2012 she killed her third victim and three more between february and june 2014 . having confessed to the crime , 50-year-old maresova now faces the prospect of spending the rest of her life in prison .