a darwin woman has become a tv sensation in the philippines , earning a legion of adoring fans in southeast asia and an award nomination for her role in the country 's answer to us hit series modern family . after struggling to hit the big time in australia , bubbly blonde natalia moon followed her dreams and moved to the philippines in 2012 . she became fluent in the local language , tagalog , in the hope of becoming a star . scroll down for video . natalia moon ( pictured ) learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family . the darwin woman moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia . natalia moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the philippines . the risk paid off as the 23-year-old , who promotes herself as ' the barbie from down under ' , landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named natalia , in the new sitcom ' ismol family ' . the aussie , born natalie stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language . she fits in so well in her adopted home that she is known as ' the blonde filipino ' . the aussie , born natalie stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language . the 23-year-old , who promotes herself as ' the barbie from down under ' , landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named natalia , in the new sitcom ' ismol family ' . this year , she unsuccessfully auditioned for asia 's got talent , in the hope of representing the philippines . with the support of her strong fan base , ms moon will attend the golden screen tv awards on april 26 where she is nominated for outstanding breakthrough performance by an actress . with the support of her strong fan base , ms moon will attend the golden screen tv awards on april 26 where she is nominated for outstanding breakthrough performance by an actress . the much-loved show has also received a nomination for best comedy . the multi-talented youngster from australia 's top end is also embarking on a singing career , writing and performing songs in both english and tagalog . the multi-talented youngster from australia 's top end is also embarking on a singing career , writing and performing songs in both english and tagalog . she fits in so well in her adopted home that she is known as ' the blonde filipino ' . ms moon performs a very diverse range of musical styles including country , pop , r & b and rap . this year , she unsuccessfully auditioned for asia 's got talent , in the hope of representing the philippines . the triple threat performed in front of judges melanie c from the spice girls , anggun , david foster and vanness wu , singing super bass by nikki minaj and rita ora 's i will never let you down . ' acting 's what i really love , but if you do that you have to do everything – i 've started singing , and dancing , ' she told nt news . ' but the filipino people are so supportive , they 're really accepting and warm . ' ms moon performs a very diverse range of musical styles including country , pop , r & b and rap .