radar images from europe 's sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail . the information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram , which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the earth 's land mass . by comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster . the tallest point in the world , however , still stands at 29,029 feet , according to the weather channel . additionally , an area 75 miles ( 120km ) by 30 miles ( 50km ) has lifted up 3.2ft ( 1 metre ) from the ground around the capital , kathmandu . interferogram over kathmandu , nepal , generated from two sentinel-1a scans on 17 and 29 april 2015 – before and after the 25 april earthquake . each ‘fringe’ of colour represents about 3cm of deformation . the large amount of fringes indicates a large deformation pattern of 3.2ft ( 1 metre ) from the ground around kathmandu . scene : a rescue chopper prepares to land , evacuating climbers from higher camps to everest base camp , nepal . new radar images have shown that mount everest shrank one inch following the nepal earthquake this week . these are the first radar images to reveal the destruction caused by the 7-magnitude earthquake that killed 5,000 people and affected millions more . ' there 's a peak of slip just to the northeast of kathmandu , ' professor tim wright from the natural environment research council told the bbc . he explained that what scientists count are the coloured ' fringes ' in the interferogram , of which there are about 34 from this quake . this translates to more than 3.2ft ( 1 metre ) of uplift . to the north of kathmandu , the interferogram suggests that the ground receded , and it also shows how a fault ruptured east from the epicentre , but did not break the surface . combining two sentinel-1a radar scans from 17 and 29 april 2015 , this interferogram shows changes on the ground that occurred during the 25 april earthquake that struck nepal . an overall area of 120x100 km has moved – half of that uplifted and the other half , north of kathmandu subsided . vertical accuracy is a few centimetres . sentinel-1a interferogram over kathmandu , nepal , showing deformation induced by the 25 april 2015 earthquake . east–west ‘fringes’ cross the city , with each coloured fringe corresponding to 2.8 cm of ground displacement ( both uplift and subsidence ) . the interferogram combines two sentinel-1a images from 17 and 29 april 2015 . launch : 3 april 2014 french guiana . life : minimum of seven years . mass : 2300 kg ( 5070 lbs ) . dimensions : 9.2ft ( 2.8m ) long , 8.2ft ( 2.5m ) wide , 13ft ( 4m ) high . mission : monitoring sea ice , oil spills , winds and waves , land-use change and to respond to emergencies such as floods and earthquakes . how it works : radar works by sending out radio waves and timing how long it takes for them to reflect back . the satellite uses a technique called ' synthetic aperture radar interferometry ' . two or more satellite radar images of the same area are combined to detect large-scale changes . small changes on the ground modify the reflected radar signal and lead to rainbow-coloured fringes in the ' interferogram ' . professor wright says this suggests not all the strain in the rocks before the earthquake was released in during the catastrophic event . sentinel-1a 's swath width of 155 miles ( 250km ) over land surfaces has allowed for an unprecedented area size to be analysed from a single scan . scientists say the entire area will be covered under the same geometry every 12 days , allowing for the wider region to be regularly monitored for changes in the land . its ability to ' see ' through cloud and rain and in pitch darkness make it particularly useful for monitoring earthquakes and for offering images for emergency response . this is because it uses radar which works by sending out radio waves and timing how long it takes for them to reflect back . radio waves travel through air virtually unimpeded , but materials like metal , rock and water act almost as mirrors which can help reveal those areas inundated by floods . it also makes no different to radar if the earth is in darkness . sentinel-1a is the first satellite for the copernicus environment-monitoring programme led by the european commission . the copernicus ems was activated on the day the earthquake struck , prompting esa to begin collecting satellite imagery , which is being made available to support relief efforts . in parallel , the international charter space and major disasters was activated by india , china and the un . meanwhile , nasa has posted its own images of the earthquake providing much less detail due to cloud cover . ' while we regularly post imagery of natural hazards , the weather and the satellites have n't cooperated in this case , ' the space agency wrote in a blog . ' the orbital track of the satellites and the specific capabilities of the sensors on board determine whether we have imagery to share . in the case of nepal , things have n't lined up in our favour . ' the satellite imagery is used to create maps to support relief efforts , such as this ‘ grading map’ of kathmandu showing topographic features and crisis information . the red squares show road blockss , the green people markers show crowds , red dots are areas that are destroyed and yellow dots are areas that are possibly affected . the yellow lines mark out primary roads in the area . sentinel-1 carries a radar that works in several specialised modes to provide detailed imagery ( artist 's impression left ) . the data will be used for applications such as monitoring the oceans , including shipping lanes , sea ice and oil spills . it also provides data to map changing land cover and deformations such as those produced by saturday 's devastating earthquake in nepal ( right ) . mount everest before and after the earthquake . not much change is visible because of a fresh coat of snow and cloud cover . the april 23 image was acquired by the operational land imager on landsat 8 . nasa has posted its own images of the earthquake providing much less detail due to cloud cover . ' while we regularly post imagery of natural hazards , the weather and the satellites have n't cooperated in this case , ' the space agency wrote in a blog .