point of view footage captured the terrifying moment a skier became caught up in an avalanche . skiing with a friend in revelstoke , canada , zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . after exhaling air , he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner . skiing off to the right , the man makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain – thick snow can be seen burying his skis . suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind him . panicking , the man attempts to come to a stop , but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain . zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain with a friend and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . he begins shouting , which he later explains alongside the original upload of the video , was his way of making sure his friend knew what was happening . suddenly the skier can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow closes in around him and in a matter of moments he is completely submerged . what follows is hazy footage of a terrifying scuffle as the skier attempts to find the surface of the snow . before too long the skier re-emerges – panting in shock as he catches his breath . the man begins skiing off to the right before making a controlled turn and heading back across the mountain . suddenly the skier can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow from the off-piste slope closes in around him . the skier , who was lucky to escape serious injury , later discussed the incident online . he wrote : ‘ [ i ] pulled my shoulder slightly , lost a pole , best , worst case scenario for sure . ’ discussing the incident , cornelia accola from the wsl institute for snow and avalanche research slf spoke to mailonline . she stated that while it is not easy to see why the avalanche occurred from the video , the amount of fresh snow and steep terrain could be to blame . in a matter of moments the skier , who shouts for his friend 's assistance , is entirely trapped beneath the snow . re-emerging not too long after disappearing , the skier pants in shock as he attempts to get his breath back . she also gave advice on what to do should you find yourself in a similar situations . ' if you are caught in such an avalanche then try to escape out of the avalanche area , ' said ms accola . let go of your ski poles , try to open your bindings , ( rarely possible ) pull your knees toward your chest and hold your arms in front of your face . '