it might not sound very romantic . but ditching the idea that we should we should marry for life could help many of us have happier relationships , according to a marriage therapist . a fixed-term starter marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a 'wedlease'- would work better for many couples , argues susan pease gadoua . a relationship expert has suggested that a renewable marriage contract known as a ' wedlease ' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces . in her new book , the new i do , which was co-written with vicki larson , she claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ' sets up too many people for failure ' . so , instead of promising 'til death do us part ' , couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ' two , three , four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner ' . at the end of the stated contract period , the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways , or continue with the marriage , at which point they should draw up a revised contract . ' a starter marriage is a short-term contract for couples to ' try on ' the institution to see if it fits – without bringing children into the mix – before jumping into a life-long contract , ' mrs pease gadoua said . ' we have learner 's permits for driving , we have internships before starting careers and we have probationary or modifiable contracts in many other business negotiations , yet the greatest and most in-depth legal contract that most of us will ever enter requires that you commit to one person forever with precious little information about what it will entail . ' relationship counsellor susan pease gadoua says that traditional weddings set people up for failure . the starter marriage can be an improvement on the traditional marital model because ' each spouse will need to be paying closer attention to his or her actions and stick to what was agreed to , lest his or her partner decides not to renew a few years down the road ' , the 53 year old claims . and if the couple do decide to part , the separation should be more amicable than other divorces might be and reduce the odds of individuals feeling like they have ' failed ' , she adds . ' because a starter marriage by its nature avoids the drama that typically goes along with a marital dissolution , you and your former spouse will more likely be able to sit down and compare notes about what worked and what did n't . ' if the couple stay together , the new contract could be amended to fit another of the specific marital models that mrs pease gadoua advocates . for example , if they want children , they could sign a ' parenting marriage ' contract ( couples should remain childless while in a starter marriage ' because it 's a bad idea to ' try on ' marriage with young lives in the balance ' ) , with new rules and goals . or if monogamy proved a challenge during the starter marriage , an open marriage contract ' might be an attractive option ' , she said . but mrs pease gadoua , who got married at the age of 43 , stresses that the starter marriage is not about just marrying anyone for the sake of being married , and it does n't mean that you should marry in the hope of it ending by a certain time – ' you 're just not going to vow ' until death do us part ' , ' she said . susan 's book the new ' i do ' explores alternatives to the traditional nuptials . and , the american claims , despite its temporary nature , a starter marriage is not the same as cohabiting . not only does marriage give you more legal and financial protection , couples often have different expectations while living together , and roles can be confused . she also claims friends , families , and society view cohabiters differently , with fewer people regarding them as a family unit when unmarried . couples can also slide into living together with completely different expectations , she warns . one of the pair may see it as a way of saving on living expenses while the other assumes it 's a stepping stone to marriage . a starter marriage can ' help couples align expectations , create a plan of what each partner will contribute to the marriage , clarify goals and strategize what will happen if one or both do n't want to renew the contract , ' she said . a typical contract would cover areas such as finances , sex ( amount , and views on monogamy ) , career priorities , and even how free time should be spent ( with specific rules about visiting in-laws ) . ' if you want to explore what being married is like , living together wo n't really give you the answer , ' she said . ' having a starter marriage with a contract , however , will . ' and it will make you smarter and more prepared for either the renewal of your marital contract or a new marriage with a new partner . ' she does admit however , that limited term marriages will be unthinkable for many . ' marriage should be considered ' successful ' by what it has accomplished , not by how long it lasts , ' she said . ' if people are going to continue to see marriage that way , then , yes – a renewable contract is going to create quite a bit of angst for many of them . ' but harry benson , research director at marriage foundation , the think-tank which champions marriage , said the idea of a starter marriage ' undermines commitment ' and reduces it to a ' business contract ' . ' the basic premise of commitment is to make a plan for an indefinite future together , ' he said . ' anything less than that is a business contract . ' without such a clear view of the future , there is no need to sacrifice , to forgive , to prioritise one another , all of which are fundamental characteristics of a successful relationship . ' most importantly , commitment is about giving up other choices . if i choose you , i have stopped choosing others . ' that unconditional choice sends a signal that provides clarity , intent , and removes ambiguity . ' setting a time limit utterly undermines commitment and sabotages it from the very beginning . ' all relationships are difficult because all of us are different . ' even if a little over a third of marriages fail , most last for life . success stories outside of marriage are the exception . ' the idea of a starter marriage might hold superficial appeal . but it is ultimately doomed to failure because it runs contrary to human nature . ' everyone wants reliable love . limited term contracts are n't the way to do it . ' divorces are most likely to occur between the fourth and eight wedding anniversary , with half of all divorces happening in the first 10 years of marriage , according to the office for national statistics . if you do n't fancy a starter marriage , here are some of mrs pease gadoua 's other alternatives… . parenting marriage : main aim is to provide a loving , stable home for children . couple do not have to be in love . time-limited , in that the couple agree to stay together for a specific period , e.g . until the youngest child has reached 18 , or graduated from university . may feel that you have settled , and disappointed about missing out on a passionate , romantic relationship . living alone together marriage : offers ' healthy balance between personal fulfilment and intimacy ' , with each spouse free to pursue own goals and passions . good for the strongly career-driven or those with children from previous relationship as you do n't have the complications of blending a family . may feel lonely or suspicious , and it can be an expensive arrangement . safety marriage : marrying for financial security and a desire to live a lifestyle you are accustomed to , or aspire to . one spouse is financially secure and the other has something else to bring to the table like sex , or an ability to caretake . might create a power imbalance , and you might face judgment from others . open marriage : get to sleep with other people while maintaining an intimate relationship . if differing sex drives , can both feel satisfied . may feel jealous or shameful and insecure . partner may become emotionally attached to someone else .  