suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential £40million offshore nest egg . his family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges , giving him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the city . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london , giving him a massive commercial advantage . sarao , 36 , was dubbed the ' hound of hounslow ' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents , despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home . suspected rogue trader navinder sarao ( circled ) lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . sarao 's family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london ( pictured ) is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges . he was arrested on tuesday at the request of us authorities , who have accused him of helping to trigger the wall street ' flash crash ' of 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices . the former brunel university student allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ' flash crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in wall street history . he is accused of using computer programs to create ' spoof ' transactions on the chicago mercantile exchange , and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence . arrest : navinder singh sarao is accused of making £26million by ' spoofing ' the stock market from his parents ' semi in hounslow , west london . he spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . neil crammond , who in 2002 helped train sarao in his first trading job at futex in woking , surrey , said he had quickly become one of its most successful traders , and that the family 's home in hounslow was perfectly located for sarao 's operation . he told the daily mail : ' one of the exchange servers is based at slough . the nearer you are the faster your order travels . ' he could overtake orders from the city , meaning he was better placed to profit on tiny fluctuations in the market . it 's only nanoseconds but these minuscule amounts of time are literally worth a fortune to traders . every nanosecond counts . ' there is no suggestion of any wrongdoing by sarao during his time at futex , which he left in 2008 . according to the times his company accounts show that he paid £23million to an employee trust plus another £15million ' guarantee fee ' - a type of security - was also paid in , taking it close to £40million . a former colleague told mailonline today : ' he was a super human trader - we were in awe of his ability to make money . when he left futex he took £2.5million from his account with him . that was unheard of . ' we were all encouraged to set up offshore accounts . if he has as much money as people think then that 's where it 'll be ' . sarao ( pictured in court ) spent a third night in custody last night after failing to pay the £5million surety demanded by the courts to grant him bail . sarao allegedly masterminded – from his home computer – the wall street ‘ flash crash’ of 2010 in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices . but the whereabouts of his alleged £26million profit is a mystery . sarao once wrote to a trade magazine claiming he made between £30,000 and £88,000 each day , but former colleagues said the trader had scant regard for the trappings of his success , living a frugal life . he is said to have ' loved making money , not spending it ' , and friend told mailonline he would make £250,000 a day trading . despite his alleged wealth he would travel to work late so he could buy off-peak tickets , only have lunch if he could find cut price sandwiches and shunned drinking in pubs for pints of milk at his desk . sarao , who was scruffy and dishevelled in the dock during his extradition hearing on wednesday , was able to offer a £5million surety to secure conditional bail - but it is yet to be paid . the brunel university graduate is said to be ' scruffy ' , ' not flashy ' and does not own a car so uses a fold-up bike - but is sometimes seen in his parents ' vauxhall corsa . adam whiting , a fellow trader who sat next sarao for eight months , said : ' one thing i will say is nav used to wear a tracksuit every day even when an early millionaire ! ' he added : ' everyone banging on about his s***** hounslow house . from what i remember nav only loved making money , not spending it ' . first job : sarao started his trading career at this office in woking where former colleagues described him has a ' legendary ' trader who made huge sums of money . panic : traders at the new york stock exchange watch in disbelief as the markets tumbled during the ' flash crash ' five years ago . mr whiting revealed that sarao had spent £100 on clothing sports direct but he later made £15,000 on a single deal . he said : ' when the trade came back he took all his clothes back . ' another former colleague told mailonline : ' nav is a bit like rain man . he would never come out drinking , never socialise , i 'm not sure he had friends , but he was quite brilliant at his job . ' in six months in his last job before going it alone i know he made up to £4million in six months and at futex he made £250,000 a day at times . people were in awe of him and his brain . ' but he was also known for being tight , he would wear the same shell suit , had a fold up bike because he had no car and would drink milk from a bottle at his desk . however , school friends said sarao had briefly lived a flashier lifestyle when he began making money in his mid 20s . aman singh , 36 , a former classmate , said : ' he used to go to strip clubs where he would flash his cash and pay for dances . ' i do n't think he 's ever had a girlfriend . he did n't seem interested in meeting girls unless it was strippers in these bars . ' in a 2014 email to the uk financial conduct authority , sarao said : ' i am a trader who changes his mind very , very quickly , one second i 'm prepared to buy the limit of 2,000 , the next second i may change my mind and get out . ' this is what is unique about my trading , i trade very large but change my mind in a second . ' sarao described himself as ' an old school point and click trader ' , saying he used his computer mouse to place each trade – which appears to contradict us allegations he used computer programs to manipulate markets .