robert knowles , 68 , is a serial shoplifter who has clocked up nearly 350 offences since 1959 . britain 's most persistent crook with a criminal career spanning 50 years has been jailed again after his 190th court appearance . robert knowles , 68 , from plymouth , devon , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record , which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences . it is believed knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime . he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from h samuel in the city centre at plymouth magistrates court in his most recent offence and jailed for 16 weeks . the court heard he had only recently been released from a six week jail sentence imposed by the same court and was told he must pay an £80 victim surcharge . knowles , who has spent most of his adult life in prison , had been living briefly in a hostel in plymouth before the thefts on march 14 . defence lawyers say the pensioner only goes between 24 and 72 hours before he is rearrested after each court appearance . ' nobody knows why he does it , ' his long-term solicitor alan harris said . ' nobody knows whether he is effectively waiting to die in prison . ' at a previous court hearing , mr harris told magistrates knowles is an alcoholic who ' recognises himself as institutionalised ' and steals to go back to jail . in 2013 he was caught stealing two boxes of chocolate from thorntons but despite eating the £13 chocolates in the street , a security guard let him off with a warning . he then went to a nearby tesco metro and walked out with £26 of food - prompting staff to call police . and in 2011 , knowles admitted stealing two bottles of whiskey , watches and socks worth £279 from marks and spencer . during that hearing at the same court , mr harris said : ‘ he can cope very easily with prison but can not cope very well with the world outside . ' this is as bleak a plea and mitigation as this court can ever wish to hear . ’ knowles left prison six months later and committed another shoplifting offence within a week , this time stealing a watch , sunglasses , underwear and socks worth £79 . he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from h samuel in the city centre at plymouth magistrates court in his most recent offence and jailed for 16 weeks . the crown prosecution service can not give a full breakdown of his offences because so many of them they pre-date its creation in 1986 . knowles , who was sent to a correctional school in 1959 , has been one of several criminals to win the dubious honour of being named ' britain 's most prolific thief ' . those with an even worse record include bolton kleptomaniac harry hankinson , 64 - who in june blamed his 501 crimes on a blow to the head in 1970 which changed his personality . and in march david archer , from prestatyn , north wales , clocked up his 343rd offence - just edging out competition from knowles . 