a small mistake from lewis hamilton allowed mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to gain the upper hand in second practice for the bahrain grand prix . to some extent the duo took it easy in fp1 as the team focused on a particular plan given the session was hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race . come the start , and with the track exceptionally dusty given its desert setting and which will naturally improve over the weekend with use , the circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively . nico rosberg ( pictured ) got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice . rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place . hamilton ( left ) takes a corner in sakhir , bahrain ahead of ferrari driver sebastian vettel . come the start of fp2 at 6pm local time , when qualifying and the race commence under the hundreds of lights around the circuit , both temperatures had dropped considerably and that is when rosberg and hamilton came to the fore . in fp1 pace was not their concern as the duo finished 15th and 16th , 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift respectively of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari . in fp2 , and with the natural order restored as they finished first and second at the top of the timesheet , just 0.115secs was the gap at the end of their runs on the soft pirelli tyre , the quicker of the two compounds this weekend . that was due to a lock-up from hamilton in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit which cost him four tenths of a second , otherwise he would likely have beaten rosberg by three tenths given he was faster in sectors one and two . it allowed rosberg to lead the way with a lap of one minute 34.647secs , with mercedes ' nearest rivals again raikkonen and sebastian vettel , but half a second back . vettel had his issues throughout the day , though , initially in fp1 as his car suffered a loss of power at one point , but with enough time in hand to ensure he returned to the circuit . hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the bahrain international circuit , leaving him in second . sparks fly from the rear end of hamilton 's mercedes during a practice session in bahrain . in fp2 , with nine minutes remaining , force india 's sergio perez clipped vettel 's car , ripping off the front-wing endplate on the left side . with debris on the track the session was red flagged , and with the stewards also announcing an investigation into the incident for causing a collision . come the restart , raikkonen and hamilton took a wide berth in exiting the pit lane around a couple of cars that were slow away , far from impressing the stewards who are to also look at the duo 's unnecessary manoeuvres . behind the leading quartet came williams ' valtteri bottas followed by daniel ricciardo in his red bull and lotus of pastor maldonado , all within a second of rosberg . sauber 's felipe nasr , daniil kvyat in his red bull and the williams of felipe massa completed the top 10 , with the latter 1.237secs off the pace . sebastian vettel had issues throughout the day , eventually finishing the second practice in fourth place . vettel finished fourth , behind rosberg , hamilton and third-placed kimi raikkonen in bahrain . mclaren 's fernando alonso was 1.5secs back in 12th , whilst for team-mate jenson button it was a day to forget . in fp1 an electrical fault which cut the engine in the middle of turn one ended button 's session after just three minutes , with the team unable to carry out a repair . in fp2 the veteran was on his third lap when his car ground to a halt , although on this occasion his mechanics were able to send him back out . button eventually completed 15 laps , finishing down in 19th place between manor duo will stevens , who finished 4.484secs back , and team-mate roberto merhi .