david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech yesterday - despite the fact he 's always claimed to be an aston villa fan . the prime minister subsequently admitted he 'd suffered a ' brain fade ' during the election campaign address in croydon , where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities . he said : ' this a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place . david cameron looks a bit sheepish after accidentally urging the audience to support west ham - though he did n't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards . last week the conservative leader tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final by beating liverpool . ' we are a shining example of a country where multiple identities work . ' a country where you can be welsh and hindu and british , northern irish and jewish and british , where you can wear a kilt and a turban , where you can wear a hijab covered in poppies . ' where you can support man utd , the windies and team gb all at the same time . ' of course , i 'd rather you supported west ham . ' the conservative leader was pulled up on the error after the speech , which he read from an autocue , though the party has since admitted it was not included in his prepared text but was an off the cuff remark . it was omitted from the official transcript of his speech issued by the conservative party . cameron blamed his gaffe on a ' brain fade ' like that suffered by green party leader natalie bennett earlier in the campaign . he said : ' i 'm a villa fan ... i must have been overcome by something ... this morning . ' but there we are , these things sometimes happen when you are on the stump . ' the two teams do both play in a claret blue colours - albeit in stadiums 130 miles apart . only last week cameron tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final by beating liverpool 2-1 at wembley . he told the birmingham mail : ' it was a tremendous game with [ club stars ] benteke and delph doing villa proud , against the odds . i ca n't wait to watch the final at the end of may . ' the pm has been a fan since his teens after after he was taken to villa park aged 13 by his uncle sir william dugdale , who was club chairman from 1975 to 1982 . sir william died last year . the pm has been a villa fan since his teens and is pictured here during a game against qpr in 2011 . piers morgan was one of a number of football fans to lay in to the prime minister on twitter over his error . his error was swiftly seized upon by his political rivals , as the hashtag # villagate began trending on twitter . labour 's former communications chief alastair campbell - whose own team burnley also play in claret and blue - said the mistake ' says a lot about his character which impacts upon policy . out of touch . phoney . believes nothing . ' campbell said every sports fan would have their ' stomach churning ' to hear the pm apparently forget the name of the team he supported , adding : ' i am sorry but this alone means cameron has to go . total million percent phoney , as ( villa manager ) tim sherwood might say . ' shadow chancellor ed balls , a fervent norwich city fan , tweeted : ' hey david cameron ... i 'm off to see that football team i support this afternoon . name escapes me ... they play in yellow ... watford ? ' but former conservative press officer jonathan collett , a fellow villa supporter , said he believed the mistake was down to an error in mr cameron 's speech . ' pm is a passionate villa fan . takes son to matches ... suspect speechwriter error , ' said mr collett . soon after the prime minister 's gaffe comedian matt lucas took to twitter , creating an amusing new team name . he posted : ' david cameron just remembered his favourite football team is weston villham . ' while former england footballer gary lineker posted a video of the ' brain fade ' and wrote : ' david cameron has forgotten which football club he supports . aston villa last week , west ham this . burnely next ? ' . cameron backed aston villa 's new manager tim sherwood ( pictured ) to make an impact in the club 's bid to stave off premier league relegation . nigel farage also made fun of cameron , telling pa he not make ' pretences ' about football teams he supports and then change them but revealed his son is a crystal palace season ticket holder . the ukip leader said : ' my grandfather was a crystal palace supporter , my grandmother was , my eldest son is a season ticket holder , he 's there this afternoon , there 's a match against hull today . ' football 's not a big part of my life but i do n't make pretences about teams i support and then chop and change them . ' when he was first elected to parliament in 2001 , cameron said he did not follow football , telling the house of commons in a debate on hooliganism that year : ' many of those who have spoken in the debate or have written about the subject are either lawyers or football fans , but i have to confess that i am neither . ' the first mentions in the national press of his liking for aston villa came after he was elected tory leader in 2005 . he was reported in 2006 to have written on his blog that he 'half-heartedly ' supported villa and could name only three of their players . mr cameron was asked about the slip-up in an interview with sky news ' murnaghan to be broadcast tomorrow . asked to confirm which team he actually supports , he said : ' i 've been an aston villa fan all my life , i literally opened my mouth and i was going off-piste about the fact that in britain you can be a supporter of the west indies , a supporter of manchester united , and a supporter of team gb . ' i was then busking about other things you can support and was ... i do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things . ' former labour spin doctor alastair campbell , also a fan of a claret coloured team , enjoyed the pm 's gaffe . asked if it was on the script , he said : ' no , it was n't on the script , i was going off-script to add to the examples , and i suppose it is just the campaign . by the time you have made as many speeches as i have on this campaign all sorts of funny things start popping out of your mouth . ' asked if he remembered watching aston villa beat bayern munich in the european cup final as a child , he said : ' i do , that 's why i became a villa fan . ' pressed to say when it was , he replied : ' i 'm not doing quiz time because i 'll get them all wrong , but that 's not what i 'm here to talk about . ' that 's why i became a villa fan , because my uncle was involved in the club , and back in the early 80s , with all those successes , and andy gray and brian little , and that 's what got me going . ' but i do n't go very often , in fact i have n't been for years and years , but i try and keep up , and i 'm hoping we are going to escape the relegation zone , which we 're out of now , and obviously the fa cup final is very exciting . ' the prime minister ' mistake was soon trending on twitter as # villagate . he blamed it on a ' brain fade ' like that suffered by green party leader natalie bennett earlier in the election campaign . reminded of his comment in 2001 in the house of commons that he was n't actually a football fan , mr cameron said : ' i mean , i 'm not a regular attender , i used to play football as a kid , my son plays football , and i try and sort of keep up with what 's happening in the premier league and see how villa are doing . ' but when they get snug in the middle of the table i tend to sort of , i tend to back off a bit . when we get close to the bottom i get nervous , but i do n't know what happened this morning . ' asked a final time to name the year villa won the european cup ( 1982 ) , he said : ' it was early eighties . i 'm not going to give you a date because i 'll get it wrong . ' asked who scored the one goal ( peter withe ) , he replied : ' you 're wasting your precious interview time . ' in february he publically backed new manager tim sherwood to make an impact in villa 's efforts to stave off premier league relegation , saying : ' i am hoping for a couple of villa gains to lift us out of the danger zone . ' he has been pictured at villa games in the past , including a clash with qpr at loftus road in 2011 .