ryan wray , 26 , was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on friday . a former utah state university fraternity president who was arrested in march on suspicion of sexual assault was officially charged in first district court on friday . ryan wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest . wray , who served as the 2013 and 2014 pi kappa alpha president , was tasked with keeping safe women who ' could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house , the salt lake tribune reported . a woman who went to a party at the ' pike house ' told police she awoke to find wray ' touching her inappropriately without her approval ' according to ksl . the woman , who said she was drunk at the time , discussed the incident with other women who then reported having similar experiences . when wray was brought in by the logan city police department for questioning , he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out , the herald journal reported . he also admitted to groping two other women . so far only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police . all of the women were under 21 . wray was released on $ 10,000 bail after his arrest . wray posted this picture on facebook and wrote : ' feel like being the new pres requires at least 1 frat selfie ' . a woman who went to a party at the ' pike house ' said she awoke to find wray ' touching her inappropriately ' . the pi kappa alpha chapter at usu decided to suspend wray after his arrest and then also ceased operations . the pi kappa alpha chapter at usu decided to suspend wray after his arrest and then ' voluntarily ceased operations , other than general meetings ' . the chapter said it ' will continue to cooperate with local authorities and their investigation ' . justin a. buck , the frat 's executive vice president , said : ' i am extremely disappointed to learn of mr wray 's unacceptable and illegal behavior . ' i am proud of the young men of gamma epsilon who took decisive action to hold mr wray accountable for his actions . ' wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted . the usu student association website still lists wray as the president of the school 's pi kappa alpha chapter . wray faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted and is supposed to appear first district court on may 4 . usu could also discipline , suspend or expel him . university spokesman tim vitale said : ' obviously these are extremely serious allegations and we respond immediately to any complaints of student sexual assault . ' the safety of our students is always first and foremost in our mind and we will take immediate and appropriate action to protect them . ' the usu student association website still lists wray as the president of the school 's pi kappa alpha chapter . he is supposed to appear in court on may 4 .