he may be the fastest man on the planet , but usain bolt has made no secret of his love for chicken nuggets , kfc hot wings , pringles crisps and a pint of guinness . but now the jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a ' lot more vegetables ' , despite confessing that ' he hates them all ' . and it is his chef who is entrusted with the unenviable task of chasing him round the house to check he is eating his greens . cutting back : usain bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead . ' i have n't had kfc for about four months , which is killing me ' , the 28-year-old sprinter said in an interview with runner 's world . ' i 've tried to bribe my chef but not only is he not bribeable , he chases me around the house and makes sure i eat what he 's cooked . ' he also lays out my vitamin pills and supplements in front of me so i ca n't `` forget '' to take them . ' i eat a lot more vegetables - and i hate them all . i used to eat them occasionally , but now with every meal i have a plate just for veg . but i ca n't get away any more with just winging it . ' to perform how i want i have to be perfect in training - and eating right is a part of training - so down it goes . ' he added : ' i 've backed off hard liquor too - rum and that stuff - but i still drink guinness , or a heineken or two . a guy 's got to have something , right . ' perfection : the sprinter said that he needs to be ' perfect in training ' and ' eating right is a part of training ' . showman : the jamaican has always been notorious for his unhealthy diet and love of fast food . bolt , who won gold with an olympic record of 9.63 at london 2012 , admitted eating a mcdonald 's wrap on the morning of the race , as well as ' some hash browns , rice and pork . ' he also consumed 1,000 mcnuggets as he set three world records at the 2008 beijing olympics , earning three gold medals . bolt , 28 , is not the only athlete who has confessed to having an unhealthy diet . michael phelps , the most decorated olympian of all time with 22 medals , enjoyed a staggering 12,000 calorie breakfast diet . this included three fried egg sandwiches , with cheese , tomatoes , lettuce , fried onions and mayonnaise ; a five-egg omelette , three sugar-coated slices of french toast , and bowl of grits , two cups of coffee and three chocolate chip pancakes . elsewhere in the interview , bolt said tyson gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating and branded the decision to shorten his punishment ' the stupidest thing i 've ever heard ' . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is now set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport . the interview with usain bolt appears in the may issue of runner 's world .