bringing the high street to sydney 's shire , topshop and topman is set to launch a second store in nsw at westfield miranda on thursday 16th april . in a nod to it 's english heritage , the brand will pull out all stops , chauffeuring fashion influencers in london black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances , opening offers , complimentary stylists and giveaways . to officially kick off the event , an exclusive breakfast will be hosted by australian beauty and australia 's next top model judge cheyenne tozzi . scroll down for video . top spot : iconic uk brand topshop and topman is set to open second sydney store in westfield miranda . cue the crowds : the flagship sydney store had thousands camp out in the lead up to its opening in 2012 . and for the lucky fashionistas who attend the event , they will be able to mingle in the in the personal styling suite among home and away 's popular ' river boy ' nic westaway . the store which is said to be 100 square metre , will be a welcome international addition to the westfield miranda shopping centre which currently only stocks leading local labels . the uk brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from london each week , giving australian 's the opportunity to keep up to date with catwalk trends from overseas , seasons before they would be due to land here . celebrity charm : british label has asked cheyenne tozzi and nic westaway to host in the launch celebrations . an exclusive limited edition ' boutique ' line will also debut featuring designer collaborations as loved by celebrities such as cara delevingne , beyonce , kate moss and kendall jenner . the opening of westfield miranda is the first of several topshop and topman stores to roll out over the next twelve months according to the leading uk brand . this launch marks the seventh topshop store to open in australia and closely follows the opening of new zealand store last month . fashion flagship : topshop 's flagship store is in sydney 's cbd on the corner of george and market street . black is back : london black cabs will escort fashion bloggers to the launch of the westfield miranda store . the roll out also leads the way for other leading international brands who are set to launch their first sydney cbd stores including h & m and forever 21 who will open in sydney 's pitt street mall later this year . sydney 's current flagship store , which opened in 2012 , held a launch party that reportedly cost over $ 250,000 and was estimated to have over 30,000 people flock through the doors in the first day . if that 's anything to go by , it 's safe to say the grand opening of the new westfield miranda store will be a hit .