a size 24 woman who spent years gorging on discounted snacks on the supermarket she works at has lost seven stone after ditching the habit . leanne kenny , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food . the supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate , baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates . leanne kenny ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on leftover goods at her place of work , but after ditching the snacks leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st . it was n't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she could n't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight and cut out her unhealthy post-work snacks . following her strict diet and fitness regime leanne has shed seven stone and has shrunk down to 13 stone . leanne says that she had always struggled with her weight but the real problem began after starting her job in the co-op . leanne worked as a check out girl at the co-op and would snack on discounted products every day . leanne says that she had always struggled with her weight and was teased when she was in school . leanne says her break through moment came when she was unable to fit into the largest size in a store . ' even as a child , i was the biggest one among my friends but my weight really became a problem when i started my supermarket job and could n't resist the discounted treats , ' she said . ' i would get teased at high school but i put on such a confident front , laughing off the hurtful comments and plastering myself in makeup just to make myself feel better . ' by the age of 16 , leanne was already a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends so she swapped nights out with staying in wearing sweat pants and drinking fizzy drinks . leanne started her job as a team leader at co-op in 2010 , aged 19 , and she began piling on the pounds . by december 2013 , she weighed 19st 3lb and went shopping for a new dress but broke down in tears when she could n't fit into the store 's size 24 . leanne said : ' when i started working at co-op , i found out that lots of food was discounted at the end of the shift . leanne joined weight watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight . ' i could n't resist the temptation . i would tell myself that i was bringing it home so that the food would n't be wasted or would share it between my family but to be honest i would bring home food anyway whether it was cheap or not and it would all be for me . ' aware that she was gaining weight leanne attempted some weight-loss regimes but she would quickly give up . ' as my weight increased , i did try some diets but i just could n't stick with any of them . i 'd get hungry at work and then could n't resist the delicious snacks that were on offer . ' my weight soared but i ignored it until i could n't any longer - and could n't even fit into a size 24 . leanne , now a size 14 , plans to drop a further dress size by the summer . pictured here in her old work uniform . ' it was the dress incident where something finally clicked in my head . instead of coming home with a beautiful brand new dress i had to order a frumpy one online from a plus-sized store - i was mortified . ' it was this light-bulb moment that finally saw leanne make a dramatic change to her lifestyle . ' a week later i signed up to my local weight watchers . i immediately cut out bread and sugar and focused on walking . within six months i got into the swing of it and would walk every day - and managed to lose four stone . ' instead of stocking up on cakes , chocolate and crisps , i opted for fruit , veg and other healthy snacks instead . and i 've never felt better . ' leanne says that one of her proudest moments came when she visited a department store and was able to try on clothes . leanne credits her boyfriend dan ( pictured with her before weight loss ) for keeping her motivated . ' i went to debenhams in april and managed to fit into a pair of size 18 trousers . this time i cried tears of happiness - it was a long way from the last time i was in a high street changing room . ' leanne says that ditching her habit for after work snacks had been tricky but she had found something else to take home instead . ' the hardest thing has been stopping myself taking treats home from work , but i persevered and now take home fruit or vegetables . ' now leanne is down to a size 14 and regularly visits the gym , running every night and visiting four times a week . she credits her boyfriend of four years daniel tittensor for keeping her motivated throughout her weight loss and aims to lose another stone to reach her goal of being a size 12 by the summer . ' in december 2014 , i wore a size 14 dress which was a dream come true , ' said leanne . ' it made all the hard work worthwhile . the past year had been the hardest of my life , forcing myself to resist temptations , but now i can finally have bread and chocolate although in moderation . ' leanne added : ' i never thought i would be able to do it . all it takes is a heck of a lot of willpower and dedication . i 've kept an old dress and pair of trousers to remind me of how big i once was . i can fit both of my legs in one leg of my old trousers now ! ' i have never felt so good and for once i can look in the mirror and feel happy at what i see - no more discounted goods for me . '