david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself nose-to-nose on a heavily congested street with rafal cegielka , 45 , who was picking up his child . a driver punched a father on the school run then smashed up his car with a hockey stick in front of young children because he was having a ' bad day ' and saw red , a court has heard . david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself bumper-to-bumper on a heavily congested street with rafal cegielka , 45 , who was picking up his child from st john 's primary school , in burnley , lancashire . burnley magistrates ' court heard that the pair had both wound down their car windows , when moore then jumped out of his vehicle , and punched mr cegielka through his open car window . he then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim 's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off . finally , he then armed himself with the hockey stick from his home , and shouted : ' i 'll f***ing kill him ' in the street , before running after mr cegielka again and smashing up his car while he was still in it . the court heard the force of the attack caused damage worth £500 . moore later told police police he had had a ' bad day ' and ' his head was all over the place . ' at burnley magistrates court moore admitted assault by beating , destroying £100 worth of fencing and damaging mr cegielka 's car , on march 2 . he was given 16 weeks in prison , suspended for two years and was ordered to attend the resolve programme to address his violence and temper . he was also ordered to pay £650 compensation . prosecutor eddie harrison told the court the incident occurred at 2.50pm on march 2 , as the victim drove onto brent street , which is very narrow and came nose to nose with another vehicle . the cars then became level , going in different directions . moore , who was at the wheel of the other vehicle , wound down his window and mr cegielka did the same , wondering what he was going to say . but moore got out of his car , walked over and punched the victim in the face . he then grabbed mr cegielka 's ignition keys and hurled them into the vehicle . mr harrison added : ' the complainant says the defendant was totally out of control and continued shouting and swearing . burnley magistrates ' court heard that the pair had both wound down their car windows to exchange words outside st john 's primary school , in burnley , lancashire ( pictured ) , when moore then jumped out of his car , and punched mr cegielka through his open car window . he then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim 's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off . ' he was frightened by this behaviour and started his engine and drove away . ' he could see the male following him and it 's at this point that the defendant has gone to a fence at a house in the street , started pulling away the fence panel , snapped it off and run down the street after the vehicle with mr cegielka in it . he chased after the car , clearly trying to hit out at the vehicle . ' the prosecutor said the victim had to drive round the block and come back to the school to collect his child , when he again saw moore again . moore went into his house , got the hockey stick , and then ran after mr cegielka 's vehicle again , shouting : ' i 'll f***ing kill him . ' at burnley magistrates court moore admitted assault by beating , destroying £100 worth of fencing and damaging mr cegielka 's car , on march 2 . he was given 16 weeks in prison , suspended for two years and was ordered to attend the resolve programme to address his violence and temper . he was also ordered to pay £650 compensation . mr harrison said : ' he ran off down the middle of the road after the car and the defendant has struck it , causing damage to the vehicle whilst the complainant was still in it . he says this incident was completely unprovoked . he says he was terrified by this incident . ' moore later claimed mr cegielka was giving him 's**t ' for facing the wrong way in the street because it was tight at school times . he admitted grabbing the victim through the car window and screaming at him , but said he did n't punch him . he said he had been angry and had seen red , but knew what he did was wrong . he told officers : ' i 'm very sorry . i had a s**t day . my head was all over the place . ' in mitigation his lawyer graeme tindall said : ' when he was interviewed , he was full and frank . he says he did n't punch him . he flicked his glasses off his face . the incident happened because of congestion around the school . he readily accepts he saw red . he accepts he has a short fuse and reacted wholly inappropriately . in the cold light of day , he conceded all the faults that he had on that occasion . ' moore declined to comment after the hearing . mr cegielka was unavailable for comment . 