an ms sufferer who died in an alleged assisted suicide left a recording of her nightmare life and frustration with not being able to travel to switzerland to die , a court has heard . bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in dublin on june 6 , 2011 , with a dictaphone which had recorded her ' suicide note ' . in the first trial of its kind in ireland , the carer of the 51-year-old , gail o'rorke , has been charged with helping her to kill herself . gail o'rorke , pictured centre , has pleaded not guilty to helping bernadette forde commit suicide in june 2011 . she was found dead in her wheelchair with a recorded ' suicide note ' saying she could n't live anymore . the jury sitting at dublin circuit criminal court ( pictured ) were played the tape recorded by ms forde , aged 51 , who said : ' i just ca n't live with his anymore . it 's just my life is s**t ... everything is just a nightmare ' . the 43-year-old taxi driver pleaded not guilty at dublin circuit criminal court to three charges . on wednesday the recording left by ms forde , from donnybrook , was played to the jury and heard he say her plan to die was ' me , totally me , and nobody else ' . ' i knew what i wanted to do . i just ca n't live with this anymore . it 's just my life is s**t , ' she said . ' i just ca n't keep going on with everything ... everything is just a nightmare . ' o'rorke , who started working for ms forde as a cleaner before becoming her carer , is accusing of making arrangements for the wheelchair-bound woman to travel to zurich in switzerland , and also helping her to buy and administer a toxic substance between april and june 2011 . she is also alleged to have helped ms forde plan her funeral . the court heard a letter had been sent by dignitas general secretary ludwig a minelli which gave ms forde the ' provisional green light ' to attend the clinic in zurich . it was also revealed that gardai were alerted to ms forde 's plans to travel to switzerland by a travel agent in rathgar , south dublin . o'rorke ( pictured ) was a cleaner and carer for ms forde . it is alleged that she helped the ms sufferer buy a ' toxic ' substance over the internet so she could kill herself . o'rorke was in kilkenny the night ms forde died . ireland decriminalised suicide in 1993 but the jury was told assisting a suicide remains an offence . the trial heard ms forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after suffering substantial injuries in a car accident in the car park of department store brown thomas in dublin . she spent four months in st james ' hospital and underwent three liver operations and had both her knees shattered after leg spasms forced her foot on to the accelerator of her car causing the crash . ms forde told how she could not use a specially ordered bed , she could not raise her legs on to a mattress , she was losing the ability to write and even medical appointments were becoming too difficult . o'rorke did her hair , her shopping and hitched ms forde 's dresses up to allow her to go to the toilet while sitting . ms forde was given the provisional green light to go to the dignitas clinic in zurich , switzerland ( pictured ) for an assisted suicide , but her travel agent tipped off the police before she was able to make the journey . in a recording played to the court , ms forde said she used a dictaphone to record her final words because her ability to write had deteriorated , and had sourced the drugs she used to kill herself over the internet . the dictaphone recording revealed her hopes of a death in dignitas had been dashed and how she had been unaware assisting her to travel could be illegal . ' after the dignitas experience i realised that i had to do whatever i did on my own that i ca n't even talk to someone in case they are implicated , ' ms forde said . ' i have no help now at all . it 's very difficult . i ca n't even talk to someone now . ' ms forde said she saw information about exit international , which advocates the legalisation of euthanasia , while watching the late , late show on irish television . the court heard allegations that o'rorke ( pictured ) helped ms forde commit suicide by helping her buy the drug that killed her . she denies all the charges . she said she had sourced drugs for her death online . ' it 's just so difficult that , you know , i just ca n't do any of this again or any more , ' she said . ' hiding it from friends has been difficult . it 's just so unfair that you ca n't come in contact with anyone that i have to be totally alone . no-one , that 's just it . ' ms forde said a suicide note might not be possible because her writing had deteriorated . ' that 's why i 'm using this , i hope that it will make my wishes , my intention clear to anyone who wants to question it afterward because it 's me and totally me and nobody else , ' she said . ' i suppose i 'm just very frustrated that it has to be this way - why it 's like that in ireland , why i ca n't get to dignitas where it could all have been done . ' ms forde is heard apologising a number of times and insisting that she did not want anyone to get into trouble in connection with her death . she added : ' it should not be a question mark because it 's what i wanted and what else can i do . ' i 'm sorry again but it 's just ... i do n't know ... i have to say , this bloody country . ' the trial is expected to last about two weeks . remy farrell , senior counsel for the irish state , said that the death of ms forde 's sister from cancer in 2010 acted as a catalyst for her to consider euthanasia . he told the jury she had bought a ' toxic substance ' over the internet , and alleged that o'rorke was instrumental in obtaining the drug , making payment and that she was in the house with ms forde when the package was delivered . o'rorke was on a hotel break in kilkenny on the night of the death . mr farrell ended his opening statement to the jury by advising them that the trial was not a forum to debate the controversial subject of assisted suicide . the trial continues . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .