a new antibody injection could ' wipe out advanced cancer ' by rooting out and obliterating tumours , scientists have revealed . the research has been hailed a ' tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer . the team at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body . professor edgar engleman , senior author of the study , said : ' the potency is impressive . ' you actually see tumour eradication . ' a new study has suggested an antibody injection could ' wipe out cancer ' by rooting out and eradicating both primary tumours and distant metastases , where the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . their findings have been hailed a ' tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , lung and breast cancer , pictured . his team concluded their approach differed to other potential treatments that only apply to specific cancers , in that it could target a wide range of solid tumours . the process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals ' bodies to reject organ transplants , researchers said . in both cases , antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system . they bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in this case the tumour - and through the use of signalling cells , alert t-cells , that act like the immune 's system 's swat team . when the t-cells come into contact with the ' unwelcome ' tissue , they attack and destroy it . researchers isolated the antibodies from mice that were found to be resistant to the cancers . they then injected these antibodies , along with chemicals that activated signalling cells , known as dendritic cells , into cancerous mice . the mice mounted an immune response and were found to remain cancer-free for more than a year . once primed to recognise the cancerous tissue , the t-cells would multiply and not only attack the tumour , but hunt down any metastatic cells travelling through the body . the team concluded their approach differed to other potential treatments that only apply to specific cancers , in that it could target a wide range of solid tumours , including melanoma , pictured . dr yaron carmi , the lead author , discovered both antibodies and the signalling , dendritic cells are both crucial for tumour elimination . ' within hours after injection , these tumour cells are already coated with antibodies , ' he said . he added when the team disabled the antibodies ' ability to bind to the tumours , or the dendritic cells ' ability to ingest the tumours , the t-cells failed to eradicate the cancer . 't-cells contain the bullets , but in our system , the antibodies start the whole thing off , ' professor engleman , said . by adding chemicals that encouraged the growth of the signalling , dendritic cells , to the antibodies , the researchers were able to eliminate six different types of cancer - two melanomas , lymphoma , breast , lung and pancreatic cancer . ' dr carmi was able to show that this combination therapy was extraordinary powerful , ' said professor engleman . ' pretty much we could eliminate any cancer . ' while the researchers tested their process in mice , they said in vitro work with human cancer cells indicates a similar immune-cell response . to confirm that , blood plasma from 10 healthy donors was pooled to collect antibodies against four cancers from patients : two lung and two mesothelioma cancers . the antibodies with the stimulation factors were able to activate the two lung cancer patients ' dendritic cells in vitro . the process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals ' bodies to reject organ transplants , researchers said.in both cases , antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body ( computer generated image , pictured ) - trigger the immune system . with the cells from the two mesothelioma cancer patients , the antibodies induced t-cell proliferation in vitro under the same experimental conditions . medical oncologist assistant professor holbrook kohrt at stanford , who was not involved with the study , called the paper ' a nice tour de force ' and believes the novel therapeutic strategy could utilise the patient 's own immune system to defend against certain cancers . he oversees numerous clinical trials involving immunotherapy for cancer patients and thinks an important aspect of the technique is its potential to fight different tumour types . he added that given the chemicals used have already been used in other clinical trials , developing them into a therapeutic drug should be ' fairly straightforward ' . ' i honestly think the most important thing is to see if we can bring this new approach into the clinic , ' said professor engleman . ' that 's where we want to go . ' the study was published in the journal nature .