at two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall , the ming dynasty 's ' martial city ' had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies . so much so that battle plans would be drawn up to specifically give the castle at zhangjiakou , in china 's northern hebei province , a wide berth . now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory , in particular the dilapidated outer wall that repelled every attack which invading mongolian armies could throw at it . among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress ' dilapidated outer wall . workers restore the southern barbican entrance to wanquan castle , which was known as the ming dynasty 's ' martial city ' . the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies . the fortress measures some two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall . the restoration of the fortress - which was given the coveted title of ' wucheng ' or ' martial city ' after its construction in 1393 - will see building work completed in the original ming dynasty style of architecture , reports people 's daily online . the project will see the restoration of the ming and qing era commercial districts , the great wall martial museum , the golden harvest academy and performance theatres as well as the opening of the red tourist route , with all work planned to be complete in 2016 . the restoration work will also include the ongoing protection of surviving structures . the castle in wanquan county - known in china as a ' living fossil of the ming military system ' - was built in 1393 but is relatively well-preserved , especially the interior city area which includes the residences of generals and wealthy merchants . the fortress has huge historical , cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status in china . while much of the interior city is in good condition , the outer wall is somewhat dilapidated and will be the focus of much of the work . the restoration work , which is due to be completed next year , will where possible be carried out in the style of ming dynasty architecture . the ming dynasty ruled china for 276 years , between the years 1368 and 1644 , and is often described as the last of the great chinese dynasties . during the era large scale architectural and civil engineering projects were created or expanded , including the great wall of china , the grand canal and the forbidden city , located in beijing . it took 15 years to build , using more than one million workers , and has almost 1,000 buildings . art flourished during the ming dynasty , which saw an explosion of literature , painting , poetry , music and porcelain - with ming vases and plates valuable collector items to this day . following popular uprising and rebellions across china , the chinese army was defeated and the ming dynasty collapsed when its last emperor chongzhen hanged himself on a tree in the imperial garden outside the forbidden city , in 1644 . source : wikipedia .