the muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a sydney train said they intend to press charges over the verbal attack . hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , are a ' hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in australia . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ' isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . scroll down for video . abused on the train : young parents hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , said they will be pressing charges on the woman who verbally attacked them on the train once she is identified . the abusive woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral . nsw police sources told daily mail australia a formal investigation is ' definitely ' under way into wednesday 's incident . mr bhatti said he will be preparing a statement for queensland police so charges can be pressed as soon as the woman is identified . ' she touched my wife 's head , that is one issue that i will raise , ' he said during a 7:30 report interview . ' then she was verbally abusing my wife . ' that 's what i will ask , police to charge her once she will be identified . ' the abc reported that the couple were still quite shaken up by the incident and have been extra cautious when they leave the house . ' we take very special care , especially when we have to go out , ' he said . ' i always look around that if somebody is noticing us . ' i should be very careful that no-one comes close to us or tries to hit us . ' while mr bhatti would like to put the negative experience behind him he said he has received several threats online . when stacey eden witnessed mrs bhatti being verbally abused on a sydney train she quickly jumped to her defence telling the abuser to ' have some respect ' . one comment from a facebook profile called ' christian soldiers ' read : ' i am a christian i met you , i would have killed you a terrorist . f*****g islamic propaganda ' . mr bhatti said he woul n't ' engage ' in a conversation like that , instead deciding to show the comment to police . he said he has also faced criticism for not standing up for his wife , despite english not being his first language . ' people are saying i 'm not a brave man for not standing up for my wife , ' he said . ' in my local language , people are calling me a coward person . mr bhatti has faced criticism for not standing up for his wife but he said he wanted to show respect for the lady , even if she was mounting a verbal attack on the couple . ' i came to australia but i do n't know how to speak english , if i could have speak up . ' mr bhatti said he did n't want to misrepresent his religion by reacting angrily to the abusive commuter . ' that was my respect for that old lady that i was n't engaging aggressively and with bad language , ' he said . ' i tried to educate her and at the same time i was calm . ' friends of the islamic couple painted a picture of them as ' committed ' members of the community in brisbane . the family regularly attend the holland park mosque , community spokesman ali kadri said , and they are raising a newborn baby son , mohammad , in the country which they are grateful to call home . ms eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ' all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . rant : video shows this woman launching into a fiery spray about islam , bringing up beheadings and the marriage of children while berating a muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf . mr bhatti said he was upset by the fact the abusive woman touched his wife 's head . now , in an extraordinary act of gratitude , the brisbane couple 's mosque in holland park has offered ms eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the gold coast for a night and to see their mosque . ms eden , a blood collector for a pathology company who was born and bred in sydney 's eastern suburbs , said she was planning to consider the ' lovely ' offer after the overwhelming wave of international media attention passes . mr bhatti told daily mail australia he was shocked by the ugly incident , which occurred on the airport line train around 1:40pm on wednesday . hafeez bhatti , who was racially abused along with his wife on a sydney train , thanked the woman who stood up for them . ' she asked my wife why she was wearing a scarf when it was hot outside - when my wife answered her i thought the woman was asking to be friendly , ' mr bhatti said . ' then she started saying muslims like us are trying to conquer australia and behead everyone here . we were absolutely shocked . ' it was just very disappointing . ' ' she said all muslims should be kicked out of australia - i tried to calm things down by telling her we love everyone , ' mr bhatti said . ' this sort of thing has happened before , but you try to ignore it and the ignorant people behind it ; there are lots of very good people in australian and only a few bad ones , ' he said . ' god bless stacey eden who supported us . ' mr bhatti reached out to ms eden on his facebook page after the story emerged . police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack , which was caught on camera , to come forward . mr bhatti posted the rant on his facebook account with a special thanks to stacey for supporting them that day . ' stacey thanks again for your support for us on that day ... i generally believe that you and many other australian do respect all religions , ' mr bhatti posted . in her recording of the incident , ms eden is heard fuming : ' she wears it ( her hijab ) for herself , ok ! ' ' she wears it because she wants to be modest with her body , not because of people like you who are going to sit there and disrespect her . ' ms eden said she became really upset after the woman allegedly branded ' all muslims isis supporters ' and insulted the woman 's husband and headscarf . ms eden was not having a bar of it . ' that is not her doing it . that is a minority of people . not a majority of people ok ? ' it does n't matter what they 're doing ... have some respect , have some respect , ' she said , as the woman continued on her tirade . ' it does n't matter . it does n't matter . what 's that got to do with this poor lady ? what 's that got to do with her ? ' ' i missed my stop because i wanted to stay on and make sure they were ok , ' said ms eden , who was on her way home to mascot .