pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening - and is using the service to stress the persecution of christians . the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere . reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china . thousands of people congregate outside the colosseum for tonight 's way of the cross procession . pope francis prays in front of the colosseum during the via crucis ( way of the cross ) torchlight procession . a cross inside the colosseum before the start of the procession - which commemorates the crucifixion . several italian families also carried the lightweight cross for a few steps . standing under a red canopy this evening francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom . tens of thousands of tourists , pilgrims and romans held candles as they watched . good friday commemorates jesus ' death by crucifixion . a group of nuns hold their candles in front of the colosseum as they wait for the pope to speak . a cross faces the colosseum as a full moon rises before the start of the via crucis torchlight procession . the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere . earlier today pope francis attended the celebration of the lord 's passion at st peter 's basilica in vatican city . those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china . standing under a red canopy this evening francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom . thousands of tourists , pilgrims and romans held candles as they watched the procession and mass . after several holy week ceremonies , francis will celebrate easter mass in st. peter 's square on sunday . yesterday pope francis washed and kissed the feet of a former miss italy contestant who was jailed after stealing her wealthy friends ' credit cards . in what has become an annual maundy thursday tradition , francis washed the feet of 12 prisoners detained at rome 's rebibbia prison , including a transsexual . model and tv presenter silvy lubamba , who is of congolese origin , was the first ever black contestant in the miss italia competition , but was disqualified from the pageant because she had previously posed nude in a photoshoot . scroll down for video . feet washing : pope francis washes and kisses the feet of former miss italy contestant silvy lubamba , who was jailed for three years and nine months for the repeated fraudulent use of credit cards . model and tv presenter silvy lubamba , who is of congolese origin was the first ever black contestant in the miss italia competition . pope francis is helped to lie on the floor during a mass to celebrate the lord 's passion , in st. peter 's basilica at the vatican . pope francis lies on a mat on the ground to celebrate the lord 's passion in st peter 's basilica today . she was sentenced to three years nine months for the repeated fraudulent use of credit cards and atm cards belonging to friends . miss lubamba was wanted by italian authorities for some time but they were unable to trace her until she reported some luggage stolen from a car in milan last july . they rang her claiming that her baggage had been found and she was arrested when she came to the police station , according to corriere della sera . on thursday she was tearful as francis knelt to pour water over her feet before drying them with a cloth , and planting a kiss on one foot . according to the gospel of john , jesus washed his apostles ' feet at the last supper ( 13 : 2-17 ) . last year , the pope washed feet at a mass held at a rehabilitation facility for the elderly and those with disabilities . the year before , francis performed the ritual at juvenile detention centre , washing the feet of muslims as well as women in a papal first . kind act : pope francis washes inmates ' feet at rebibbia prison in rome yesterday after holding a holy thursday mass for inmates . in what has become an annual maundy thursday tradition , francis washed the feet of 12 prisoners detained at rome 's rebibbia prison , including a transsexual . the catholic church has imposed a ban on ' salutes ' paying respect to mafia bosses during easter sunday 's religious processions . in many catholic countries , floats bearing statues of religious icons are carried round villages during holy week . in the south of italy , the mafia exhibit their power through the approval of bishops and priests which allow them to gain influence and portray their members as close to the church . last year processions were suspended in several southern towns after religious parade of worshippers bearing a statue of the madonna in the town of oppido mamertina stopped to perform a ' bow ' of homage at the house of a mafia godfather serving life imprisonment under house arrest for murder . pope francis has said that mafiosi are ' excommunicated ' from the church , and has called on them to convert or else go to hell . he ordered priests to be bolder in openly condemning the mob . one of italy 's southern bishops have issued a decree that those chosen to carry a statue of the madonna ' should be chosen , under the direct responsibility of the parish , from among the faithful who regularly go to sunday mass and who are of proven christian faith ' . bishop francesco milito , who presides over oppido mamertina , among other mafia-afflicted towns , said that the route taken by the appointed bearers must be vetted adding . ' we are determined to claim back , and indeed purify , this form of popular devotion , which is particularly connected to holy week . ' bishop luigi renzo , of the nearby diocese of mileto-tropea-nicotera , said there needed to be ' definitive signs of a break with certain improper events of the past ' . icons and religious relics should only be carried by ' those known in the parish who are truly committed to walking the path of faith ' . anyone ' who is on trial for mafia association or who has a conviction ' is automatically banned , unless they have publicly repented and expressed regret ' . mafia prosecutors have warned that francis ' life could be at risk from criminal organisations who are troubled by his clean up of corruption in the curia and reform of the vatican bank . 