when something goes bump in the night , the last thing you expect is for grandad 's old cane to be responsible . but that 's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with . from the indiana ' ghost cane ' to the ' chair of death ' , these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps . scroll down for video . this haunted mirror ( left ) is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio’s portrait of a weeping child ( right ) was thought to have been cursed . four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ' chair of death ' now in philadelphia . this ' conjure chest ' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave , causing her fellow slaves to have a conjurer curse it . during the middle of the 19th century in south carolina , jacob cooley murdered a slave named hosea for building a chest which did not meet his standards . hosea’s fellow slaves took revenge , asking a conjurer to curse the chest – leading to the death of 17 people close to cooley , including his first-born son . the curse was later lifted by a ‘ conjure woman’ , and the chest now resides in the kentucky history museum . when mary anderson’s grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in indiana , she decided to ease the boy’s fears by selling the cane he had owned . the winning bidder was asked to write a letter to the youngster letting him know that the cane was doing ok – and the $ 65,000 walking stick is now housed in antigua’s golden palace casino . bruno amadio’s portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed at the scene of numerous house fires , leading to rumours that it was cursed . the case of the haunted bunk beds of wisconsin became infamous in 1987 when alan and debby tallman’s purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror . newspapers organised bonfire burnings of copies of the painting to rid the country of the curse . the case of the haunted bunk beds of wisconsin became infamous in 1987 , when alan and debby tallman’s purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror . radios would switch stations unexpectedly , the children became ill and there were even sightings of a witch-like figure at night . the family reached out to a pastor and , for a while , the house settled down – until christmas 1988 , when mr tallman heard a voice beckoning him to the garage , where a blazing inferno appeared before vanishing instantly . pennsylvania 's ' chair of death ' was the most famous of hundreds of priceless historical artefacts kept at baelroy mansion in philadelphia . the 200-year old chair is believed to have belonged to napoleon – but the ghost which haunts the piece of furniture takes the form of a young woman named amelia , who appears in a blue haze . when mary anderson’s grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in indiana , she decided to ease the boy’s fears by selling the cane he had owned ( pictured ) . the chair obtained its name after four people died shortly after sitting on it , and it is said that the same fate will befall anyone who dares to sit there . a grisly story is behind a haunted mirror kept in louisiana . in 1817 , a slave called chloe was caught eavesdropping on a conversation and punished by having an ear cut off . covering her wound with a green turban , chloe sought to win back her master’s affection by poisoning his family before nursing them back to health - but got the dosages wrong , killing the wife and two children . chloe confessed to fellow slaves who , fearing blame , killed her . tradition dictated that when a family member died , all mirrors should be covered to allow the soul to pass over to the other side . but one mirror in the house on myrtles plantation in st francisville was left uncovered and ever since visitors have reported seeing a dark-skinned ghost wearing a turban , while a mirror at the house - which is now a bed and breakfast - is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children . the research was complied by wooden-furniture-store.co.uk .