this little bear cub has picked a comfy place to take an afternoon nap so should n't be grizzly when he wakes up . the heartwarming scenes , captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , in russia , show the animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine . he sat and watched as the mother , who was also already lying on the banks of the lake , - became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs . time to get up : one cub wakes up while the other bear-ly stirs as they are snapped after they take a nap on banks of a lake in russia . protector : the massive mother bear takes a look over her shoulder as one of her cubs puts a tiny paw on her side , hopeful of a cuddle . the photographer spent hours watching the young family from a safe distance - with the normally ferocious animals appearing comfortable with his presence . ' i noticed this family - a mum with two cubs . then after a while , i noticed something unusual , which i had never seen before - the cub climbed onto his mother like a chair , ' he said . ' he looked very comfortable , and stayed there for nearly half an hour . the mother looked less impressed , but seemed so tired from looking after her energetic babies that she just stayed put . ' play time : the family of bears splash around in lake kamchatka . one cub reaches out to the mum who lovingly looks back at her brood . snuggle time : one bear cub takes a comfortable nap on the back of his mother as she lies by on the bank of a lake in russia . heartwarming : one of the cubs clambers on to the mother 's back , with water from their dip in the lake clearly visible as they enjoy the sunshine . the bear family are part of a huge population found in the kronotsky reserve - known as the kingdom of bears - thanks to its huge population of the animals . the bears are guarded by the state to prevent illegal poaching and hunting - meaning the bears are more friendly towards humans without the threat of violence . ' though we should understand that bears are very dangerous animals , with them being probably one of the most unpredictable and emotionless creatures , the bears here are pretty friendly . ' they are used to people and understand that people will not do them harm . as long as you respect them and nature , they put on incredible shows of nature at its best and most raw . ' hard life : all three bears settle down for a nap after spending time playing in the calm waters of kuril lake in kamchatka . you snooze , you lose : the mother seems to spy the fish swimming by as they lay on the bank while the cub seems completely oblivious . extra padding : the baby bear makes the most of its mother 's thick fur as they dry off in the spring sunshine . dried off : one cub clatters another with its paw as they play fight in front of the mother bear on a sunny day in russia .