this was the moment a woman frantically struggled to stay afloat after tumbling from a punt in cambridge . and the terror etched on her face is very real , because she can not swim . the woman , who was with three friends , is believed to have lost her footing and fallen from the deck after her punt hit another boat . she disappeared under the waters of the cam several times , screaming for help each time she resurfaced . two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out . scroll down for video . as the sun made its long-awaited appearance , a woman believed to be in her 20s , had to be rescued from the river cam , cambridge , after almost drowning while punting ( pictured left and right ) . safety : the woman , who could n't swim , was pulled to safety by her friends after she disappeared under the water for several seconds . the tourist , who was standing up on the punt ferrying three friends , is believed to have fallen into the freezing water after her vessel hit another boat in the university city . she was bundled into her rescuers’ punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands . an onlooker to saturday’s drama said : ‘ i heard a splash and a cheer went up , which is what normally happens when someone falls in . a woman was flapping about and two people in the punt jumped in and grabbed her . ‘ it took them about 15 to 30 seconds to get to her and the whole thing only lasted a minute but she did go under a few times . it wasn’t nice to watch . for someone who can’t swim to be standing on a slippery punt is just bonkers . ‘ the cam is at least six to seven feet deep in places . everyone involved was in shock and shaking afterwards . ’ meanwhile , britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21c - marking the hottest day of the year so far . with forecasters predicting temperatures higher than in rome and athens , families flocked to parks , beaches and promenades across the uk to make the most of the balmy easter weather . teresa kingston inspects the bloomed daffodils amid the blue skies and warm sunshine around alnwick castle in northumberland today . the daffodils shone in the sunshine as temperatures soared to their high teens , thanks to a high band of pressure across the uk . spring 's here : tilly , two , makes the most of the unseasonably warm easter weather as she enjoys a paddle at whitsand bay , cornwall . the girl , pictured with her mother tessa , was among hundreds of britons who flocked to beaches and parks today to enjoy the sunshine . crowds flocked to bamburgh beach in northumberland today , making the most of the soaring temperatures and bright sunshine . northumberland was one of the warmest areas today , although the high temperatures are likely to move south as the week goes on . the glimpse of sunshine brought families , swimmers , surfers and dog-walkers out in droves along the stretch of sand . yesterday , highs of 20.5c were recorded in aboyne , aberdeenshire - some 4c higher than the previously recorded hottest day of the year . and according to experts , today 's unseasonably warm weather is just the beginning of a week-long spell of sunshine , which could stick around until the end of the week . by friday , temperatures could again reach highs of 21c in the south of england , prompting a glorious weekend of sunshine . that will come after a largely dry and bright week , which will see above average temperatures across most of the british isles . met office forecaster craig snell said : ' by friday , it could be 19c or 20c down towards the south of england . although it will be more unsettled across parts of scotland , it will be a fine week for the second part of the easter holidays . ' today , parts of scotland and northumberland basked in temperatures of 18c , while the mercury also hovered around 17c in parts of devon and cornwall , somerset and the midlands . but sea fog lingered over the north west keeping blackpool and cumbria murky . parts of the south coast , including brighton , norfolk and east anglia , also stayed cloudy , but saw some sunny spells . mr snell said this morning : ' north east england and the east coast of scotland could experience the warmest day of the year so far where temperatures are expected to be between 17c and 18c . this three-day forecast shows sunny spells today across scotland and south west of england , while the next few days will be warm , despite lingering cloud in some parts . a surfer stands and watches the sunrise before heading out for a morning easter surf today at saltburn . the sunrise , which cast ribbons of pale pink and purple across the sky , marked the start of a warm , sunny day across most of the uk . children rode their bikes through the water fountains in millenium square in bradford after the early grey clouds gave way to sunshine . the weather is the start of a week-long spell of sunshine , which will create a fine week for schoolchildren in their second week of holidays . as the sun shines , children are seen playing in the water fountains in millennium square in bradford on easter sunday . the mercury had been expected to reach higher than in mediterranean hotspots such as rome and athens . pictured : a cyclist enjoying the warm weather in bute park , cardiff . today 's warm temperatures are the beginning of a week-long spell of sunshine , which forecasters say will remain until the end of the week . pictured : a girl relaxes in bute park , cardiff , today . the mercury was also expected to hover around 17c in parts of devon and cornwall , somerset , south wales ( pictured ) and the midlands . ' if temperatures reach 17.6c it will beat the 17.5 ( 63.5 ) recorded in northern ireland on march 7 , which was the warmest day of the year so far . ' newcastle , the northumbrian coast , edinburgh and aberdeen are expected to be particularly warm . there is a band of high pressure over all of the uk with quiet weather expected over the country . ' the best of the sunshine will be across parts of wales and south west england and north east england and the best of the sunshine will be there too . the south west coast of wales is also expected to be nice . ' he added : ' those wanting to experience the best of the easter weekend should head to devon and cornwall and northumberland nd should avoid blackpool and the norfolk coast . ' the picturesque backs in cambridge were particularly busy this afternoon , as punters made the most of the brighter bank holiday weather after a week of storms and rain . a scooter is ridden along the sea front this morning in scarborough , as part of the scarborough scooter rally . others relaxed on the nearby beach , enjoying the balmy temperatures . it reached 21.5 in parts of scotland today . hundreds of sun-seekers were also spotted in bournemouth , where temperatures dipped to around 14c due to the sea breeze . sarah anderson , 38 , from bournemouth , said : ' it definitely feels like winter is behind us and the temperatures are going to get hotter from now on . ' so often bank holidays in this country are a bit of a washout so when the sun comes out you have to make the most of it . ' meanwhile , a distressed pregnant woman was rescued from the sea after her yacht capsized . the woman was sailing with her partner when they were thrown from the boat and had to cling to the wreckage of the sinking trimaran near dungeness , kent . dover coastguard crews reached the couple after spotting a lit red flare and the pair were flown to william harvey hospital . bob giles , dover coastguard watch manager , said : ' the couple were thrown into the water after their vessel capsized . ' both were wearing lifejackets and the man , ensured that his partner was safe , then tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve a flare so that he could alert rescuers to their position . ' because they had ais ( automatic identification system ) on board they were easy to locate and so were rescued quickly . the warmest easter on record was in on april 23 , 2011 , when the mercury hit 27.8c . the coldest was on march 31 , 2013 , when it plunged to -12.5c . martina cibis , who lives in salisbury , takes a photograph of a tree in spring-time blossom in imperial square and gardens in cheltenham . martina cibis ( left ) and her mother hanna cibis ( right ) take photographs of a tree in blossom in imperial square and gardens in cheltenham . karina and slawek , from cheltenham , enjoy ice creams in the sunshine while sat on a bench in the gardens .