while indonesia 's plan to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan has not dented australian tourist visits to the island , a proposed alcohol ban could . the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year , with more arriving than any other nationality . indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about indonesia among fellow nationals . a proposed ban on alcohol in indonesia could deter australians from holidaying in bali . an indonesia expert says australian tourists are more worried about a proposed booze ban there than the execution of the bali nine pair , myuran sukumaran ( left ) and andrew chan ( right ) . mr taylor says legislation proposed by two islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry , and could become law as early as the end of this year if backed by president joko widodo . also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership . mr taylor said mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism , such as five-star hotels . he said the proposal had ' horrified ' authorities in bali . mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism , such as five-star hotels . ' my own view would be that common sense would prevail ... but i 'd be cautious in saying that because there are some of the more pronounced religious groups throughout indonesia really gaining momentum now , ' mr taylor told aap . ' in aceh , they 've introduced sharia law . very strictly . even foreigners can be arrested in aceh for not dressing appropriately . ' mr taylor said nationalist sentiment was running high , with indonesian authorities reviewing every property to ascertain whether it was being held on behalf of a foreigner . ' a lot of them are , ' he said . ' the state will either resume that property or offer the nominee the option of just keeping it for themselves , with no legal comeback from the foreign owner . ' so if you take that and the alcohol thing i think it 's really symptomatic of a disturbing trend - and indonesia is a country that stole my heart so i 'm not anti-indonesia - of the jokowi government showing all the signs of being naive , dysfunctional and lost at the moment . ' just drifting off into thought bubbles . '