robbie neilson insists the likes of captain danny wilson will only leave hearts if he is satisfied it 's right for the club . as sportsmail revealed this week , celtic have placed former rangers defender wilson on a list of potential summer recruits . speaking ahead of sunday 's championship clash with the ibrox club , neilson admitted external interest in his promoted players is inevitable . hearts manager robbie neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club . echoing the view of owner ann budge , however , the tynecastle coach says departures will only happen on his say-so if the price is right . ' if you do really well in the championship and the players excel then there is going to be interest , ' admitted neilson . ' that is football . ' there has been interest in a lot of my players and we have a few boys out of contract , who we are negotiating with at the moment . ' i would like to try to keep my best players but there is a realisation that bigger clubs can come in and take them . ' what i would say is : i would n't expect to lose anyone that i do n't want to lose . if there are people i want to keep , i expect to keep them . hearts have already secured promotion to the scottish premiership under neilson 's stewardship . ' if teams come in with an offer that is acceptable to us , then i 'll expect to lose them . ' what i do n't expect to happen is someone moves on and we are not happy about it . if someone leaves the club then it will be on terms that are acceptable to the club and the player . ' parkhead coach ronny deila admitted wilson , a one-time £2million signing for liverpool , is on his list of potential replacements for jason denayer and virgil van dijk , linked with sunderland and southampton . with a shrug of resignation , neilson added : ' people talk about how comments from other managers can unsettle you . i think it gives you a boost , because you realise that teams admire you and are interested in you . ' when no team is interested in you ... that is what unsettles you . you start worrying when nobody is talking about you . if there is interest in players then it just shows that they are doing really well . ' big clubs talk , but i would like to think the majority of players have enjoyed their season here and would like to have a good crack at the top league . this is a great place to play and , if they do leave , then they must be really careful about where they go . ' owner ann budge has set neilson and his players the target of a top-six finish in the top flight next season . neilson , alongside director of football craig levein , is more focused on bringing new players into hearts than losing the ones he has . defender adam eckersley is out of contract , with talks to keep him ongoing . ' it is a case of getting things ironed out , really , ' continued neilson . ' there are also players i want to bring in who i am in talks with . the squad needs to change . ' i ca n't keep the same squad and expect to have the same impact at a higher level . players will come in , players will go out and things will continue to evolve . hopefully at the end of it we have a better team than we do now . ' with six games of the championship season to go and promotion already secured , neilson already knows his targets for his second season as a manager . speaking at the announcement of a ground-breaking sponsorship deal with charity save the children , budge set her sights on a top-six finish in the premiership . captain danny wilson has been linked with celtic , but wo n't be sold unless it is the right move for hearts . accepting the challenge , neilson said : ' that is a target and life is all about setting yourself targets . i think getting into the top six is a reasonable aim . ' we have good players here already and we will be recruiting again over the summer to get better players in again . ' we have bags of confidence and a massive fanbase , which has backed us to the hilt . we have to aim for the top six . ' that is just the nature of the beast as head coach of a big football club - you need to meet the standards . to be honest , a top-six finish for a club like hearts - if they had not been in the championship - would be the bare minimum which should be acceptable . ' to that end , there has been no let-up since securing promotion . hearts players were shocked to be saddled with a triple training session this week despite securing their promotion goal with something to spare . the former rangers defender ( right , pictured against his former club ) could join celtic in the summer . unbeaten away from home this season , neilson wants that record to continue at ibrox , where his side laid down a marker on the first day of the season . ' we had a triple session and , although we were n't out for too long , we were working hard for sunday , ' he revealed . ' we ca n't just think that we can down tools because we have won the league . ' we have six games and you simply have to win games at hearts . ' we are not going to take our foot off the gas . it would be easy to just play games in training and say : `` let 's have a jolly up for the week '' . ' when you do that , you lose focus and lose sight of what a big game sunday is . it is a chance to go to ibrox as champions and hopefully get a result . ' ironically , a third victory of the season over a rangers side showing signs of improvement under stuart mccall would benefit arch city rivals hibernian the most . of the view hearts must win games for themselves rather than others , however , neilson insisted : ' we do n't owe that to any other teams - we owe it to ourselves and the fans , for our own personal pride . we have sold out our allocation on sunday and everyone is paying good money to come and watch us . we need to give everything . it is not fair if we do n't perform . '