borussia dortmund have moved swiftly to secure thomas tuchel as the successor to jurgen klopp , after he announced he was bringing the curtain down on his seven-year stay at the club this week . klopp is a popular character across football but has endured a difficult season at dortmund , with the club embroiled in a relegation battle for much of the campaign before a minor resurgence in form led them into the top half of the bundesliga . four days after klopp announced he believes he has taken the club as far as he can and is seeking pastures new , dortmund have revealed tomas tuchel will take over in july on a three-year deal . thomas tuchel ( left ) will replace borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp at the start of july . klopp revealed on wednesday he was leaving dortmund at the end of the season after seven years . tuchel treads a similar path to klopp . like klopp , the 41-year-old tuchel carved a name for himself at german club mainz . a year into klopp 's tenure at dortmund , tuchel took over at the age of 36 and surpassed the achievements of his dortmund predecessor , taking the club to two europa league qualifications and their highest ever bundesliga position of 5th . tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his mainz contract through a year-long break from the game . both tuchel ( left ) and klopp have been manager of mainz before going on to dortmund . upon the resolution of last season , where mainz qualified for europe , tuchel announced his surprise decision to step away from his duties as manager after four years at the club . but he is still contracted to the team and when the final year of his agreement expires he will bring his year-long break from football to a close by stepping up and taking the reigns at the westfalenstadion on july 1 . how does he play ? tuchel has a reputation as a cunning tactician , who enjoys attacking football and coerces the best from his players on the coaching field . in an interview with bundesliga.com in march this year , he defined the style he looks to enforce in his teams . ' i prefer certain qualities , an active playing style , bold defending and pacy play in attack , ' tuchel said . 'there’s definitely a style that’s been attributed to me , that we brought to the table at mainz . ' guardiola admiration . in the same interview , tuchel commended the work and achievements of bayern munich boss pep guardiola , the man he will now look to lock horns with as dortmund manager . tuchel has spoken of his admiration of pep guardiola 's management of barcelona and lionel messi . tuchel praised guardiola 's management of lionel messi during his time at barcelona and lauded his renowned meticulous approach . ' outstanding , schematic use of the ball , brilliant individuals like lionel messi and top stars putting in the grittiest , most diligent defensive efforts i 've ever seen , ' tuchel gushed of pep 's barca . ' i learned everything about the game - especially during guardiola 's time at barcelona . ' tuchel linked with newcastle . the german manager was strongly linked with newcastle in january after the premier league club tried to establish their plan following the departure of alan pardew to crystal palace . but no move ever materialised , most likely because of the delicate nature of the deal that is still in place with mainz . tuchel admitted that spanish and english football is of interest to him but he wanted to return to management in germany . hermann badstuber an influence . tuchel lists hermann badstuber , a youth coach at stuttgart and the father of bayern munich defender holger badstuber , as his biggest influence as a coach . in an interview with spox.com in september 2009 , six months after badstuber 's death from cancer , tuchel revealed how much he had shaped his coaching philosophy . tuchel has a reputation for enforcing an attacking approach to his team 's style of play . tuchel was linked with the manager vacancy at newcastle united shortly after alan pardew left . ' i barely know any coach who brings so much knowledge in itself and at the same time allows as much lateral thinking and constantly questions , ' tuchel said . ' he worked diligently and thereby remained modest . he very , very much influenced me professionally and personally . ' tuchel and badstuber crossed paths at stuttgart , where they worked training youth sides , following tuchel 's retirement as a player at ssv ulm due to a persistent knee injury when he was 24 . 