just a quarter of voters think david cameron is hungriest to win the election , a poll reveals today as the prime minister tries to step up his campaign passion . after criticism of a dull campaign from the chillaxing pm , mr cameron used an interview to insist he was working ' bloody hard ' to secure a majority . but only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most , compared to 43 per cent who believe ed miliband is most up for the fight . scroll down for video . some 43 per cent of voters think ed miliband ' comes across as wanting to win the most ' when compared to david cameron . opinion polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call , although two surveys yesterday put the tories ahead , including one which gave them a six-point lead . but while mr cameron is frequently seen as the strongest leader when compared to mr miliband , voters appear to think he wants to win less . in a yougov survey for the times , 43 per cent of voters think mr miliband ' comes across as wanting to win the most ' when compared to mr cameron . only 25 per cent thought mr cameron was hungriest for the job , and 13 per cent said neither of them . mr cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at kelvin hughes in north london as part of a ' sleeves rolled up ' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a tory victory . meanwhile , mr miliband is giving a speech on how a labour government would tackle immigration . snp leader nicola sturgeon , riding high after strong tv debate performances and a surge in the polls , was judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34 per cent of voters . just 7 per cent also thought mr cameron was enjoying the campaign the most out of all the main party leaders . snp leader nicola sturgeon , riding high after strong tv debate performances and a surge in the polls , was judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34 per cent of voters . ukip 's nigel farage was the second happiest leader on 16 per cent , followed by mr miliband on 13 per cent . in recent days senior tories and business backers had begun to criticise the campaign , warning it was dull and suffering from a ' curious lack of energy and belief ' . former prime minister sir john major warned against relying on dry economic data , when people want to know how their lives will be better . david cameron appeared without a tie or jacket again today at kelvin hughes in north london as part of a ' sleeves rolled up ' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a tory victory . more people think ed miliband is hungriest for a win and appears to be enjoying the campaign more than his tory rival . mr cameron appears to have taken the criticism to heart , making a series of passionate stump speeches in the last 72 hours . after weeks of criticism that the conservatives were running a boring campaign , the prime minister found the fire in his belly as he declared in london yesterday : ' if i 'm getting lively about it it 's because i feel bloody lively about it . ' in an interview with the times today he adds : ' the real david cameron has been standing up and working bloody hard for the last five years . ' i 'm feeling pumped up . there 's ten days to go , it 's a bloody important election and i 'm determined to get across the line . the line is victory — and victory is a conservative majority . i know the polls are tight but victory is doable . '