the man named as a person of interest in the disappearance of william tyrrell was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite authorities being aware of allegations he raped two young girls in 1987 . the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how bill spedding , 63 , who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault , was able to live with children despite claims being made against him . the mother of the three young boys , who can not be named , was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse . ' someone ... needs to be held accountable , ' she told the australian . scroll down for video . bill spedding was arrested and charged on wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in sydney in 1987 . the boys ' grandfather told the newspaper : ' i am very concerned about what may have happened to my grandchildren . ' during a short hearing on thursday , a court heard spedding raped two girls aged six and three in a caravan repeatedly nearly 30 years ago . case notes held by the nsw department of family and community services detail the allegations of abuse , court documents show . while the ombudsman confirmed it will be ' making inquires ' into the accused sex offender 's living situation , police are expected to lay more charges against spedding and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring . ' investigations are continuing concerning such matters and it is anticipated further charges will brought against the accused in the foreseeable future , ' the police fact sheet states , according to smh . spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of william , who was three years old when he vanished from his grandmother 's kendall home in september as played , dressed in his favourite spiderman costume . the 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell . police emphasise the charges against spedding are unrelated to the case of missing boy william tyrrell , who disappeared from kendall in nsw 's mid north coast on september 12 last year . the disturbing historical crimes emerged after the washing machine repairman became a person of interest in the ongoing search for the three-year-old . police will allege that , during a weekend in 1987 , a three year old girl was sexually penetrated four times and assaulted in a caravan , according to the daily telegraph . spedding was staying in a caravan on a property in campbelltown in sydney 's west which was reportedly owned by his friend . in a victim statement the child , now aged in her 30s , claims she was either thrown against a wall or off the bed when she woke to found herself being raped . margaret spedding was pictured leaving port macquarie court on thursday after her husband was refused bail . detectives stressed that spedding 's arrest was n't related to the four-year-old 's disappearance . court documents reveal that the mother and grandmother of the victim recall the three-year-old being greatly troubled by pain in her vagina and telling them that ' bill did it ' , according to smh . she was ' ill and continually vomiting ' the following day and had ' extensive , black coloured bruising to her vagina and legs ' , according to the daily telegraph . at the time , the child sex assault unit at westmead hospital assessed the two children and determined that the three-year-old had been sexually penetrated in a number of ways . the six-year-old 's injuries were also ruled to have been caused by penetration . spedding 's lawyer robert hoyles said the accused is adamant he is innocent and has done nothing wrong . ' one might say mr spedding will deny these allegations until his final breath , ' mr hoyles said . mr spedding refused to take part in a formal interview at port macquarie police station on wednesday night , according to smh . this comes as police returned to the 63-year-old 's home on monday for a third time this year after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . spedding was arrested at his bonny hills home on the nsw mid-north coast at about 1.30pm on wednesday . the court heard spedding denied the claims when police initially put them to him in the 1980s . the case is only as strong as it was in 1987 , mr hoyles said . he argued that to detain a man with no criminal record for such an historical matter when a trial was up to a year away would be a great injustice . however , the magistrate found spedding had not shown cause as to why detention was unjustified given the serious nature of the offences and spedding was denied bail . despite the obscenity of the charges , spedding’s wife margaret supported him in court and they pressed their hands against the glass when he was refused bail , according to smh . mr spedding applied for bail on thursday but it was refused by magistrate thomas hodgson . he will next appear in court on june 18 . the 63-year-old was arrested at his bonny hills home on the nsw mid-north coast on wednesday after five detectives descended on his property . his wife margaret was in court as spedding made his bid for bail . spedding is believed to have said ' no ' when five detectives asked him to go with them in the unmarked police car on wednesday , fairfax reported . while spedding 's wife , margaret , was seen yelling at reporters during the arrest at their home . just hours earlier , it was revealed that william 's grandmother asked spedding , a few days before her grandson disappeared from her garden , to fix her washing machine because she was expecting her family to stay over , the daily telegraph reported . this contradicts reports that her family 's visit was unexpected . spedding is believed to have said ' no ' when five detectives asked him to go with them in the unmarked police car . spedding was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . this week investigators visited spedding 's home for the third time this year before his arrest . it comes after police revealed they believe william may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw . investigators believe the boy was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . police have visited spedding 's home three other times this year after becoming a person of interest in the case of the missing toddler . the parents of the missing three-year-old released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in broad daylight last september . investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . the parents have urged anyone with information to contact crime stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . the release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in bonny hills , south of port macquarie , for evidence relating to william 's whereabouts . police divers were brought in from sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . the three-day search was carried out near mr spedding 's home . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .