it is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in every 15 bull rides ends in an injury of some sort . but that is n't enough to stop hundreds of child riders , some as young as seven , from taking the hot seat each year . among them is lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year . bouncing around : a young bull rider takes on a bullock ( steer ) at a rodeo in fort worth , texas . but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times . that , however , is not enough to stop his father tj , himself a former bull rider , from entering lance , his older brother joe , 15 , and his sister jayden , seven , into competitions all over the us . 'it’s about taking chances and these kids , that’s what they’re doing , ' he explains in an interview with channel 4 's unreported world . 'they’re taking chances and as parents we’re taking a chance . this is a very dangerous sport and you can’t take it kiddish and [ be ] playing around because that’s when you can get hurt . ' bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the us and events staged by the pbr , the professional bull riders ' association , are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year . ouch ! most bull riders are speedily thrown off - a good result is eight seconds . hitting the deck : an estimated one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort . starting small : the youngest children hone their skills on sheep before graduating to calves . but as the stakes get higher , pressure to breed bulls that are more athletic , more vicious and bigger than ever before has increased - including in the junior division . for cody custer , a former bull riding world champion , it is becoming too dangerous . ' you take a young teenage boy and put him on a bull that’s got a massive pedigree , ' he explains . ' it would be kind of like putting a young 13 , 14 year old footballer against an nfl player . it’s just not even . ' another young bull-rider , 16-year-old trey , who has been knocked out several times by oversized bulls , agrees . ' the breeding system nowadays is getting so intense and so hard-core , it’s not even realistic . ' the more stuff they breed and the more stuff they do , it’s making bucking harder and harder . it’s crazy . ' that , however , is n't enough to quell the lara family 's enthusiasm . all three children started when they were barely more than toddlers , honing their skills on sheep in a sport known colloquially as ' mutton throwing ' . not happy : even the calves , such as the one pictured , can pack a hefty punch if enraged . moving on : the next step is to ride bullocks ( castrated young males ) before culminating in big bulls . tough task : bullocks , who are often approaching the size of a full-grown female , are no easy ride . now seven , jayden , the youngest , has graduated onto calves while lance takes on bullocks and joe wrangles bulls . but of all the lara children , it is lance who takes the sport most seriously , training for two hours a day , every day , in a bid to achieve his ambition of becoming a pbr rider . he has also suffered several injuries . ' i was hanging upside down and next thing you know i was on the ground , ' he recalls . ' stepped on . ' determined not to show his family up , the 10-year-old says he managed to hold back his tears until he left the arena . ' most of all the things that daddy says is : don’t cry in the arena , ' he explains . ' i cried in the back pen . ' despite the hard work and the injuries , lance 's fledgling career has proved lucrative , with the boy earning an impressive $ 5,000 last year . big guns : teenagers begin with small bulls but , should they make professional , graduate onto big ones . aggressive : bulls bred for rodeo are becoming increasingly large and athletic . this money is being put towards paying for college and tj could n't be more proud . ' i think he feels the pressure he puts on himself , ' he says . ' you know the pressure of wanting to win , wanting to be number one . i always tell him i’m going to throw you to the wolves , you either come back leading the pack or you get eaten . 'he’s always been one of the smaller guys . it’s something to kind of motivate him , pump him up . ' he does , however , worry about the increasingly large bulls involved . ' lance has eight more years before he can even think about riding here [ in the main arena ] , ' he says . ' just think if these bulls are bucking this hard and are this rank right now , what are they going to be like in eight years when he’s there ? ' if it continues the way it is , the sport of rodeo the way it is , it’ll no longer be a bull riding , it will be just a bull bucking competition . it’s all about money . '