brendan rodgers is ready to unleash jordan ibe on the barclays premier league once more after his sparkling return to training . ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas in istanbul . before that , though , he had said he had been in outstanding after rodgers had to thrust him into the spotlight . the young england international spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county but he returned to anfield in january and made an immediate impact , with a man-of-the-match performance in the merseyside derby on february 6 . liverpool winger jordon ibe in action for brendan rodgers ' side in the europa league against besiktas . liverpool initially thought ibe would be out for no longer than four weeks but they have been careful not to rush him ; in recent weeks , however , his training has been to a high level and rodgers will include him in his squad to face newcastle on monday . liverpool’s manager said : ‘ young jordon will come back in and i 've got to say he 's looked absolutely sensational in training . he 's been out for a while but he 's been a couple of weeks now out on the field doing his preparation work and he 's joined in the training . ‘ absolutely outstanding , he’s looked . he 's got real natural fitness and he 'll come into the squad for monday night . ’ ibe was awarded the man-of-the-match having performed magnificently in the merseyside derby in february . liverpool manager brendan rodgers dishes out the instructions during training on saturday . the 19-year-old ( right ) has done well since breaking into the liverpool first team and is seen as a key member . there will not , though , be a return for mario balotelli . the striker has been sidelined for the last two games , first with a knee problem then with illness and rodgers is planning for the game without the italy striker . ‘ we 'll assess that over the next couple of days , ’ said rodgers . ‘ he was injured against arsenal and has been ill since the midweek and continues to be . we 'll see over the next 24 hours . ’ liverpool have dropped off the pace in the race for a top four spot following back-to-back defeat against manchester united and arsenal but if louis van gaal’s side beat manchester city and rodgers sees his team beat newcastle , there will be a glimmer of light . liverpool captain steven gerrard ( centre ) , who remains suspended , rides a challenge in training . the liverpool players watch on as forward raheem sterling ( right ) looks to pass on possession . liverpool duo lucas leiva ( left ) and dejan lovren ( right ) share a joke after a sprint exercise in training . midfielder joe allen keeps hold of the ball under the attention of dejan lovren during the training session . wednesday’s win over blackburn in the fa cup has lifted the atmosphere at melwood and rodgers has urged his players to focus on their job . ‘ the performance and the result the other night puts us back on track again , ’ said rodgers . ‘ hopefully from that result we can build the momentum through until end of season . it was excellent performance and a good result in a tough tie . we’ll just take each game at a time now and really focus on the newcastle . ‘ the teams in there now have the advantage . you 're looking at them slipping up and building momentum until the end of the season . it will be interesting watching it . but my sole intention is really to focus on newcastle and getting the three points . ’ philippe coutinho hit the winner as liverpool advanced to the fa cup semi-finals on wednesday . mario balotelli remains sidelined with illness and will miss monday 's visit of newcastle to anfield . mamadou sakho ( right ) was forced off injured against blackburn rovers in wednesday 's fa cup replay .