sixteen and seventeen year olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on britain’s membership of the european union because they have been brainwashed with pro-eu colouring-in books , ukip has said . the party said schoolchildren were being exposed to ‘propaganda’ from brussels in a bid to ‘ catch them young’ . it came as ukip was accused of performing yet another u-turn on its immigration policy . ukip campaign chief patrick o'flynn accused brussels of feeding ' propaganda ' to young people who could not be trusted to vote in a referendum . david cameron has promised to claw back powers from brussels before holding an in-out referendum by the end of 2017 . ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier , and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say . ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans said : ‘ it 's everything there from colouring-in books on the common agricultural policy for primary school children right up to research projects at university level . ‘ the amount of money that the eu is putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous . overall the eu has an advertising budget that is larger than coca-cola . ’ asked if schoolchildren were being brainwashed , the party’s campaign chief patrick o'flynn said : ‘ i think it 's not a million miles away . ‘ it 's certainly designed to catch people young and feed them propaganda and a very partial view which you know just speaks up to the eu being an unalloyed good thing that we could n't possibly do without . ’ pushed further , he added : ‘ it is an emotive term but i would n't demur from the description of brainwashing . ‘we’ve had many reports from our members of schoolchildren of secondary school age being exposed to overwhelmingly pro-eu views when the matter of the european union is discussed and not really having the eurosceptic case put . ’ ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans said the amount of money that the eu is ' putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous ' . mr o’flynn said the party was ‘ strongly against’ lowering the voting age as under-18s are ‘ too young/ to vote . he accused the lib dems of trying to ‘gerrymander’ a future in-out referendum after speculation they would demand 16 and 17-year-olds and eu migrants are given a vote as part of a possible post-election coalition deal . he argued the fairest way of holding a referendum would be to stick to the rules of a general election and said any changes could skew the vote . ‘ let 's be frank about it , opinion research shows that 16 and 17-year-olds are much more likely to be in support of britain 's membership of the european union than is the population in general , ’ he said . ‘ and the electoral franchise does not allow 16 and 17-year-olds to vote and it 's no wonder the liberal democrats wish to make this change but it 's a gerrymandering change which is clearly intended to skew the result . ’ critics of eu waste have previously condemned a colouring and activity book produced by brussels which promoted the work of bureaucrats and meps . at an eu summit in 2013 david cameron held aloft the book promoting the wastefulness of meps . ukip was today accused of performing yet another u-turn on its immigration policy after it ruled out setting a net migration target hours after nigel farage said he would like to see the figure reduced to 30,000 . the party leader on tuesday said cutting annual net migration from 300,000 to 30,000 by 2018 would be a ‘ return to normality’ . but this morning party deputy chairman suzanne evans , who is writing the party’s manifesto , said : ‘ there are no migration targets . ’ ‘ i can tell you that there won’t be any mention of 50,000 or 30,000 in the manifesto and that’s official party policy , ’ she added . the party previously promised to cap numbers at 50,000 before mr farage earlier this month disowned the cap and said he would not set ‘arbitrary’ targets . mr o'flynn called on david cameron to ‘ come clean’ on any discussions he has had with the lib dems about the referendum and then guarantee he will not meet any of the party 's demands . he said : ‘ we would like him to guarantee that none of these demands will be met , that mr clegg will not have a hand in the question , the timing , and that there is no question whatsoever of the franchise being changed from the general election franchise . ‘ because in the case of 16 and 17-year-olds they are far more likely to have been exposed recently to very strident pro-eu views and not to have heard the eurosceptic case at all . ‘ and in the case of eu migrants , there is obviously a vested interest potentially in how they will vote . ‘ we see this as an attempt by the liberal democrats to gerrymander the outcome but we are also worried that david cameron has a habit of letting the liberal democrats take the rap for certain un-conservative things he might be planning to do . ’ in 2013 the european union unveiled a children 's play book that told how it takes four eurocrats to send a letter and depicted them travelling around town in taxpayer-funded limousines . the 10-page book ' mr and mrs mep and their helpers ' was an apparently serious attempt to shed light on the lives of elected officials in strasbourg , and 15,000 were printed . on page 1 , the couple 's work day begins at 8am as they arrive at the airport , briefcases in hand , to find their driver ' waiting for them in a limousine ' . safely chauffeured to the office , mr mep wants to send a letter to a colleague but does not have an envelope . the book explains - in four european languages with reading , games and colouring in exercises - how this problem is resolved with the help of three other people . 