cover your ears now or turn down your volume ! this is the moment a disgruntled french bulldog continually honks a horn after being left alone in a car . ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . he refuses to get down from the device even when the camera zooms in . burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog 's owner stepping forward . youtube user flying humboldt claims the french bulldog is his . the 15-year-old said he was with his mother and they left the pet in their suv with the sunroof slightly ajar . beep : this is the moment a disgruntled french bulldog continually honks a horn after being left alone in a car . surreal sight : ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action . he added that it was a cool day - around 55 degrees with showers - and the pooch had access to food and water . burns said that the horn had been blaring on and off for several minutes last monday before he went to check out what was going on with a colleague . he recalled : ' following our ears , we walked down the block ... to find this critter , who had been left behind and was so totally not having it . ' to date burns ' video has been watched more than one million times with many viewers citing it as an example of animal cruelty . however , the dog 's owner claims he was n't alone for long and far from being mistreated , he 's ' absolutely spoiled rotten ' . caught red-pawed : footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . surprise finding : burns said that the horn had been blaring on and off for several minutes last monday before he went to check out what was going on with a colleague .