millions travel to witness the spectacular grand canyon every year , but few know that this arizona landscape is home to a secret tribe , hidden away in its depths . more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america . visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , lds chapel , and a small christian church . scroll down for video . in addition to a church the village of supai has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office and school . the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants . being eight miles from the nearest road , the village is accessible only via a hike through rugged terrain or by helicopter or mule . positioned eight miles from the nearest road , the indian village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon , in the heart of the havasupai nation reservation . the picturesque plot was claimed by the havasupai tribe from the national park rangers in 1975 , after many court battles . since then tourism has formed the majority of their income , with about 20,000 visitors flocking to discover more about the inhabitants . the tribe also grow food and weave as a source of livelihood , although being situated at the base of the canyon , near to the cataract creek , has left them vulnerable to flooding . in 1911 tragedy struck as rain and overflowing of the creek ruined an entire crop field . the indian village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon , in the heart of the havasupai nation reservation . the havasu falls , located within havasupai tribal lands , consists of cascading waters down the 100-ft vertical cliff into a large pool . a decorative havasupai medicine man ( left ) . the settlement was claimed by the havasupai tribe from the national park rangers in 1975 . the general store sells products for visitors journeying into the canyon settlement for their overnight stay . day hiking in and out of the settlement is not allowed , with visitors being required to book into a home stay or brave camping . however the additional time enables tourists to full experience the beauty of the havasu falls . in addition to these are the mooney falls ( located just half a mile from the tribe settlement ) and beaver falls ( about three miles away ) . the country 's last mule mail-train makes its daily 16-mile round-trip through the grand canyon to the native american village of supai . canyon retreat : the settlement relies on tourism for the majority of its income , selling items and woven products . young mums and children gather in the havasupai village in the grand canyon national park . the median age of the tribe is 24.8 years and its inhabitants draw their strength from the land , which they deem sacred . located nearly 250 miles north of phoenix , supai is the only community in the us where mail is delivered by mule . play time ! havasupai children playing in their village in the grand canyon national park . day hiking in and out of the settlement is not allowed , with visitors being required to book into a home stay or camp . concealed in the heart of the canyon , the village provides simple shelter for those wishing to witness the stunning landscape . some visitors opt to arrive by helicopter to see the stunning havasu falls and learn about the tribe . packages arrive for the havasupai tribe on the backs of mules who have journeyed down the canyon . the tribe call the grand canyon national park their permanent home and see it as their duty to protect it .