a toddler suffering from an huge birthmark that could have blinded him in one eye has undergone life-changing plastic surgery . colby ramos-francis , who is 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . scroll down for video . colby ramos-francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand , threatening his sight . colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the us-based little baby face foundation . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . the nhs does not routinely remove the type of tumour colby had , instead treating the condition with medication . this week , colby had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the us-based little baby face foundation ( lbff ) . his mother aimee , 18 , said : ' seeing colby come out without the birthmark is the best thing ever . it makes me incredibly happy . ' if it had n't been removed properly it could have resulted in him losing his eyesight . it was so emotional seeing him trying to touch it and realising it was not there anymore . ' it is so nice not to have these worries anymore and he can just grow up and be happy . ' while also delighted with the outcome , colby 's father jamie , 23 , said he was disappointed the family had been forced to fly across the atlantic to get the treatment they desperately needed . he said : ' when someone like josie cunningham can have free plastic surgery on the nhs and colby ca n't , it 's just out of order . ' there is a huge waiting list for people like colby but she can just come along , snap her fingers and gets it . it 's heartbreaking . ' ms cunningham sparked outrage when she announced she 'd received a £4,800 boob job on the nhs . colby , with his parents jamie and aimee . his mother said : ' if the growth had n't been removed properly , it could have resulted in him losing his eyesight . it was so emotional seeing him trying to touch it and realising it was not there anymore ' . colby was born with a condition known as haemangioma , a tumour , swelling or growth of the cells that line blood vessels - the endothelial cells . these growths are usually benign but can cause severe pain and can bleed or weep easily if disturbed . colby was born with a condition known as haemangioma , a tumour , swelling or growth of the cells that line blood vessels - the endothelial cells . these growths are usually benign but can cause severe pain and can bleed or weep easily if disturbed . ms ramos-francis , from corsham , wiltshire , who endured a 46-hour labour , said she noticed something different straight after the birth . she said : ' he had a small , pink birthmark on the side of his eye and it was in the same shape as a love-heart . ' i was n't really that concerned about it because a lot of children are born with them . ' after we got home and we 'd settled in with colby we went for a six-week check up . ' by that time his birthmark had ballooned and it was really bulbous and it was n't really a nice sight . ' it should have shrunk by the age of one but it had n't made any progress . ' she said doctors in britain used a range of topical medications and pills - including propranolol - to try and reduce the swelling , but to no avail . the toddler 's parents say they were also been the victims of abuse and slurs over their son 's appearance , and feared for his chances of living a ' normal ' life . his mother added : ' in england they seemed to be picking random numbers hoping it would make a difference , hoping it would shrink it , but it did n't make a difference . ' they then offered steroids but i did n't think it would be right giving a baby steroids , i was against it . ' we did n't really have much of an option except the wait-and-see approach , which we knew deep down really was n't the best thing for colby . ' the lady we were seeing eventually said we could possibly see a plastic surgeon - but that it would take years for him to be seen . ' it was a shock we would have to wait that long for surgery . it was heartbreaking . ' on top of medical worries , colby was banned from several daycare centres because of the risk of his growth weeping , leaving his mother unable to seek work while she studies english at the open university . the toddler 's parents say they have also been the victims of abuse and slurs over his appearance . mr francis , who works in a hardware store , said : ' we had very nasty comments about colby and very nasty comments about ourselves . people have even asked if we are beating him . ' others said `` why do n't you get that disgusting thing removed from his face ? `` ' it was difficult and it has been very hurtful at times . we just wanted colby to have the best . ' in february , a team led by paediatric facial plastic surgeon dr milton waner ( left ) went ahead with a three-hour operation to cut the tumour away at new york 's lenox hill hospital . the operation , consultation fees , flights and accommodation would have set the couple back at least £10,000 without the help of the foundation . desperate , and frustrated with the lack of options in the uk , they turned to the new york-based little baby face foundation ( lbff ) , contacting them by facebook . the charity specialises in treating children born with severe birthmarks and facial deformities . on february 5 this year , a team led by paediatric facial plastic surgeon dr milton waner went ahead with a three-hour operation to cut the tumour away at new york 's lenox hill hospital . the operation , consultation fees , flights and accommodation would have set the couple back at least £10,000 without the help of the foundation . but with the level of expertise on offer , including other specialists , nurses and assistance , the figure would be ' much , much higher ' , the couple say . she said : ' asking strangers for help can be amazing . we knew no-one in new york before this but they have done so much for us and colby . we ca n't thank them enough . ' colby is just one many children to be helped by the lbff since its founding by dr thomas romo in 2002 . dr romo said : ' treating children with facial birth deformities is the most gratifying surgery i can perform . the nhs trust treating colby before his surgery said that haemangiomas are not routinely surgically removed in the uk . ' the little baby face foundation transforms not only the face of a child , but their entire life . ' the family 's claims they would have had to wait many years for plastic surgery have been denied by by deborah lee , deputy chief executive of university hospital bristol , where colby received treatment . she said : ' the trust does not recognise the parents ' recollection of the information they were given . ' general advice for this condition in that uk practice is to treat conservatively in the initial stages in the hope that surgery would not be necessary , but even if a decision to proceed to surgery was reached , this would still be during the childhood years . ' haemangiomas are not routinely surgically removed in the uk . the standard treatment for the condition is propranolol , to which most haemangiomas respond well . ' in the event they do not , patients would be referred to a dermatologist . any patient accepted for treatment is managed in accordance with national waiting-time standards , which aim to treat 90 per cent of patients within 18 weeks . ' we hope colby 's procedure in the usa was successful , and we wish him the very best for the future . ' colby will now be monitored remotely from new york with the family sending photographs back to the hospital every week . doctors have not ruled out a second operation in the near future to correct any abnormalities . 