the mother of a pregnant woman who woke up from a four-month coma earlier this month said she knew doctors were wrong when they told her that her 20-year-old daughter would n't wake up . anna moser 's daughter sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles . scroll down for video . twenty-year-old sharista giles ( left ) of sweetwater , tennessee , went into a coma in december after a car accident . her mom , anna moser ( right ) , said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery . giles ( right ) opened her eyes earlier this month . though she is still nonverbal , moser ( left ) talks to her daughter every day . though giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering , moser was confident her daughter would wake up . when giles finally did open her eyes , moser said her daughter was n't herself it appeared that she was n't sure what was going on around her . but she soon began following her father 's movements around the room . then , her father showed her a photo of her son . ' he showed her a picture of her baby , and she followed the picture , ' said her mother , beverly . ' when he turned around to put it back on the bulletin board , she turned her neck , her whole head trying to follow and find the picture again . ' and moser remained hopeful , but not entirely optimistic , until she started speaking to giles a few nights ago . ' i said , `` if you could get out of that bed right now , i could take you home , '' and her head come up . and she had never did that , it was plumb off the bed , ' moser told wate . ' that 's when i knew . ' giles was five months pregnant when she fell into the coma . in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby ( pictured in utero , right ) early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles . moser said she now speaks to her daughter every day and shows her pictures of leighton . and though giles is still nonverbal , moser believes her daughter hears her . ' i finally have not a doubt in my mind . and i needed that , ' she said . ' it 's a process . but i know , i know , it 's truly a miracle . it 's truly a miracle . ' giles has yet to meet her baby in person because doctors do not want him entering the rehab facility , her aunt , beverly giles told abc . moser said leighton has finally left the nicu and believes that giles will make a full recovery and will be able to raise her son . ' we never gave up , ' said her mother . ' she 's fought this hard . ' moser said that she believes her daughter hears her when she talks to her , and she believes that giles will make a full recovery so she will be able to raise her son .