porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against bayern munich as the only undefeated side in the champions league . however julen lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve saying the team ' has n't stopped growing ' . when lopetegui comes up against his former barcelona team-mate pep guardiola , who the former goalkeeper labels ' a winner ' , at dragao on wednesday night , it will be a clash of the two most prolific scoring sides of the tournament so far . ' we come into this tie being able to enjoy what we have accomplished and aiming to give our best in both games , as we always do , ' lopetegui told goal.com . porto train ahead of their wednesday clash against bayern munich in their champions league quarter-finalo . julen lopetegui says porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated . lopetegui exits the dragao tunnel with its champions league branding in place and ready for bayern . with a number of new players in the summer still meshing with the squad porto have room for improvement . ' many new players arrived last summer , but we have our idea of playing and the team has worked very well since the beginning of the season . ' we started this project with great enthusiasm and the purpose of qualifying the team for the champions league [ from the playoffs ] . from there , the team has n't stopped growing - travelling on its own path . ' porto were clinical in their last champions league start breezing past basle 4-0 to claim the last-16 tie 5-1 on aggregate , while bayern demolished shakhtar donetsk 7-0 after a 0-0 first leg . holger badstuber ( from left ) , thomas muller and jerome boateng take their turn on the dragao turf . pep guardiola speaks with his ballon d'or finalist keeper manuel nueur on tuesday in portugal . lopetegui ( top left ) and pep guardiola ( second top form right next to jose mourinho ) for barcelona in 1996 . porto 's defence has also been up with the larger clubs with the lowest amount of chances coming against them as they 've conceded five and scored 24 goals . atletico madrid , monaco and bayern are the only sides to have been more frugal . guardiola , a two-time champions league winner with barcelona and super cup winner with bayern , showed his former fellow spain squad member plenty of respect ahead of the match . ' it is an honour for me and i congratulate him already for porto 's great performances , ' he said in tuesday 's press conference on tuesday . ' porto have n't lost a game in the champions league this season and i 'm happy to be facing lopetegui . '   