the boat that sank in the mediterranean killing 400 migrants capsized when desperate passengers surged to one side because they thought they were about to be rescued , it emerged yesterday . survivors said the two-deck vessel ‘flipped’ after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side , the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea . hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down . saved : dozens of migrants are brought ashore at corigliano harbor in italy after they were rescued from a shipwreck which killed 400 others . the trauma of their ordeal is clear to see as the african migrants wait to be assess by medics after disembarking from their coastguard vessel . survivors told charity workers that as many as 400 others perished and italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive . the commercial ship was unaware of the unfolding disaster and went on its journey , leaving men , women and children in the water before an italian naval vessel arrived at the site some 80 miles south of the island of lampedusa . dazed , scared and exhausted survivors , including several children , were taken to lampedusa and ports in sicily , calabria and tunisia . two babies on the harbour side were wrapped in blankets – one in a makeshift cot – and carried in the arms of aid workers . as searches continued for survivors yesterday , federico fossi , a un refugee agency spokesman in italy , said 145 people had been rescued , all from sub-saharan countries , and nine bodies had been recovered . joel millman , from the international organization for migration ( iom ) , said : ‘ according to testimonies , at least one-third of the passengers were women and children . at the time of the shipwreck , they were staying in the hull of the boat to be better protected from the cold . ‘ when the men on the deck became restless and started moving about because a rescue boat was beginning to approach them , the boat capsized and water flooded the hull . women and children died immediately . ’ the death toll is the largest in the region since october 2013 and came as 42 boats , coming mainly from libya and north africa and carrying 5,110 migrants – including 317 unaccompanied children – were rescued in just 48 hours trying to make the hazardous crossing to europe . perilous journey : in a tragic twist , the boat appears to have overturned because of the excitement caused by the sighting of rescuers . lucky few : coastguard spokesman filippo marini said they had not found any more ' survivors or anything else to indicate more victims ' . shell-shocked : a man is escorted by an italian financial police from the tanker maria bottiglieri at the port of corigliano calabro . as the survivors were brought ashore , amnesty international accused the eu for scrapping rescue operations in the mediterranean . health checks : rescued men , women and children are processed after arriving at the southern italian port of corigliano in italy . the disaster has focused attention on the controversial decision to stop italian naval patrols – which last year rescued 170,000 migrants – and replace them with a smaller european policing and surveillance mission . yesterday the british-based save the children called on the leaders of uk political parties to commit to ‘ restart the rescue’ operations . save the children chief executive justin forsyth said : ‘ our political leaders can not ignore the fact that without search and rescue we are allowing thousands of innocent children and their families to drown off the coast of europe . ‘ how many thousands must die this summer before europe acts ? ’ recent good weather in the mediterranean and renewed violence in libya have prompted a big increase in the numbers trying to reach italy . many who make it have told horrific stories of their barbaric exploitation by people smugglers , who they accuse of rape , murder and torture . one 17-year-old eritrean boy told save the children officials : ‘ in libya we only ate once a day . ‘ we were continuously beaten up , in some cases with iron bars . i saw people cut off the heads of christian people . ’ officials say the disaster has taken the number of migrants lost at sea in the area this year to 900 , compared with 17 in the same period last year . an increasingly violent and chaotic situation in libya has added to the problem , with unpoliced ports allowing people smugglers a free hand . italian red cross operators give first aid to immigrants as they arrive in the italian port of messina in sicily . italian coastguards intercepted 42 boats on april 12 and 13 , carrying 6,500 migrants attempting to make the hazardous crossing to europe . recent good weather has prompted a spike in the number of migrants attempting to reach italy , many of them on overcrowded vessels .  