it was the high point of their young careers . as silver confetti rained down , the chelsea players took their turn to lift the uefa youth league trophy towards the cloudless swiss sky . each was cheered to the echo by their team-mates and the crowd . their 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk in nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at chelsea’s academy . it will be seen there as affirmation of the superiority of the stamford bridge production line . they are the defending under 21 premier league champions and the holders of the fa youth cup , which they will put on the line against manchester city next week in their fifth final in six seasons . two goal hero izzy brown holds aloft the trophy as chelsea win the uefa youth team league . goal scorers dominic solanke ( left ) and brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory . chelsea 's under 19 squad celebrate their european victory after an impressive campaign . the blues defeated teams of the calibre of atletico madrid and roma to reach the final . and now , at under 19 standard , they are officially the best team in europe after their free-scoring attack found the net 36 times in 10 matches en route to victory . but here comes the real test of chelsea’s academy . how many of these talented tyros will graduate to jose mourinho’s first-team in the next year or two ? will dominic solanke , the england under 18 striker whose goal in the final took his season’s youth league tally to a tournament-best 12 , be challenging diego costa for a place in the coming seasons ? will izzy brown , given a tantalising taste of first-team involvement when named on the bench for sunday’s match at qpr before flying back to captain the team and score twice here , be absorbed into mourinho’s forward line ? brown , who was snatched away from west brom 's youtyh system , fired home to give chelsea the lead . brown races off to celebrate his opening strike closely followed by his chelsea team-mates . solanke , brown and the elegant central midfielder ruben loftus-cheek have all been involved in the first-team squad , grabbing minutes here and there , but we all wait and wonder whether they will become regulars . coach adi viveash struck an optimistic tone : ‘ do i feel they’re getting closer ? yes . do i feel players from this group will come through ? yes . i’m confident of that . ‘ you can’t have a team that’s won as much as it has and have the different range of qualities and strengths as we have and not feel confident some will come through . ‘ ruben , dominic and andreas ( christensen ) have got minutes this season but it is all right getting minutes , they’ve got to get to the next stage . ’ and it is in getting players to that next stage that chelsea , so far at least , have struggled . while many of their academy products have gained minutes here and there , you have to go back to john terry to find a bona fide first-teamer who has come through the ranks . brown is mobbed on the floor as team-mates rush to congratulate him for his opener . shakhtar drew level when blues defender andreas christensen ( centre ) scored an own goal in the first-half . take a look at the side that played in the 2010 fa youth cup triumph over aston villa . centre back jeffrey bruma made nine senior appearances for chelsea before spending time on loan at leicester city and hamburg . he was sold to psv in 2013 . josh mceachran , the midfielder tipped as england’s next great hope , is currently at vitesse in holland , his fifth loan spell in three years . now 22 , his chance at chelsea has long passed . nathaniel chalobah scored in chelsea’s 2012 fa youth cup final win over blackburn . now 20 , he is at burnley , his fifth loan spell in the last three seasons . leading scorer solanke put chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header . chelsea striker solanke wheels away after netting in the blues ' 3-2 victory over shakhtar donetsk . solanke celebrates his goal with the impressive jeremie boga who provided the assist . solanke leaps for joy after handing chelsea the lead while becoming the tournament 's top scorer . brown completed his brace with a drilled shot from outside the area in the second half . chelsea 's rising star goes to celebrate with team-mate charly musonda after netting the eventual winner . chelsea youth manager adrian viveash rallies his troops from the touchline . the brazilian lucas piazon , also in that team , is now at eintracht frankfurt in germany after loan spells at malaga and vitesse . all of the above were tipped for chelsea stardom and are still on the waiting list . it now remains to be seen if chelsea’s latest generation of talented youngsters can buck the trend and break the mould by catching mourinho’s eye . french attacking midfielder boga , who set up two goals for the blues during the match , takes a free-kick . chelsea youngsters , led by captain brown , begin their celebrations by raising aloft the trophy . chelsea players pose with the trophy in the changing room after the victory over shakhtar on monday . 