chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over manchester united on saturday , but jose mourinho says the race is not over yet . eden hazard scored the only goal at stamford bridge to move the league leaders within two wins of being crowned champions . john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time , with his team clear in the knowledge that they are almost there in the hunt for a first title in five years . john terry leads the chelsea celebrations after saturday 's victory against manchester united . wins in their next two games against arsenal at the emirates and against leicester city would wrap up the barclays premier league crown with room to spare . but mourinho shot down any talk of celebration and has said he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish line until the maths say so . ‘ in football is not about if it 's not about almost , it 's about mathematics , ' mourinho said . ‘ when mathematically it 's done , we celebrate . until that moment we need two victories to be champions . ‘ we need to win matches . what we can say is that we play nine points at home . we can be champions just at home with the matches we play at home . obviously if we can get points away , it 's better . ‘ i am too old on this . i think i will be ready to work again next week and to make the players feel that there is still a long way to go . ’ chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the championship . chelsea were forced to defend on the edge of their own penalty area for much of the game as united took the initiative with 70 per cent of the possession . centre back kurt zouma was paired with nemanja matic in midfield as mourinho sought to stop louis van gaal’s side who have been in rampant form of late . the portuguese coach had nothing but praise for his entire team for the way they fought to keep the visitors at bay . manager jose mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do . ‘ the team was fantastic , ’ he said . ‘ i 'm the one that knows how fantastic it was . the game was exactly what we want . when we manage to play the game we want to play , the game was fantastic . ‘ eden had that magic that the top ones have , especially in big matches . obviously it was fundamental for us , but i think ( gary ) cahill made an amazing block on a ( radamel ) falcao shot . jt was amazing . the keeper was great . ‘ ( cesar ) azpilicueta was , for me , the best player on the pitch . ( nemanja ) matic worked like an animal . ( kurt ) zouma put ( marouane ) fellaini outside the game . the number 11 ( didier drogba ) was another animal fighting against two kids with age to be his son . ‘ oscar worked fantastically well , ramires came in and gave what we need , even ( john obi ) mikel came in and he holds the ball . and willian was in bed for two days and comes here directly from his house and put himself available to give a little help . it’s fantastic . ’ 