graeme finlay leaving teesside crown court . he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship . the passenger accused of beating an elderly couple on a luxury cruise ship claimed yesterday the violence erupted in a row over an awkward silence at dinner . graeme finlay , 53 , insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillips , 70 , wielding his crutch . the 16-stone british gas engineer , who was travelling alone , confronted mr phillips and his wife june , 69 , about their rudeness in ignoring him when he joined their table for dinner , a court heard . the couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin . but yesterday finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when mr phillips went for him with his crutch . he denied attacking mrs phillips . he claimed mr phillips threw a cup of cocoa in his face and hit him with the crutch when he demanded an apology . he told the court : ‘ i felt myself being struck by something sharp and i put my arms over my face to defend myself – i covered my face with my arms , i didn’t want my eye poked out . ’ he said he swung his arms outwards and felt them connect with retired engineer mr phillips , from middlesbrough . they were on board the thomson celebration liner off lanzarote when the incident happened in january last year . finlay , a glaswegian , gave jurors at teesside crown court a picture of the social pitfalls of the lone traveller when he described being snubbed in the restaurant . he said he enjoyed going to musical shows and filled his time with excursions , but dinner could be a ‘ bit awkward’ . he recalled joining two couples and said ‘ good evening’ as he sat down . ‘ i am actually quite a shy person – it is not particularly easy for me when i meet strangers , ’ he added . ‘ one of the ladies opposite me said “ good evening” back , but the other three didn’t say anything to me , which i thought was a bit awkward . i was handed a menu and realised i was going to be in the situation for the next hour or so . ‘ i then spotted a couple i’d met the previous evening and i said to the people at the table , “ excuse me , i’m just leaving as i recognise some people over there” . ’ the couple were travelling on a thomson celebration cruise ship when it is claimed they were viciously attacked . the liner was cruising off the coast of lanzarote when it is alleged graeme finlay beat the pair . later he went to a cabaret show and played cards in the casino . he then encountered mr phillips carrying two cups of hot chocolate in the lift . emboldened by an evening drinking alcohol , finlay said he gave a ‘ bit of a speech’ to mr phillips about his behaviour at dinner . ‘ i said , “ excuse me , i don’t want you to take this the wrong way , but i felt really awkward at the table – it would have been nice if you had said good evening when i said good evening” . his reply to that was “f*** off” . i couldn’t believe he reacted like that . ’ the argument continued in the corridor where finlay claimed he was attacked . mr phillips , who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation , suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae . finlay was ‘disembarked’ from the ship and had to make his own way back to glasgow . he said he needed three stitches in a wound to his arm allegedly caused by the crutch . he added : ‘ i feel deeply ashamed i have been involved in such a thing . i was very shocked to hear about the couple’s injuries . i have found it very hard to live with the shame . i feel sorry for everyone involved . ’ on tuesday , mr and mrs phillips told the court finlay had ambushed them without warning outside their room and beat them . mr phillips said : ‘ never in my life have i hit anyone , not even my wife – you can ask her . ’ finlay denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm . the case continues . finlay , 53 , says he was ‘ignored’ when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu , teesside crown court heard . he told the court he was on the ship alone and had drunk two pints of lager , three glasses of red wine and around five vodka and cokes that evening . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .