somersaulting high in the skies with dizzying abandon , it is hard to imagine that this u.s. fighter jet is some 70 years old - and reconstructed from more than 200 parts . the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat . and as this stunning on-board video shows , they have done their countrymen proud . stunning video shows an american p-51d mustang fighter jet taking to skies after a painstaking restoration . the fighter jet is some 70 years old and was reconstructed from more than 200 parts by a father-and-son team . the p-51 , nicknamed the resurrected veteran , was pieced together by bill yoak , who did all the metal work by hand , and is flown by scooter at air shows around the country . originally built in 1945 , it was among scores of long-range , single-seat bombers rolled out during world war two and later used in the korean war before being retired in the 1980s . the yoaks say their aircraft was a ' celebration of our nation 's armed forces ' , adding : ' every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and those who gave the ultimate sacrifice . ' writing on their website quick silver mustang , they said : ' the black cape covering the front of the aircraft represents the veil of protection that our armed forces give us . ' that veil is one of the reasons why we have what we have today - freedom . ' dizzying : bill and scooter yoak restored the plane as a tribute to u.s. servicemen who have died in combat . vertigo-inducing flight : the yoaks say their aircraft is a ' celebration of our nation 's armed forces ' . the cape extends to the back of the canopy , spreading out and dividing into feathers , which they say ' symbolises the eagle that has flown with every aviator since the birth of aviation in 1903 . ' they add : ' the black paint has tiny sparkling stars in it , each sparkle represents an american veteran that served our great country ; the unsung stars in our lives . ' these veterans are the glimmering star in a mother’s eye , a wife or husband’s heart , a son or daughter’s hope for the future . ' as this silver bird quickly streaks across the sky , let us not forget those who served , sacrificed , and gave their all . god bless america ! ' historic : originally built in 1945 , the plane was among scores of long-range , single-seat bombers rolled out during world war two and later used in the korean war before being retired in the 1980s . public tribute : the jet was pieced together by bill yoak , who did all the metal work by hand , and is flown by scooter at air shows around the country . in their memory : every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and gave the ultimate sacrifice .