controversial plans to spend £3.2million pulling down a 19th century country mansion and building a 'butlins-style ' gipsy camp have been approved despite angry protests by neighbours . villagers in the small country hamlet of cledford , near middlewich in cheshire , had vehemently opposed the plans saying that travellers could ' intimidate ' nearby pensioners and may ruin the idyllic surroundings . but yesterday , cheshire east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will create a ' transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families . the 200-year-old cledford hall in the small hamlet of cledford in cheshire which is being knocked down to make way for a 'butlins-style ' gipsy camp costing £3.2million . people living in the village have reacted with fury about the plans saying travellers could intimidate nearby pensioners . the mansion 's grade-ii listed adjoining barn will be converted into ' washing and toilet ' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden will also be provided at the expense of taxpayers . the cost of the project , revealed through a freedom of information request , has left locals stunned , and they now fear their picturesque cottages will be left worthless as they contemplate selling up and leaving the area . formerly grade ii-listed cledford hall , which dates back to 1822 , was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its listing was cancelled . it will be fully demolished to make way for the site which will house gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days before they must move on . around 100 letters of opposition were handed to the council alongside a petition comprising 500 signatures but they will continue with the plans - which also include a play area - in efforts to put a stop to ‘ unauthorised encampments’ . the £3.2million cost of the project was only revealed through a freedom of information request and got the go ahead yesterday by cheshire east council . cledford hall , which dates back to 1822 , was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its grade-ii listing was cancelled . builder bob moody , 66 , bought a ‘dream’ retirement cottage with his wife trisha , 61 , and has spent £130,000 renovating it with original victorian fittings . it now lies , almost finished , at the site’s entrance but he is refusing to move into it and fears he could lose £100,000 if it is put on the market . he said : 'we’re totally gutted . we’re not going to live there now . can we sell it ? it’s going to be so hard to sell . we honestly don’t know what to do . ' most of my life savings have gone into this cottage . do we chop the price to half of what it was worth or do we sit on it ? would anybody want to rent it from opposite a gypsy site ? ' we were so confident we were going to get somewhere in that meeting because we had strong arguments especially in regards to fire safety , as the plans put the caravans too close together which flouts regulations . builder bob moody at the gates to the site with local residents ken roden and george beevers . he says he was only given three minutes to voice his concerns on behalf of residents at the planning meeting . mr moody beside the house he bought in cledford as a retirement home . he is refusing to move into the property and fears he could lose £100,000 if it is put on the market . ' if they have to be three metres apart they may have to reduce the number of caravans . that means they could be spending up to £5million to accommodate six to eight families . it’s ludicrous . ' these types of transit families in cheshire can be obstructive , they may fight with police , defecate in hedges , leave rubbish everywhere . these are not the sort of neighbours that oaps want opposite them . ' at the planning meeting , the strategic planning board of cheshire east council had eight votes in favour of the site , with one against . three members abstained from voting . residents also raised concerns that the new site would destroy local wildlife which had settled on the site of cledford hall , including grass snakes , hedgehogs and toads . a planning permission sign next to cledford hall . cheshire east council say the development is needed to house travellers in the area . mr moody added : ' none of us can understand why the council should think it necessary to spend such a large amount of money providing a luxury butlin’s-style holiday camp for travellers in such lovely countryside . ' there could be a minimum of between 80 and 100 gypsies and travellers at any time . some may be very pleasant and law abiding , but you will always get the few who aren’t . ' they are only allowed to stay for 28 days so you can’t form a relationship with these people . if we get the odd ones that fight and get drunk and cause trouble it will be very intimidating . ' mr moody explained he was only given three minutes to voice his concerns on behalf of residents at the planning meeting . he added : 'i’m going to talk to a lawyer to see if there is any way we can get compensation . ' it is the direct action of cheshire east council that has lost me nearly £100,000 and i can’t recover that cost . ' this has totally ruined my retirement and retirement plans . i haven’t set a date for my retirement now because our dream was to go to our little idyllic comfortable country cottage in the fields of cheshire and that’s been shattered now . ' building work on the site is due to go ahead in the near future since the passing of the final stage of the application . councillor don stockton , head of housing and jobs for cheshire east council who lives in the nearby town of alderley edge and was part of the applying team , said : ' we need a site somewhere in cheshire east as we have a lot of travellers in the area and have had a lot of unapproved sites where travellers have been and we have not been able to move them . ' this is an approved site which we have investigated and compared with many others across the borough . it is very difficult to get these things sited and there has been plenty of public opposition . ' i know there has been a lot of public angst and people haven’t liked it but i’m afraid that is going to be the case wherever you would wish to put a transit site . ' i do feel sorry for the nearby residents . i think if the site was on my doorstep it’s just a case if wherever these things are sited it is bound to have opposition . ' it wouldn’t matter whether it was next to my house or anyone’s house . with the best will in the world we have to try and pick the best site possible . 'it’s just inevitable there is opposition and i’m very sorry for those who have a problem with that . we are under a legal obligation to have site for travellers . ” middlewich , which borders cledford , was named the uk’s fourth most desirable place to live in a royal mail study last year . 