the parents of a student who vanished in mysterious circumstances after leaving a nightclub made a desperate appeal for information last night . karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from the glasgow club in the early hours of sunday morning without collecting her coat after telling friends she was going to the loo . cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby kelvindale . but fears over the irish student’s safety were heightened yesterday after police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect . scroll down for video . karen buckley , 24 , ( left ) pictured with friends on the night she went missing after leaving a glasgow nightclub . karen buckley , a student at glasgow caledonia university , has been missing since sunday after going out with friends . miss buckley , who is brunette and 5ft 2in , was wearing a black jumpsuit and red heels when she was last seen leaving the man’s flat in kelvindale at around 4am . a handbag thought to belong to her was found in a park near the man’s home yesterday , causing police to say they are ‘ gravely concerned’ about her safety . the family of miss buckley , who is from cork in the republic of ireland , have flown to scotland to help with the search for the glasgow caldeonian university student , who studies occupational therapy . her mother marion told a press conference in glasgow : ' we just want karen home safely , we are desperate . she is our only daughter , we love her dearly . miss buckley , who is originally from cork in ireland was last seen when she left the flat of a man she had met at around 4am on sunday morning and was planning to walk home to her flat in hill street in the garnethill area . miss buckley 's parents marian and john have travelled to glasgow from cork to help in the search for their daughter . ' if anybody has any information please come forward , we would dearly appreciate it . ' her father john buckley , 62 , added : ' we are extremely concerned for her . we are desperate to get her back and safe with her family - she is our only daughter , we love her dearly and just want her to come home safe and sound . ' she always keeps in contact with her family and friends to let them know where she is and what she is up to . ' to not return to her flat or be in contact with her pals - not responding to texts and calls to her mobile is very , very worrying as it is so out of character . ' miss buckley arrived at the sanctuary club with friends at around 11.45pm on saturday and at around 1am she told them she was going to the toilet . she failed to return and did not take her jacket . she was then seen outside on cctv talking to a man and then walking west along dumbarton road towards church street . friends then raised the alarm on sunday , saying it was ' very out of character ' for her not to return home . officers have traced the man ms buckley was seen speaking to outside the nightclub , and he is ' helping police with inquiries . ' a map showing the last known movements of miss buckley around glasgow on the night that she went missing . a handbag which police believe belongs to miss buckley was found in dawsholm park , near dorchester avenue , early this afternoon . there has been no activity on her social media accounts in the last couple of days and her mobile phone is believed to be out of battery . detective superintendent jim kerr , from police scotland 's major investigations teams , stressed that the male was ' not a suspect . ' he told the press conference : we 've traced the man she was with in dorchester avenue . he believes he was intimate with her at his flat consensually in the early hours of sunday . ' from what we can see , she does not appear to be under duress , there 's no signs of a struggle or reluctance on her part to leave the club . ' however , that does not mean that something untoward has happened to her at a later stage . ' there was talk of another man she had been seen with . we 've also traced him , we 've spoken to him . ' police comb through trees in kelvingrove park below the tower of glasgow university in the search for miss buckley . police say there has been no activity on miss buckley 's social media accounts and say that they have recovered her handbag . miss buckley , who has three older brothers , is described as white and around five to five foot two inches tall with brown eyes and dark hair which had long black curly extensions in it . when last seen , she was wearing a black jumpsuit with red high-heeled shoes and was carrying a black handbag . she also speaks with an irish accent . miss buckley lives with three other student friends and earlier on saturday evening had drinks with them in their flat before going to the night club , although her friends told police she was not drunk . mr kerr appealed for people to come forward with any information about the missing woman 's whereabouts , saying while it ' may seem insignificant to them , however to us it may be the piece of information that leads us to finding her . ' the sanctuary nightclub on dumbarton road , where miss buckley was seen outside talking to a man before leaving . a man walks past the nightclub where miss buckley was last seen ( left ) and police behind the door of a flat at dorchester avenue ( right ) , where she reportedly went back to after leaving the club . miss buckley was last seen leaving the flat of a man in dorchester avenue , pictured in the kelvindale area of glasgow . her handbag was found at dawsholm park , near dorchester avenue , by a member of the public today . he said the public response so far had been ' encouraging ' , adding : ' people really do want to help . ' however , at this time we need the information about her whereabouts and her movements after leaving the club . ' ds kerr also appealed for information on a grey car that had been seen parked on remote roads between milngavie and drymen on monday . he added : ' from our inquiries we are also keen to trace a grey car which was seen on the country roads between milngavie and drymen , between 11am and 3pm on monday . ' the activity of this grey car on the monday is something that we 're a wee bit concerned about . this car has been seen at various locations on these roads and i want to know why . ' ' we are gravely concerned that karen has come to some harm , whether that is down to foul play , criminality or she has taken unwell or had an accident is obviously still to be established . ' officers gathered outside dawsholm park in glasgow before they began combing the area in their search . police are continuing their search for the missing occupational therapy student in glasgow today . her parents say they are ' deeply concerned ' and want their only daughter to return home safely as searches continue . police also appealed for information on a grey car that had been seen parked on remote roads between milngavie and drymen on monday . a police helicopter was seen circling above dawsholm park in glasgow this afternoon after miss buckley 's belongings were allegedly found there . police are ' gravely concerned ' for her safety and officers are treating her disappearance as a high-risk missing person inquiry .