researchers sketching out a ' wiring diagram ' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the internet . they say the animal 's cerebral cortex is ' like a mini-internet ' . the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll . the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet . the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found . ' the cerebral cortex is like a mini-internet , ' said larry swanson , professor at the usc dornsife college of letters , arts and sciences , and corresponding author of a paper on the discovery . ' the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet . ' the brain operates in a similar way . ' the study was published on april 6 in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . for years , scientists looking for clues to brain function through its structure focused on what could be seen — the brain 's lobes , grooves and folds . two local networks — one governing vision and learning , and another tapped into bodily concerns like muscle and organ function — make up the inner shell of the rat 's cerebral cortex . two others — one governing smell , and another that assembles and makes sense of the information from the other three networks — make up the outer shell . this means that certain flows of information are genetically ' hardwired ' into the brain , swanson said . the discovery is the result of a massive , labor-intensive effort to organize 40 years ' worth of data from peer-reviewed research articles detailing connections in rat brains . ' the data was already out there ; it just needed to be compiled into a more useful format , ' swanson said . lead author mihail bota of usc dornsife created the database from more than 16,000 reports of connections , which he weighted both on the strength of the connection and the reliability of the methodology used to discover it . the process took more than 4,000 hours to complete , yielding a database that is free and available . olaf sporns of indiana university subsequently performed a network analysis of the connections . a color-coded flat map of 1,923 rat cortical association macroconnections ( rcams ) . the team used studies of rat brains because of the sheer volume of detailed information available . swanson believes that the database can create an important link between human brain studies — which are largely done as non-invasive functional magnetic resonance imaging scans — and rat brain studies , which can be more in-depth . ' having a wiring diagram for the brain will allow knowledge to flow both ways between human and animal studies , ' swanson said . ' this allows us to take theories from human brain scan studies and experimentally verify them in animals , and discoveries made in animal studies are likely to have an analogue in humans . ' ' we 're bridging the gap between our work in rat brains and the stevens institute 's work with human brains , ' swanson said . ' if we can connect these two veins of neuroscience in a concrete and meaningful way , then we can dramatically expand our reservoir of information about the brain practically overnight . ' in the future , swanson hopes to be able to expand the neural-connection map of the rat brain beyond the cerebral cortex , some day mapping the entire nervous system . 