when tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the prime minister . however , the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty , helping mr cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak , before sitting politely with it on the sidelines . baroness brady , who is also the government’s small business ambassador , was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark , nottinghamshire , to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people . scroll down for video . helping hand : baroness brady steps forward to help david cameron with his jacket at an event today to promote new apprenticeships . sidelined : tv star ms brady might have been hoping for a slightly more galmorous role when she agreed to the appearance with mr cameron , but instead sat politely holding his jacket . campaign trail : she attended the speech along with mr cameron to announce the creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid . mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election . costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each . ministers will visited firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; crest nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the national grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices . ahead of their campaign visit today , baroness brady said : ‘ david cameron’s commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people . ' she added : ‘ with 2.2million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week . ‘they’ve become more rigorous and respected too : we’ve got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science labs . ’ the star of the bbc show the apprentice said : ‘ i remember that feeling of being 18 , 19 , 20 years old , hungry to get on and desperate for someone to give me an opportunity so i could prove myself . as soon as someone gives you a chance and believes in you – it’s a moment that can transform your life . ‘i’ve met many apprentices ( apart from the lord sugar hopefuls ) and you can see the pride written across their faces . ’ tv star karren brady , pictured in newark today , announced a series of deals with big businesses to create 16,000 new apprenticeships . david cameron - on the campaign trail in newark today- said the announcement shows the conservatives continuing commitment to apprenticeships , which he wants to be ' level pegging ' with university degress . mr cameron added : ‘ there really has never been a better time to start an apprenticeship and it’s a huge leap forward to have even more of britain’s most prestigious employers hiring apprentices . ‘ we want apprenticeships to be level-pegging with a university degree , giving millions more people the dignity of work and a regular pay packet . ‘we’ve already created 2.2million apprenticeships since 2010 , but a future conservative government is committed to opening up 3million more high quality apprenticeships – to help strengthen our economy and communities and give millions more people financial security . ’ mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election . mr cameron and the education secretary nicky morgan watched a bell being cast during a visit to john taylor bell foundry in loughborough .