it 's normally steffon armitage who triggers it , but this time it is nick abendanon’s doing . he played so well for clermont auvergne last weekend – again – that england’s policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus . for the umpteenth time , the rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ‘ exceptional circumstances’ get-out clause . there is an assumption in many quarters that , this being a world cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every englishman , wherever he may be , is available for selection . well , here’s an alternative suggestion . scrap the clause . now . it is proving to be more hassle than it is worth . lancaster , his assistants and his employers are being stalked by calls for armitage to be called into the national squad , as befitting his supreme exploits for toulon . but that is to ignore the coaches’ reservations , and the realisation that the fall-out from a shift in policy would have long-term repercussions . former bath full back nick abendanon was outstanding for clermont as they tore saracens to shreds . toulon flanker steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in europe in recent seasons . harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes the ' exceptional ' clause could cause major problems . england hooker tom youngs also thinks the clause could create tension in the current international set-up . this is not to decry a quality flanker who has excelled among the galacticos at his club , but this situation can not go on . england are being held hostage by their own edict , so why not just ditch the ‘exceptional’ clause and end the out-cry ? critics of the union’s stance over-look the consequences for the club game in this country if there is no restriction in place . this column concurs with conor o’shea , who said : ‘ it is pure populism to say it is world cup year and we should do anything we can because the minute you break that ( policy ) , you break the dam . there are always exceptional circumstances . then there will be the next one and the next one and the next one . ’ leicester’s england hooker , tom youngs added : ‘ i don’t know how well it would go down with the team . stuart has built a culture with this group of players . does he want to disrupt it ? ’ the ' exceptional ' clause rule has continued to heap pressure on stuart lancaster and his coaching staff . fair point . tell players they have to stay to be considered , then at the 11th hour perform a u-turn and select exiles ; that is a short-cut to unrest , surely ? this is no restraint of trade either – those who wish to go abroad can do so freely , but the knock-on effect is clear . well , it is reasonably clear . it would be clearer still if the rfu and england really had the courage of their convictions and abolished the clause entirely . sam burgess’s heavily-scrutinised conversion to rugby union will take an intriguing twist on friday night , when he starts at blindside flanker for bath against newcastle at kingston park . he has been striving to make an impact in midfield for four months , but his club’s head coach , mike ford , insisted long ago that back row would be his ultimate home . there are potential implications for burgess’s quest to earn a place in england’s world cup squad , as lancaster sees him as a candidate to play at inside centre . sam burgess 's rugby evolution continues on friday as he starts at blindside flanker against newcastle . however , despite widespread misgivings about the former league icon’s exploits to date in his new code , he will be included in england’s training squad announced next month , providing he is fit . that is a given . in addition , any further doubts about manu tuilagi’s health will further enhance burgess’s prospects of making it to the world cup – as a powerful ball-carrier who can break tackles and off-load . the england coaches will back themselves to mould him to their vision , given three months to do so . finally , the back-row experiment makes sense . burgess needs the ball in his hands more , in order to make his presence felt , so wearing no 6 addresses that . when it comes to matchday atmosphere , the stade marcel michelin is hard to beat . it is well documented that english clubs can not compete with their french rivals when it comes to transfer-market clout , but they are also being eclipsed in the atmosphere stakes too . last weekend , the cacophony at stade marcel michelin – for clermont vs northampton – was on a different level to anything experienced here . in this observer’s opinion , the noise and colour at stade felix mayol the next day , as wasps took on holders toulon , was similar , if not quite as relentlessly raucous . many premiership grounds are full , but they lack the constant bedlam to be found in the best gallic arenas . the millennium stadium when a big test is on takes some beating , while thomond park , limerick , is the spiritual home of supporter fanaticism , closely followed by ravenhill when ulster play under lights . munster 's home stadium thomond park is another fortress that generates a unique atmosphere . but clermont lead the atmosphere league table . it’s not necessarily a great place to go in support of doomed visitors , but those who haven’t been should try it as neutrals , for a big french top 14 clash . the place produces an epic occasion founded on fervent civic pride . corbisiero 's struggles raise doubts . when certain players go down in pain and require treatment on the field , there is a particular sense of foreboding . alex corbisiero is in that category . the northampton prop didn’t feature for england during the recent six nations and was forced off during the saints’ thumping defeat at clermont last weekend , apparently suffering discomfort in his right knee – which has been a problem area before . more recently , the lions loosehead was laid low with a shoulder injury and he could be seen flexing that joint at stade marcel michelin . corbisiero hasn’t started a test for england for 28 months . his club insist this latest setback is ‘ only a bruise’ , but there will be grave doubts about this world-class player’s ability to scale the heights again , until he plays regularly without mishap . northampton prop alex corbisiero has not started a game for england in nearly two years . saints and england lock courtney lawes is a doubt for his side 's clash with exeter on sunday . courtney lawes has what northampton are calling a ‘ bad shoulder’ and may not feature in sunday’s clash with exeter . there was better news for saracens on thursday , as jacques burger will be available for their champions cup semi-final against clermont , after escaping with a one-match ban for striking maxime machenaud of racing metro . last word . now that he has been duly confirmed as one of the 12 referees appointed for the world cup , nigel owens should just go ahead and book his room in the twickenham area for the final on october 31 . the welshman is close to being a shoo-in for that showpiece occasion , unless his cause is shattered by warren gatland’s national team emerging from the ‘ pool of death’ and going one step further than they did four years ago . it is no coincidence that owens has presided over many of the greatest encounters at test and club level in recent years . nigel owens ( left ) is the frontrunner to referee the world cup final , unless wales make it there of course . his empathy , style of communication and desire to let the game flow mean he is respected worldwide . he has acquired a high profile , but it does nothing to detract from his professionalism . happily , this year’s tournament can not be tarnished by the attention-seeking antics of alain rolland and steve walsh , who have both retired . referees are there to monitor , adjudicate and facilitate , not try to up-stage the teams and players . 