do n't be fooled , arsene . don’t be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year . it is not uncommon to see arsenal finish a season with a string of good results . usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the barclays premier league . the same thing has happened this year . chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas . arsenal players celebrate after their extra-time winner against reading in the fa cup semi-finals last week . alexis sanchez jumps in the air and celebrates wildly after his second goal for arsenal at wembley . with a 10-point advantage , even if jose mourinho loses to arsene wenger for the first time on sunday it won’t stop his side becoming champions . next year , though , chelsea won’t have it all their own way and no team is better placed than arsenal to dislodge them . there is a different feel to their form and performances this time around and wenger said recently he could ‘smell’ something happening . you just hope , however , wenger and arsenal’s board don’t get fooled into thinking they have got all the tools they need at their disposal . this is not the time to be complacent . this is the summer when arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men . that is exactly what chelsea did 12 months ago . after finishing behind manchester city and liverpool , mourinho didn’t mess around . in came diego costa , who had spearheaded atletico madrid’s la liga success , and a world cup winner in cesc fabregas . they meant business . the money was big but the quality was proven and , after they were unveiled , everyone began tipping chelsea for the title . we might be doing the same with arsenal come august if wenger , who has been criticised for spending arsenal’s money like it’s his own , is similarly ambitious . arsenal , it should be stressed , are not in need of major surgery and the spine of their team is now much stronger than at any point last season , when they only just held off everton’s challenge to finish fourth . but there is still room for improvement . arsenal manager arsene wenger talks to his players ahead of extra time at wembley last saturday . chelsea manager jose mourinho looks in fine form during a press conference on friday . results have been impressive since david ospina replaced wojciech szczesny , who had failed to show the required consistency . ospina has played 12 premier league games ; arsenal have won 11 and he has kept six clean sheets , but wenger still needs to buy a new no 1 if they are to be title challengers . petr cech would be an ideal candidate to come in . laurent koscielny has steadied things in defence , with arsenal winning 15 of the 18 games he’s played since january 1 but , to progress , wenger needs another top centre back . gabriel paulista arrived in the new year but it seems it was to provide cover for koscielny and per mertesacker . francis coquelin has added bite to the midfield , but would arsenal have enough to challenge next season if coquelin is their anchor and mikel arteta is his back up ? no . why doesn’t he go for paul pogba , who looks set to leave juventus ? wenger spent £42m on mesut ozil , so why not spend the same and more on pogba . if they needed to sign ozil two years ago , their need to sign pogba this summer is even greater . diego godin of atletico madrid is 29 and at the peak of his powers . he would be ideal at the heart of the defence . arsenal goalkeeper david ospina pictured during a training session at london colney last week . chelsea goalkeeper petr cech warms up before saturday 's premier league clash against manchester united . olivier giroud , meanwhile , has provided a focal point up front . i like giroud . he is an under-rated striker and , had he not missed three months with a broken ankle , his tally would be more than 14 ; he averages a goal every 101.93 minutes , the second best rate in the premier league . giroud is one of a number of good options wenger has up front . alexis sanchez has been brilliant , while danny welbeck has played his part , but that should not stop wenger looking to improve on what he has got . if a forward with the class of players he has had before , such as thierry henry or nicolas anelka , comes on the market , wenger would have to move for him . imagine what luis suarez , sergio aguero or karim benzema could do for arsenal ? i’m not saying arsenal are getting to the levels of ‘ the invincibles’ but their form has me thinking they are getting closer . the 2-0 win at manchester city in january could be a turning point . they made themselves difficult to beat rather than being open . hopefully we will see more of this . arsenal 's french striker olivier giroud looks forward as he advances with the ball at wembley . danny welbeck ( left ) looks to evade the challenge of reading 's hal robson-kanu ( centre ) and alex pearce . of course it has been frustrating that they have not challenged for the title since last winning it 11 years ago , and wenger has not had a smooth ride . fans turned on him after they lost at stoke — and after the champions league defeat to monaco — leading to talk about jurgen klopp coming in . but some perspective is needed . wenger has done a good job keeping arsenal consistently in the top four — all their rivals have dropped out at some point in between — and by the end of next month , they could have won back-to-back fa cups . how could you then get rid of wenger ? so one question would need asking : what are they waiting for ? both manchester clubs will spend in the summer , but both those clubs have got far more problems to fix . city’s squad is old and needs big investment , while united will have the complication of being back in europe . wenger , then , could use the next window to call it on . the message it would send out to his players , fans and , most significantly , their rivals would be huge . it would let everyone know they were launching an all-out assault on the title . they would have to be taken seriously . beating chelsea on sunday won’t alter things in the short term , but it will offer belief that arsenal can challenge next season . what they do in the window will determine how big a statement they can make . finding some special players could transform them . borussia dortmund head coach jurgen klopp celebrates after beating sc paderborn last weekend . wenger applauds the arsenal fans after his side booked their place in the fa cup final . big guns missed out on a fab freebie . full marks to aston villa . they are a side rejuvenated by tim sherwood and absolutely deserved to beat liverpool in the fa cup semi-final . jack grealish understandably attracted most of the headlines for his outstanding performance but the role fabian delph played was just as important ; his aggression , energy and left foot gives villa balance in their midfield . liverpool couldn’t cope with his aggression . earlier this season , delph was lauded for committing his future to villa even when their position in the barclays premier league was threatened . he signed a four-year deal , which showed his character could never be called into question . what can be called into question , however , is the wisdom of some other clubs in the premier league . fabian delph ( right ) celebrates after scoring for aston villa against liverpool in the fa cup semis . delph , do not forget , was set to be out of contract this summer and a number of sides at the top of the table had their chance to sign a young england international for free . no doubt these same clubs will go out when the window opens and bring in at least one foreign midfielder , to go with the ones they signed last summer , and soon enough we will hear at some point next season that we don’t have enough english players playing for top sides competing in europe . there will then be complaints from clubs saying it is impossible to buy english players because there is such a premium on them and they will argue that is why they are forced to look abroad for new signings . the delph situation shows that sometimes such an argument is nonsense . he is now villa’s captain and has been their best player for the last 18 months . his progress has been so impressive he is now a regular in the england squad and if he can add more goals to his game — like the one he scored against liverpool — he could reach a very high level . delph slots the ball past liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet in villa 's 2-1 victory at wembley . if delph does maintain his improvement , inevitably clubs will come looking at him . but if they want him , it will cost . for reasons only they know , they let slip a chance to get something good for nothing . their loss is most certainly villa’s gain .