boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in california . the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco . the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us , where he is preparing for his next fight . scroll down for video . boxer amir khan , who could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car . the boxer posted this picture on snapchat , while driving his car in the fremont area of california near to san francisco . another picture that the boxer posted while appearing to be driving . police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps . but according to californian law , using a mobile phone while driving is an offence , which can result in fines or points on a licence , which if accumulated can result in a ban . however the fremont police department have yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps and if an offence took place . it is not the first time that mr khan has posted pictures and videos from behind the wheel . earlier this year , he uploaded a video to his facebook page entitled , la , beverley hills and rodeo drive . in it the boxer , can be seen introducing himself and the passengers in his car . in a video uploaded to his facebook page , the boxer appears to be taking a video while travelling down rodeo drive in beverly hills . in the facebook video , it is unclear if khan was the one driving or holding the phone to shoot the clip . although further on in the clip , the footage shows him travelling along rodeo drive , although it is unclear if he is the person driving or holding the mobile phone . the pictures come eight years after mr khan was convicted for driving without due care and attention after running over a man and breaking his leg . geoff hatton was crossing a road in bolton town centre on march 2 , 2006 , when khan 's £65,000 bmw 645 convertible swerved past a queue of cars which had stopped for a red light and ploughed into him . the pictures come eight years after the boxer , pictured , was convicted for driving without due car and attention . his right leg was detached from his hip and he had to have a metal rod inserted in his leg . he could walk only with the aid of a stick and died two years later . khan was fined £1,000 and banned from driving for six months and weeks later was given a second ban for driving at up to speeds of 140mph on a motorway . a representative for mr khan refused to comment . 