a heroic army dog who lost her entire front leg while clearing a taliban compound on patrol in afghanistan has a new home with one of the men she saved . this week , us army staf sgt julian mcdonald , welcomed 4-year-old layka , a belgian malinois , into his columbus , ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years . layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt . mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47 . scroll down for video . great team : u.s. army staff sgt . julian mcdonald ( left ) of columbus , ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old belgian malinois named layka ( right ) into his home after she protected him in afghanistan in 2012 . injured : despite being injured , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory . best friends : layka and mcdonald 's son liam have become best friends and they play daily . her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them . so endebted to her for the selfless bravey she showed in combat , sgt . mcdonald decided that he must bring her home to live with his young family . ' i realized i had a responsibility to take care of her , just as she took care of me , ' said sgt . mcdonald to abc news . ' she saved our lives and i owed it to her to obviously save hers . ' medal of honor : even though layka no longer has her right leg , she has a new family to keep her safe and a medal of honor in recognition of her bravery . fast friends : layka is gentle with mcdonald 's children despite being trained to attack enemy soldiers . in afghanistan : while mcdonald was on his eight overseas military tour and completing a mission to clear an enemy compound with lyka , a man started to shoot at them . mcdonald told abc that layka adapted to civilian life quickly and that she became fast friends with his son liam . ' her excitement brought me to tears , ' mcdonald says . ' she was the sole reason why i was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife . ' mcdonald says that layka will always hold a special place near his heart . the u.s. military deploys more than 500 dogs worldwide at any given time . each year a few are killed in action .