mike whitehead was standing against labour 's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire . nigel farage today insisted the tories had suffered a ' hammer blow ' after a former parliamentary candidate defected to ukip - only for it later to emerge that he had already been sacked from the party last week . mike whitehead , who was standing against labour 's alan johnson for the tories in hull , claimed he was joining ukip after becoming ' disgusted ' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group in his area . but the tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor . a spokesman for the tories said : ' this man is not our candidate for hull west and hessle . he was sacked last week . ' we wrote to him last week to say that his position was untenable and could not stand for us at the general election . we were already selecting a new candidate for this constituency . this is typical ukip – cynical , misleading and utterly calculating to try and score political points . ' mr whitehead , speaking on bbc 5 live this morning , confirmed he was sacked last week . he said : ' i got an email on wednesday evening to say that if i did n't stand aside from my intentions to stand in the local elections , they would remove my candidacy in west hull and hessle . ' i said i was n't prepared to do that and so as i would n't give them that guarantee they terminated my candidacy in west hull & hessle . ' mr whitehead said he had been increasingly worried about the behaviour of the controlling group of tories in east yorkshire since 2011 , when seven conservative councillors from haltemprice and howden resigned , citing bullying and intimidation . he added : ' in my opinion , the behaviour of the ruling group has only gotten worse since then . ' mr whitehead said he could no longer carry on ' in good conscience ' . scroll down for video . responding to the news , mr farage said : ' i am delighted to be welcoming mike to the party at this exciting time . ' his move to ukip just underlines that today the real party of opposition to labour in the north is ukip . it is another hammer blow to tory pretensions in the north of england ' . ukip yorkshire and humber mep mike hookem said : ' mike has shown himself to be a man of principle in standing up for what he believes in and i am looking forward to working with him in the near future . ' nigel farage claimed the scalp was ' another hammer blow ' for david cameron , just a month before the general election . fellow ukip mep jane collins said : ' both mike and his colleague mick burchill , who defected earlier this week will be standing for ukip in the local elections . ' i think they will both be a great addition to the ukip team in this area and i am also looking forward to working with them closely . ' hull west and hessle is safe labour territory - former home secretary alan johnson is defending a 5,700 majority from the 2010 general election when the conservatives finished third .