a british schoolgirl has died after being thrown from a horse while on holiday in india with her family . india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai . the youngster , who was on the second day of a holiday , was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival . india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai ( file picture ) . she had been riding just metres ahead of her father gavin , 43 , and a member of staff when the tragedy unfolded . her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds . the police said the member of staff and the girl 's father managed to control the horse and rushed india to a nearby primary health centre . sub inspector r n khebude , of matheran police , said : ' in his statement , gavin said he was just behind his daughter and saw the entire incident . he said the horse suddenly went out of control and dragged her up to some distance , because of which she suffered serious injuries and died . ' he said the victim 's parents had chosen not to press charges against the operator , saying it was an accident . police said india 's father worked with a uk-based company and arrived in mumbai ( pictured ) with his family on march 30 , staying in a five-star hotel in the city . on the basis of the victim 's parents statement , police have registered a case of accidental death . doctors stated her cause of death as head injury and shock , it has been reported . police said india 's father worked with a uk-based company and arrived in mumbai with his family on march 30 . they were said to be staying at a five-star hotel in the city and went to the region of matheran on monday . a spokesperson for the british deputy high commission in mumbai confirmed india 's death , adding : ' we are providing consular assistance to the family at this difficult time . '