pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size . goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length , in the waterways of western australia amongst other exotic introduced species . ' a lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish , so they prey on them and compete for habitat , ' dr david morgan , the director of the centre for fish and fisheries research at murdoch university , told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . goldfish ( pictured ) weighing up to 2kg are some of the exotic aquarium fish invading and destroying wa 's waterways . koi carp ( pictured ) weighing up to 8kg and up to one metre in length are another of the 13 introduced pests . the native fish in the region , such as this balston 's pygmy perch which has been attacked , are only up 10cm . ' our native fish are generally less than 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows . ' in the south-west of western australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there , so the rivers are refuges for the native fish and when they are forced to coexist with introduced species , they just do n't do very well . ' aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes , introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them . ' in perth we 're aware of a couple of parasites . one is pretty devastating on native fish , it 's an anchor worm which is a little crustacean that leaves a hideous , hideous impact on native fish and was probably introduced by goldfish . a huge murray river cod was removed from a perth wetland in novemeber last year : ' a lot of these fish are much larger than the native fish , so they prey on them and compete for habitat , ' dr david morgan , the director of the centre for fish and fisheries research at murdoch university , said . pest carps : ' in the south-west of western australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there , ' he added . ' we 've now found it in three rivers around perth and south of perth . ' it 's been only in the last decade that we 've discovered a lot of parasites and disease that we do n't know a lot about - there 's a lot of things that have come in to australia that we really do n't know anything about . ' research conducted by dr morgan and stephen beatty found that at least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western australia , with pet owners believed to be the biggest culprits . in 2012 , the world 's biggest ever specimen of a south american cichlid was found living in wa . ' goldfish in captivity generally remain orange , grow to about 10-15 cm and weigh less than 100g – in the wild in wa they get to 2kg and 40cm , ' dr morgan said . pet owners who have dumped their aquarium fish in rivers are the culprits behind the invasion . in 2012 , the world 's biggest ever specimen of a south american cichlid ( pictured ) was found living in wa . ' effectively people are unknowingly doing it - or occasionally they deliberately do it for fish to catch - but they 're basically released by pet owners , so people are n't really aware what damage they 're going to have in the ecosystem , ' dr morgan said . ' what you see up and down western australia 's coast is a lot of pest fishes are right in town centres and almost every town has one . ' the problem is not unique to australia . many countries with mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which , due to being extremely easy to breed , take off when in the wild . ' education is our best solution , once fish get in the waterways they 're extremely difficult to eradicate , ' dr morgan , whose organisation euthanizes hundreds of the pests after catching them through electric fishing , said . introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them . the problem is not unique to australia . many countries with mediterranean climates have also had their waterways invaded by aquarium fish which , due to being extremely easy to breed , take off when in the wild .