a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown . the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon . ' child was fine and was safely reunited with parents ' following the incident , secret service spokesman brian leary told cnn . a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the president residence under lock down for a few moments . the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday . the man died after shooting himself on the west front of the capitol building just after 1 p.m. , capitol police spokeswoman kimberly schneider said . no one else was hurt . capitol police chief kim dine said the man had a backpack and a rolling suitcase , triggering an hours-long lockdown , and a sign that said something about ' social justice . ' witness robert bishop told cnn it said something about taxing the '1 % . ' bomb squad members respond to reports of a suspicious package on the west front of the us capitol , on capitol hill on saturday . a man carrying a backpack and rolling suitcase shot himself while carrying a sign about taxation . authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection . robert bishop of annapolis , maryland said he was biking near the steps of the capitol when the suicide happened . bishop did n't witness the suicide but said there were about 60 people in the area , and that some of them did , including a girl and her mother who immediately began crying afterward . bishop said another witness told him and a police officer that the man who killed himself held up a protest sign about taxation just before pulling the trigger . the lockdown came during washington 's annual cherry blossom festival , which attracts thousands of tourists during washington 's busy season . congress has been on spring recess for two weeks and lawmakers are set to return to work monday . busy day : the suicide came on one of the busiest days for tourist in the u.s. capitol as travelers from the world over flock to the yearly cherry blossom festival . january 2015 : an employee of the national geospatial-intelligence agency accidentally crashed a small drone on the south lawn at the white house while operating it from a nearby apartment . the white house was put on lockdown for more than two hours after the drone hobbyist lost control of the device . october 2014 : dominic adesanya jumped the fence and made it onto the north lawn before being taken down by two security dogs and arrested by the secret service . september 2014 : omar j. gonzalez , an iraq army veteran with a knife in his pants , scaled the fence from the pennsylvania avenue side of the white house and made it inside . he overpowered an officer at the entrance and ran through most of the main floor and made it to the east room before he was finally captured . the shocking security breach launched congressional hearings and led to secret service director julie pierson 's resignation . just 24 hours later college student kevin carr was arrested for trespassing after he parked his car at a security checkpoint outside the estate and refused to leave . and in the same month a man wearing a pikachu hat and carrying a plush doll of the pokemon jumped the fence and walked on to the north lawn . august 2014 : the white house went on lockdown after a toddler somehow managed to squeeze through the gates . may 2014 : a man was arrested for indecent exposure after stripping off all his clothes when he was denied access outside the white house . june 2013 : joseph reed crashed a driverless jeep filled with bullets , knives and two machetes into the pennsylvania ave. gate , hoping to create a diversion so he could spray paint a ' do n't tread on me ' snake - a symbol sometimes associated with the tea party movement - on the side of the white house . november 2009 : in one of the most famous and extensive of breaches , reality tv stars michaele and tareq salahi from bravo show the real housewives of d.c. slipped past two secret service checkpoints and managed to crash a state dinner party that they were not on the guest list for while being filmed by cameras for their reality show .