andrea yates ' ex-husband has condemned the criminal process the killer was put through 14 years after she drowned their five children in the bathtub of their suburban texas home . russell ' rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a son , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial , claiming it was the ' cruelest thing he had ever witnessed ' . he insisted her actions were ' completely a result of her illness ' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children . the mother from clear lake , texas , systematically drowned noah , 7 ; john , 5 ; paul , 3 ; luke 2 ; and mary , 6 months , in their home in june 2001 . andrea yates ' ex-husband rusty ( left ) , who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son , slammed her murder trial ( pictured right in 2002 ) as the ' cruelest thing i have ever witnessed ' . the yates ' boys , from left : paul , three , john , five , noah , seven , and luke , two , dressed up for halloween the year before they were drowned in the bathtub by their mother . six-months-old mary yates , killed by her mother along with her four older brothers . andrea yates was said to be suffering from postpartum depression when she drowned her children in 2001 . she then called 911 and told the first officer to arrive at the scene that she had just killed her children . earlier that day she fed the children breakfast and said goodbye to her husband as he left for work . she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison , after prosecutors tried and failed to get the death penalty . but an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility . yates had been diagnosed with postpartum psychosis - the most severe and rarest form of postpartum depression . little was known about it at the time and most afflicted mothers were left to suffer in silence . her condition was a cause of huge pain for mr lake , who has revealed he still cares for his wife and visits her - even though they divorced in 2005 . speaking on oprah 's where are they now , mr yates said : ' this [ was a ] mentally ill woman -- who otherwise loves her children , was a great mother , was a great person -- and they 're going to sit her in trial ? try to kill her ? the first trial , where prosecutors sought the death penalty , was hard on mr yates . the yates family portrait ( before baby mary was born ) , left , and husband russell ' rusty ' yates outside his home the day after his children were murdered . almost 14 years after the deaths , he maintains his ex-wife was a good mother who loved her children . mr yates married laura arnold , a woman he met at a church in clear lake , during a private ceremony in 2006 , two days before his ex-wife 's murder re-trial . he added : ''they spent a week showing pictures of our children 's dead bodies in front of a jury , in front of her . ' i mean , from my perspective , that 's the cruelest thing ... she 's somebody that needs love , compassion , support . ' they just take her and put her on public display , with the bodies of my children . it 's so wrong . ' the former nurse and stay-at-home mom had a history of psychiatric hospitalizations and suicide attempts before the horrific incident , when she drowned her children , one by one , in the family bathtub . according to investigators , yates had to chase the last child , her eldest , noah , seven , through the family home and drag him into the bathroom . the former high school valedictorian 's devastated husband , rusty , remained married to his wife for four years after their children 's deaths and he continues to visit her although they divorced in 2005 . he has now remarried and has a five-year-old son . of his former wife , he said in 2012 : ' she is doing well , all things considered . she 's been medically stable for five years . ' andrea yates was first convicted of murder but this was overturned on appeal in 2006 . she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and has since been in a psychiatric hospital . during her first trial in 2002 , yates lawyers claimed she believed that the devil was inside her and that by killing her children she would save them from hell . her attorney george parnham and his wife , mary , have campaigned for more awareness of women 's mental health issues . nine years ago , he helped setup the yates children memorial fund to educate families about postpartum psychosis and similar conditions . one out of 1,000 women are said to experience postpartum psychosis and may hear voices , see things and have thoughts of harming themselves or their baby . last year , doctors recommended that she be granted permission to attend group outings from the psychiatric hospital where she has been institutionalized since 2006 . she is the only patient at kerrville state hospital who has never received a group-outing pass , said parnham . a decision is set to be made on it this year . mr yates married laura arnold , a woman he met at a church in clear lake , during a private ceremony in 2006 , two days before his ex-wife 's murder re-trial . the pair began dating shortly after his divorce was final . in 2008 his new wife gave birth to a son . police crime scene tape surrounds the southeast houston home where five children were killed by their mother on june 20 , 2001 , while her husband was at work . ( from left ) luke , paul , john and noah in a family photo taken on november 2000 right before their mom gave birth to her baby sister .