disgraced former mayor lutfur rahman ( pictured ) is said to have played the race card to silence opponents - and his deputy today reiterated claims there is deep seated racism in the borough of tower hamlets , in east london . a deputy of disgraced former mayor lutfur rahman yesterday appeared to blame the vote-rigging scandal on ‘ institutional racism’ . oliur rahman , who took over from the deposed leader yesterday , insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the east london borough of tower hamlets . his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud and found he had repeatedly ‘ played the race card’ to silence critics . the two men – who are not related – are both members of the tower hamlets first party . political opponents said they were playing the same ‘ cracked record’ by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems . oliur rahman told the bbc : ‘ if people say there is no racism in tower hamlets , then they are very much mistaken because there is institutional racism . ‘ if people want to turn a blind eye to the racism then that’s their decision but they are very much mistaken if they turn round and say there is no racism in tower hamlets , and that people are not judged because of their skin colour and their religion . ’ on thursday , electoral judge richard mawrey qc found that lutfur rahman , 49 , and his cronies had rigged the 2014 mayoral ballot by creating an army of ‘ ghost voters’ , forging postal votes , bribing muslim voters and using religious intimidation against them and branding opponents as racists . he found that all the councillors from the tower hamlets first party were elected corruptly . oliur rahman , 34 , a former councillor for george galloway’s respect party but now a tower hamlets first councillor , emailed his fellow members yesterday to declare himself acting mayor until new elections . he said : ‘ following the verdict , i have assumed the executive role within the council , until a mayoral election is held . ’ peter golds , the leader of the tory group in tower hamlets , said : ‘ oliur rahman ought to be hanging his head in shame and apologising to the borough , but i don’t think he gets it . ‘it’s ludicrous to play the race card again . they roll out this hoary old chestnut every time anything happens . the real unpleasant racism has come from the ranks of tower hamlets first . ‘they’ve got one cracked record , that any criticism of them is islamophobic and racist . now they’re playing it again , despite the court case . nothing has changed . ’ lutfur rahman , who was britain’s first elected muslim mayor , has met lawyers to discuss seeking a judicial review of the election court’s decision that he was responsible for bribery and voter fraud . supporters said he continued to deny any wrongdoing . police have been urged to launch a fresh investigation into fraud in the 2014 mayoral election , which will be re-run in june . lutfur rahman , a bangladesh-born former labour council leader , has been banned from running for public office , or even voting , for five years . four voters launched legal action against him after complaints that police and the electoral commission had failed to act . andy erlam - who launched legal action against the mayor with angela moffat and azmal hussein ( pictured left to right ) - said oliur rahman was in ' complete denial ' . the group was headed by andy erlam , who stood as a councillor on an anti-corruption ticket . mr erlam said lutfur rahman’s supporters – including oliur rahman – were in ‘ complete denial’ . he added : ‘ they are still claiming rahman didn’t do anything wrong despite a devastating judgment by a respected high court judge who spent six weeks considering the dreadful evidence . ‘ it makes me shudder to think they were in charge of a £1.3billion budget of taxpayers’ money . ’ 