a marathon runner who parked his car before taking part in the race has found it again nine days after the 26 mile event following a public appeal . jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the manchester marathon on april 19 . but when the runner from wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it . jason matthews , 40 , ( pictured after the race ) lost his car after parking up before the manchester marathon on april 19 and is about to be reunited with it after a good samaritan gave up his day off to join the search . mr matthews spent hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him . he spent 40 minutes driving through the area of the city surrounding manchester united 's old trafford ground before going to a police station to ask for help , but eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the midlands . however , his car has now been found safe and sound by adam coppin from salford , who read of mr matthews 's plight and decided to use his day off to help . mr coppin , 32 , spent this morning searching for mr matthews 's car and found it safe and sound in an office car park in salford quays . ' i 've been in similar situations parking at work , then forgetting what floor of the multi-storey i 've parked on and walking around for ages , ' said mr coppin , who works as a technical advisor at mediacityuk . ' i could imagine his frustration , especially after running a marathon . ' i read the story on monday night and had an idea from the description where it might be . ' as i had today off , i decided to go out and look for it and managed to find it . ' there is no damage apart from a few blossoms falling down on it from the tree above . i 'm glad i could help . ' mr matthews left his black saab 93 , similar to this model , in a side street close to manchester united 's old trafford ground before the race . mr matthews , a delivery driver for a builders ' merchants , said he could remember driving into manchester up princess parkway and then onto the mancunian way , before taking the a56 towards trafford on his way to the race . he then remembers driving past old trafford on his left before parking up in a car park on a side street near a small office block . mr matthews , who was competing in the manchester marathon for the first time , said : ' the area looked like a small estate and there were chaps with high vis vests waving people in . ' i did the race then walked back past old trafford and looked around for about an hour . ' i actually ended up walking part of the course again . ' then i spent about 40 minutes in a taxi and we looked all around near the imperial war museum but could n't find it . mr matthews had searched this area of manchester during the hunt for his missing car . ' i went to the police station and there was another chap and a lady there in exactly the same position . ' mr matthews , who has competed in nine other marathons , added : ' i was that worn out , i was just anxious and annoyed . manchester council had told him there was no record of the vehicle , which had a silver bike rack attached to it , being towed or impounded . grateful mr matthews said he was so relieved to be reunited with the vehicle that he wants to make a donation to a charity of mr coppin 's choice in order to say thank you . he plans to travel to manchester tomorrow to retrieve his vehicle . ' i am so relieved , it 's a massive burden lifted off me , ' he said . ' i 'm so glad i do n't have to go out looking for it again or buy a new car . i am so grateful to this chap for finding it for me . ' once i 've got it back i 'd like to make a donation to a charity of his choice to say thank you for his troubles . '