protesters have demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents foxtons during a protest against the gentrification of south london . the store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while ' no evictions ' and ' yuppies ' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements . a police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage . thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the reclaim brixton group who were demonstrating against local residents and businesses being priced out of the trendy area . one of the event 's organisers denounced the violent actions of ' one idiot ' but told mailonline there could be a reason foxtons - which has a reputation for selling expensive homes - has been ' continuously targeted ' . scroll down for video . vandal : one vandal smashed the front window of foxtons brixton branch ( pictured ) during a ' wholly peaceful ' protest against rising house prices in london . violent : the lone protester demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents foxtons , who have a reputation for selling expensive houses . defaced : the vandal then spray painted ' no evictions ' and ' yuppies ' on the estate agent 's housing advertisements . reputation : a spokesperson for reclaim brixton - who organised the event - denounced the man 's violent actions but suggested there could be a reason foxtons is ' continuously targeted ' . motive : cyndi anaso said she is not happy about the vandalism but told mailonline ' it suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted ' . response : police at the scene in brixton ( pictured ) had to us cs spray to disperse a group of violent protesters . cyndi anaso from reclaim brixton told mailonline said she was ' saddened ' that someone behaved ' deviantly ' during a wholly peaceful demonstration . but she claims the upmarket estate agents have been targeted before , adding : ' foxtons has a very poor reputation when it comes to expensive properties and unfortunately . ' ' there 's a message in it which i 'm not happy about but it still suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted . ' there 's never an endorsement of the attack but nothing else on the day can be considered even slightly violent . ' ' i do n't even think it 's right to apologise for these individuals because every protest that you watch , there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window . ' foxtons is widely considered as a sign of gentrification and its presence is an indicates that an area either is or has the potential to become very affluent . the reclaim brixton event was planned to demonstrate against the rising property prices in london which the group believes is ' displacing the city 's communities ' . a statement on the facebook page for the event said : ' the fight against gentrification starts here ! brixton is widely known for its vibrancy , which is another word for social and cultural diversity . keeping watch : there is still a ' police presence ' outside the vandalised store in brixton , south london following the incident . defence : sympathisers and brixton locals used twitter to condemn the attention being given to the ' isolated ' act of vandalism . break-in : the metropolitan police ( pictured ) also said the group forced their way into brixton town hall , but were removed shortly after and no arrests were made . ' but brixton 's vibrancy now has a question mark on it . will brixton turn into a living museum or will it live ? ' but alongside images of people protesting peacefully on the streets , social media has been flooded with images of hordes pushing past police and the foxtons window being destroyed . a police spokesman added : ' a group of protesters then made their way to brixton road where the window of a commercial premises was smashed and graffiti sprayed on the building . ' police used cs spray on ' a small group of protesters ' who went into brixton police station at around 4.10pm before being removed shortly afterwards . the metropolitan police also said the group forced their way into brixton town hall at around 3.15pm , saying : ' officers entered the building and the protesters were removed . ' grace lally from lambeth housing activists said the demonstration had attracted thousands of people . smashed : a reclaim brixton spokesperson said : ' every protest that you watch , there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window ' . she added : ' the protest has been lively and strong and loud and people have hung banners off the town hall , blocked the streets and marched through brixton a number of times and stopped traffic . ' ms lally insisted the protest was ' really lively ' but there had been ' no violence or trouble or anything like that ' . those sympathetic to reclaim brixton 's protest and locals of the area have taken to twitter to denounce isolated incidents of violence . regarding the smashed window , vanessa furey from london said : ' whilst sympathetic to the sentiment , idiots who have done this will have taken away what reclaim brixton was about . ' and louise ridley wrote : ' i live in brixton . i want people to know about extortionate rents and evictions . but i do n't want windows smashed , anywhere . '