the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis ( file picture ) . an artificial version of a compound in broccoli could hold the key to treating arthritis , say researchers . the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition . but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit . sulforaphane in its natural form is also too unstable to turn into a medicine . but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment . a single dose of the drug , known as sulforadex or sfx-01 , is the equivalent of eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day . in tests on mice affected by osteoarthritis , sulforadex significantly improved bone architecture , gait balance and movement . professor andrew pitsillides , who co-led the research at the royal veterinary college in london , said : ‘ these initial results are very positive for such an experiment and we have convinced ourselves that sulforaphane is a promising agent for the treatment of osteoarthritis . ‘ the clinical development of sulforaphane has been held back by the fact that it is inherently unstable – sfx-01 is a major advance in this area . ’ professor pitsillides added : ‘ nearly nine million people in the uk have osteoarthritis and it costs the nhs more than £5 billion every year . but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment ( file picture ) . ' there is no cure or effective treatment for the disease other than pain relief or joint replacement , so the potential for sfx-01 is massive . ’ broccoli is also believed to reduce the risk of some cancers and cardiovascular disease , and improve symptoms of autism . a university of pittsburgh study found it could be used to prevent throat cancer . in laboratory tests , extracts from broccoli were shown to give mice protection against oral cancer . 