newcastle are set to strip fabricio coloccini of the captaincy this summer and give the armband to daryl janmaat , should he remain at the club . former argentina defender coloccini has been skipper since 2011 but head coach john carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season . the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff . newcastle boss john carver is set to strip fabricio coloccini ( above ) of the club captaincy this summer . daryl janmaat will be given the honour during the summer with carver labelling him as ' outstanding ' . coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month’s 3-0 defeat at everton and landed a three-match ban which ruled him out of the tyne-wear derby . in his absence , moussa sissoko skippered the team to three defeats and was himself red carded during monday’s 2-0 loss at liverpool following a reckless lunge on midfielder lucas . the france international – who is desperate to quit st james’ in the summer – is now facing a club fine as punishment for his indiscipline . meanwhile , official vice-captain cheick tiote has long since been agitating for a move away from tyneside and he has only appeared 12 times this season because of injury . carver said : ‘ the captaincy is something that has to be addressed by the football club . ‘ we need to give the captaincy to somebody who is responsible , who is a leader . the players will follow a leader , and they have to have discipline on and off the pitch . carver said on thursday : ‘ we need to give the captaincy to somebody who is responsible , who is a leader ' . ‘ i should n't have to go in there and manage that dressing room – that 's what your captains are there for . i would definitely review the situation in the summer . ’ carver will recommend that holland defender janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season . he , though , is attracting interest from liverpool and , given the unsettled situation at the club right now , could be tempted by a move away . but there has been no question over janmaat’s commitment this season , as carver added : ‘ i 'd be tempted ( to make janmaat captain ) , yes , because he 's a proper leader . ‘ he 's got character , strength , he 's good around the dressing room . whatever you ask him to do he 'll do it and he has a good presence around the place . ‘ he leads by example , and that 's what you need a captain to do . daryl has been outstanding . moussa sissoko hands the captains armband over to manager carver after being sent off at liverpool . ' this is his first year in the premier league and he’s been outstanding , whatever position he’s played in . it’s important we keep him . we need to keep our best players . ’ coloccini , however , will captain the team for sunday’s visit of spurs . and carver said : ‘ if it was me , i 'd want to prove a point . ‘ if it was me who had been sent off and i was the captain of the football club , i 'd want to perform for the next six games , because i have been sent off and we 've had to reshuffle the back four because of it . ‘ and i think he will give a good response because will be disappointed at what 's happened . he 'll not want to see this team struggle like they did a few seasons ago and end up in the championship . ’ referee martin atkinson shows coloccini a red card during last month 's trip to everton at goodison park .