ten years ago , i signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election . earlier this month i signed a letter backing the conservatives for this one . why the conversion ? i 'm not a tribally political animal . i am someone who runs and starts businesses , but most importantly wants to see our country succeed . i back whatever works . five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems . we had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system , and managed – via huge state intervention – to avoid total collapse . the recovery of the uk since then has been extraordinary . we have outperformed every other major economy . former blair ally charles dunstone ( pictured ) is now supporting the conservative party in the election . when i speak to investors and business people around the world , they see the recent british story as something of a miracle . the jobs figures alone are astounding : 2 million more people are in work – a figure representing many , many personal triumphs . businesses are starting in record numbers . i really believe david cameron and george osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround . but back to ten years ago . in 2005 i supported new labour because they had ended the tyranny of ' or ' – the idea that you could only have a strong and growing economy ' or ' a fair and compassionate society . new labour recognised that the one helped pay for the other ; healthy tax receipts from business meant more money for schools , hospitals and helping the poorest in our country . put simply , tony blair understood that in order to spend money , you first need to earn money . i 'm genuinely concerned that this view is n't shared by the current labour party – and that business is viewed as the problem , rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society . what 's more , they do not seem to understand how businesses work . take their energy-freeze policy . this betrays a basic misunderstanding of how markets work . companies would have elevated prices in anticipation of a freeze – and kept them high despite the recent drop in the price of oil . this is just one clumsy intervention that would end up costing people money . the current government has made it very clear that the uk is open for business and endeavours to make business welcome here . it 's vital , because fundamentally , the business world is driven by confidence and positive sentiment . the former carphone warehouse boss said mr cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy . however , it is very fragile and hard to nurture , and the mobility of the modern business world means a tech firm can start up as easily in berlin or silicon valley as they can in london , so they 're not going to pick a place which they perceive will make it hard for them to thrive . we need a government that backs business , not one that views us as cartoon capitalists ; a necessary evil to bring in money at best ; the embodiments of greed at worst . because the truth is the vast majority of those working in business are trying to build something good and to employ more people . there is such a thing as turning an honest profit . the man running a local bakery and employing ten people is a capitalist . the woman starting up a tech firm in her attic is a capitalist . these people are doing our economy and our society a service . they are not to be stigmatised but backed . i 'm backing the conservatives for this election as they 've shown a determination to stick to the course even when the tide of opinion was turning against them . a couple of years ago , a chorus of voices were urging george osborne to change direction . he ignored them , the plan paid off , and now those same people are patting him on the back for his resolve . i like what they 've done for small businesses too . everyone 's got to start somewhere . i started selling mobile phones from my flat . and in the age of the start-up , government has to make life easier for people to get going . he said the current labour party , under ed miliband , viewed business as the problem , rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society . i was speaking to an italian contact recently who told me that anyone starting a small business in italy gets sucked into a quagmire of bureaucracy , treated like some massive enterprise with their own accounting department . he could n't believe that in britain you could get online and register your company in a few short steps – and that is to the conservatives ' credit . most of all i like the confidence that is growing in our economy . what the economist keynes called ' animal spirits ' ; what used to be called the feel-good factor ; whatever you call it , that can-do feeling has been returning . economic success is n't decided on high , it is the collective result of millions of people feeling that we are heading in the right direction ; willing to take chances and work hard to succeed . this confidence has returned , beyond doubt – but we must make no mistake , it is a very fragile thing . indeed , it still has n't returned to many of our near neighbours . i 'm not a party loyalist and i have never donated money to any party . but on this occasion i really felt i had to speak out as our economic recovery truly hangs in the balance . for me the choice is clear . and it is not a choice between backing business on the one hand and promoting fairness on the other . there is nothing progressive about attacking business and undermining our economy . if the economy fails , frankly it is not the richest who suffer , it 's the poorest . it would be a huge and tragic irony if well-meaning people ended up hurting the most deprived in our country . but that is what i fear would happen with a labour-snp government – one that is anti-business , anti-aspiration and pro-spending money we have n't even earned yet . it comes down to this : we have come a long way in the past five years . clawing our way out of recession has meant a lot of hard work and sacrifice . we are rounding the corner and really getting somewhere as a country – and we would be crazy to throw it all away now . 