david cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the conservatives are ‘ the party of the grafters’ . the prime minister , who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion , said he made ‘ no apology’ for focusing on the economy , insisting : ‘ nothing matters more . ’ he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying while labour sneers at those who work hard , his party backs them . scroll down for video . david cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the conservatives are ‘ the party of the grafters’ . yesterday , mr cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow . ‘ if you want political excitement , maybe you could go to greece , ’ he said . ‘that’s an exciting country , i am told . i don’t think that’s exciting – i think that’s terrifying . ‘ when you get a new job , a new home , get a new childcare place or start a new business ... now that’s truly exciting . if you want to take a risk , vote for the other man . my god , he’s got plenty of risks . ’ he said labour’s ‘disastrous’ plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people’s lives . and he told voters : ‘ i want you to think about the three million low-paid people we have taken out of income tax , i want you to think about the two million jobs that we have created , i want you to think of the cuts in youth unemployment that we’ve achieved . i want you to think of that and i want you to take that argument that labour make and stick it where the sun don’t shine . ’ mr cameron went on : ‘ some people are saying to me , “ you are putting too much emphasis on a strong and stable economy and securing our future” . i plead guilty . ’ the tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses , calling them ‘ the lifeblood of the economy’ . thousands of small business leaders will back the party in an open letter . the prime minister , who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion , said he made ‘ no apology’ for focusing on the economy , insisting : ‘ nothing matters more’ . and mr cameron – who is understood to have ordered that all campaigning activity is now dedicated to the economy – will set out new proposals to support millions of small firms and self-employed . he is to promise tax breaks and start-up loans , and an end to another £10billion-worth of red tape , to enable the creation of 600,000 businesses a year . the tories are also promising to review the disadvantages faced by the self-employed , who make up 15 per cent of the workforce . in an echo of the campaign rhetoric of margaret thatcher , who famously celebrated napoleon’s supposed dismissal of britain as a ‘ nation of shopkeepers’ , mr cameron will say : ‘ small businesses are the backbone of our economy – and conservatives are behind them 100 per cent . we’re the party of the grafters and the roofers and the retailers and the plumbers . ‘ we get them , we respect them , we understand them , we back them . where labour sneer , we cheer . ’