real madrid 's international stars were reunited on wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing el clasico to fierce rivals barcelona . cristiano ronaldo returned to the club 's valdebebas training ground after helping portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against serbia on sunday evening . he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale , who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in wales ' 3-0 victory against israel in haifa . cristiano ronaldo greets gareth bale as real madrid 's squad are reunited after the international break . ronaldo plays a pass ( left ) and appears to celebrate during the session at real 's valdebebas training ground . defender raphael varane ( left ) keeps a close eye on ronaldo as the portuguese runs with the ball . ronaldo , who scored in real 's 2-1 defeat at the nou camp last month , appeared fit and fresh as carlo ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster martin odegaard - in training . the norwegian midfielder became the youngest player to start a euro qualifier when he faced croatia on saturday evening , although he could not prevent his country going down 5-1 in zagreb . odegaard , 16 , looks unlikely to play a part in sunday 's crucial clash with granada as los blancos aim to close the gap on leaders barcelona . they will have an ideal opportunity to do just that when they host la liga 's 19th-placed side at the bernabeu in an 11am kick-off , with luis enrique 's men travelling to celta vigo later that day . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti chats with james rodriguez as real 's players stretch during training . martin odegaard ( left ) joins in with the first-team as bale ( right ) balances a ball on his left shoulder . fit-again luka modric ( left ) slides in to beat defender fabio coentrao to the ball in the madrid sun . they will have an ideal opportunity to do just that when they host la liga 's 19th-placed side at the bernabeu in an 11am kick-off , with luis enrique 's men travelling to celta vigo later that day . sergio ramos , luka modric and james rodriguez were also pictured getting put through their paces in sun-soaked madrid as ancelotti bids to get his side back on track . real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions - a 2-0 home victory against levante last month - and are now four points behind lionel messi and co .