ed miliband’s us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported £300,000 salary , he has admitted . david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year . he has helped refine mr miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . advisor : david axelrod ( right ) masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama ( left ) . they are pictured together in february 2008 on a campaign aircraft in idaho , nine months before his first win . and he will have been aware of labour’s eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week . but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk . asked whether he pays tax in britain , he told the daily telegraph : ‘ i don’t do my accounting so i don’t know but i’m not in residence there . ’ labour confirmed it pays mr axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm and that he ‘ lives in the us , works in the us and pays taxes in the us’ . hired by the labour leader : mr axelrod ( right ) has helped refine ed miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . mr axelrod makes infrequent visits to the uk to meet mr miliband and also offers advice by phone . mr miliband made his crackdown on those do not pay tax on their foreign earnings a key pledge in his manifesto . some remain ‘non-domiciled’ for tax despite spending most of their time in the uk but others , critics of mr miliband have claimed , are genuinely only in the country for short periods . labour frontbenchers have expressed concerns that despite his high salary , mr axelrod has been ‘invisible’ ahead of polling day . his biography does not mention his work for mr miliband . it is understood that lynton crosby , the conservatives’ australian election chief , pays full taxes on his earnings in both the uk and australia , however he is currently working full-time in the uk . david axelrod : two presidential triumphs in the us . behind david axelrod 's self-confessed ' tired and rumpled ' appearance lies one of the sharpest political brains of his generation . he won fame in the us after helping to convince americans to pick their first black president in 2008 and then helped barack obama 's re-election four years later . but the two presidential triumphs are only the highest profile in a string of democrat successes that have made the 60-year-old new yorker a back room political superstar . it began 30 years ago when , fresh from quitting his job as the youngest ever political editor of the chicago tribune , he helped oust a three-term republican senator for illinois . three years later , he was a key member of the team that helped re-elect chicago 's first black mayor harold washington . but he has not been as successful in europe . former italian prime minister mario monti secured only 10.5 per cent of the vote in italy in 2013 despite the guru 's advice .