a leading holiday company has cancelled trips out to nepal following in the wake of the 7.8 magnitude earth quake that struck the country leaving thousands dead . intrepid travel , who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year , have decided not to take any more bookings to nepal until may 11 . and those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip . scroll down for video . as the search goes on for those missing in the earthquake , the british foreign office has advised tourists in nepal to follow the advice from local authorities . the company confirmed to mailonline travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe . ' while we are continuing to concentrate on the safety of our clients out in nepal , we have decided to cancel all our trips to the country until may 11 while the rescue operation is underway , ' said a spokesperson . ' safety is our main priority , and even after this date , we may have to recommend our customers to book to visit somewhere else . 'no-one knows how long the rescue operation will go on for , but in the short term we would n't advise anyone to visit after such a disaster . ' intrepid group has been running tours to nepal for 36 years and has a team of local operators on the ground constantly monitoring the situation . nepal’s capital kathmandu – with a population of over one million – was one of the worst-hit areas in nepal , with the quake’s epicentre just 50 miles north of the city . as the tremors intensified , people were seen in scenes of mayhem running from their homes and places of work in panic . dozens of people were gathered in the car park of kathmandu 's norvic international hospital , where thin mattresses had been spread on the ground for patients rushed outside , some patients wearing hospital pyjamas , while doctors and nurses were treating people . around 1,000 tourists have amassed at tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu in the hope of getting out of nepal following the earthquake . jordan torrilla , nepal expert with luxury holiday company kuoni has warned tourists what they should expect if they honour their trips to the asian country . ' as with any aftermath of a natural disaster , there will be a frenzy , and it certainly wo n't be calm and tranquil ' , ' he told mailonline travel . ' there will be an atmosphere of worry , people will be doing emergency shopping , and obviously it would n't be a great time to be going out there . ' there are always times when people have to travel out to these destinations after a disaster , tourists just have to be aware of the people and what they will be going through . ' you are certainly not going to be number one , not going to be the priority . it 's important you have a deep level of patience as it will be very difficult for the local to prioritise you when they may be dealing with severe family issues and loss of life . ' and a spokesperson for trailfinders confirmed that their customers scheduled to travel to nepal in the next couple of days have been contacted and advised against making the trip . all 12 bookings they have out in nepal have been accounted for and plans are being made to return them home . people survey the rubble of damaged buildings a day after a massive earthquake in nepal . meanwhile the foreign office advice is that british tourists should check with their travel provider before heading to nepal . the importance of following local authorities ' advice as well as keeping an eye on news and updates has also been highlighted as critical for anyone who may have been caught up in the disaster . and the foreign & commonwealth office ( fco ) told mailonline travel that tourists should be aware that nepal is always considered a country of 'high-risk ' of earthquake , and that their main focus is on helping britons caught up in the disaster . ' we advise people to stay in a place of safety and follow any advice provided by local authorities , ' a spokesperson said . ' the situation is always changing , so it 's important to keep an eye on local news providers . ' our general advice to anyone who is set to travel , or currently travelling , out there would be to check with your travel provider , and to make sure you keep abreast of the situation . ' we have a dedicated phone number that people can call if they have any questions at all about the situation , and this can be about outward travel too . ' the earthquake 's epicentre was kathmandu , but aftershocks and tremors have been felt in another three countries . the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres ( 50 miles ) northwest of kathmandu at 06.11 gmt , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . the 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor south asian nation in over 80 years . television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu has re-opened following the disaster , but with over a thousand people queuing overnight , the journey out of nepal will be problematic for tourists . ndtv reports that a queue ' perhaps a kilometre long ' has grown outside nepal 's only international airport , with many families having to go without food and water in the hope of leaving the country . a statement on the fco website reads : ' the british embassy would seek to help british nationals to leave as soon as possible following a major natural disaster . around 2,000 people are thought to have died in nepal alone , with hundred still missing . ' however , kathmandu’s tribhuvan international airport ( tia ) may be unusable following a large-scale earthquake , as will nepal’s road network . it could take some days for it to become operational . ' a spokesperson for the association of british travel agents ( abta ) told mailonline travel : ' travellers in nepal are advised to monitor local news and media reports and to follow any advice and instructions issued by the authorities and by the foreign office . ' abta works closely with its members and with the foreign office to ensure the safety of any customers and staff affected . ' british travellers in nepal or those due to travel should contact their holiday company who will help them with any concerns . ' nepalese rescue members and onlookers gather at the collapsed darahara tower in kathmandu ; tourists are now making their way to tribhuvan international airport in the hope of avoiding another disaster . around 40,000 british nationals are reported to have visited nepal in 2013 . foreign secretary phillip hammond has said his thoughts are with everyone who has been affected by the natural disaster , and that the british government are in ' close contact ' with their nepalese counterparts . ' the british embassy in nepal is offering our assistance to the authorities and is providing consular assistance to british nationals , ' he added . this morning , a 6.7 magnitude aftershock struck india and nepal , shaking buildings in new delhi and triggering an avalanche in the himalayas . the earthquake also triggered a massive avalanche on mount everest killing 18 people and injuring at least 30 climbers . there are also a number of climbers still missing , including a number of britons . if you are a british national currently in nepal and wish to inform the fco of your whereabouts you should contact them on +44 207 008 0000 . this number can also be called for anybody who has concerns about visiting the region affected by the earthquake .   