an online campaign set up to raise money for a blackpool pensioner who is being sued by the club 's owners has reached its £20,000 target . frank knight , 67 , posted an apology on his facebook account last week to blackpool and the oyston family , who run the fylde coast club , over allegations he made on his social network account last year . in that statement , addressed to the 34 facebook friends he had at that time , knight said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the sky bet championship club , which prompted fellow seasiders supporter joe atherton to set up an account on the website gofundme.com where fans could pledge donations . blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family before their championship game against reading . supporters have been protesting against the oystons before matches and then not attending the games . over 1,000 supporters did just that , ensuring the target was met in only three days , and the account will now be kept open to provide more financial aid to fellow supporters such as steven sharpe , who blackpool announced they had taken legal action against in january following posts he made on a forum regarding oyston and the club . an update on knight 's campaign page read : ' we 've done it ! £20,000 reached in 3 days . phenomenal stuff . thank you to all blackpool fans for digging deep , and football fans of other clubs throughout the land ( and world ! ) . ' i 've been in contact with the knight family and they want me to express their gratitude to every single one of you that 's donated and promoted this campaign . frank 's total may 've been reached but the fight continues . ' blackpool chairman karl oyston speaks on his mobile phone during blackpool 's draw with reading . owner owen oyston watches the match huddled under a blanket in the stands . blackpool fan frank knight posted an apology on a supporters ' messageboard last week . blackpool became the first football league side to be relegated when their demotion into the third tier was confirmed on easter monday , and they still need one point to equal the lowest ever points total in the second tier when there have been 24 teams . the day after that relegation was confirmed , disgruntled supporters threw eggs at the back of directors ' boxes before their game with reading and hurled a firework , flare and smoke cannister into the cordoned-off area in front of the main reception area in angry protests against chairman karl oyston . over the weekend , actor-turned-activist and west ham fan russell brand even asked what he could to do ' help ' the situation on his official twitter account . blackpool 's main reception at bloomfield road was pelted with eggs before their game with reading .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .