coachella fans who attend the california-based music festival typically go for good music and a good time — but they may end up bringing home something much worse than a hangover and some sunburn . cosmopolitan.com reports that coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked , but might not be frequently cleaned . in fact , according to medical experts , festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , norovirus , salmonella , and even hepatitis a . sick concert : festival-goers who attend outdoor concerts like coachella are at risk to contract diseases like influenza and norovirus . while this is the first year that coachella has installed permanent restrooms , instead of setting up notoriously dirty portable toilets , the festival 's 324 new private stalls could still be harboring germs ; even spending time around so many people outside of the restrooms has health risks . ' outdoor music festivals and concerts where thousands of people are clustered together in close quarters can be a breeding ground for infections and other health problems , ' dr. kevin campbell tells dailymail.com . he advises that festival attendees should take steps to avoid catching diseases like norovirus and salmonella , which can cause gastrointestinal distress , as well as conditions like hepatitis a , influenza , and shigellosis . close quarters : at coachella , thousands of people are packed into tight spaces , which creates conditions for bacteria and viruses to spread quickly . toilet upgrade : new permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private stalls , but even nicer-looking facilities can spread germs . ' in general , it is essential to wash your hands before eating and drinking , ' dr. campbell adds . ' using hand sanitizer is an important , portable way to eliminate many bacteria from your skin before introducing food into your mouth . ' experts also warn that people at coachella should also take precaution to touch as few surfaces as possible while in public restrooms . some ways to avoid contact with germs and bacteria include using paper towels to turn off sink faucets after washing hands and not touching door handles . celebrities beware : even stars like justin bieber and kendall jenner , pictured here at coachella , are not immune from the risk of contracting hepatitis a and shigellosis . but bacteria and viruses are n't the only things at outdoor concerts that can lead to illness . ' [ these events ] often involve drinking alcohol and some recreational drug use , ' explains dr. campbell . ' it is essential to be careful to avoid dehydration — the combination of the sun and heat with alcohol can be quite dangerous . ' take precautions by limiting alcohol intake and drink plenty of water during outdoor events , ' he adds . ' wear sunscreen to avoid sunburn , and a wide brimmed sun hat is also an important tool to ward off sunburns that can lead to skin cancers . '