an assassin dubbed ' skinny girl ' has allegedly been murdered just south of the mexican border - the third woman with that nickname to suffer at the hands of a rival cartel . joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she achieved notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media . scroll down for video . joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been found stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she gained notoriety in january when this picture began circulating online . the woman , who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s , began operating under the name rio bravo . cutting a slim physique and an almost innocent smile , she also donned a kevlar jacket beneath a gold necklace . in the comments next to the striking image , people urged her to sell the gun and buy another tv while others prayed for her . a picture of her body laying next to a dead man and another woman was taken before another image was posted showing her dismembered body in the cooler . a tattoo saying ' nino ' , the same as the one seen on her right forearm , is also seen in the cooler . alongside the photo was a message warning people to ' keep sending theses f****** a*** holes ' , insisting they will meet the same fate . her two predecessors also ran into bad luck during confrontations with law enforcement . the first of the three ' skinny girls ' was veronica mireya moreno . according to the daily beast she started out as a police officer and became a hero when she was wounded during a shootout . the first of the three ' skinny girls ' was veronica mireya moreno . she was arrested driving a stolen car with a revolver and six cellphones inside and was accused of being complicit in a number of murders and drug deals in 2011 . on saturday violence erupted on the u.s border after security forces arrested one of the area 's most influential drug dealers . she is then alleged to have signed with the los zetas cartel and was arrested in 2011 while driving a stolen car - with a revolver and six cellphones inside . she was subsequently arrested and charged with being complicit in a number of murders and drug deals . months later nancy manriquez quintanar was said to have taken part in a string of slayings , mainly from competing cartels . more than 100,000 people have died in gang-related violence in mexico over the past eight years . on saturday violence erupted on the u.s border after security forces arrested one of the area 's most influential drug dealers .