patrick vieira 's manchester city elite development squad saw their barclays under 21 premier league title hopes take a hit as an own goal gifted west ham a deserved victory over them at upton park . a dan potts header and adam drury 's own goal gave west ham a two-goal lead before olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city , but it was not enough . patrick vieira 's side were missing a number of players who were busy preparing for monday night 's fa youth cup final second leg against chelsea , when they will be looking to overturn a 3-1 deficit at stamford bridge . dan potts scored the opener to set west ham on their way before an own goal doubled their lead . patrick vieira witnessed his manchester city under 21s side lose to west ham at upton park on friday . west ham united : spiegel , knoyle , page ( c ) , nasha ( mavila 80 ) , pask , potts , ward ( pike 72 ) , makasi , brown , diangana , parfitt-williams . unused subs : bogard , westley , hector-ingram . manchester city : gunn , drury , oliver , smith-brown , horsfield , holland , intima , ntcham , pozo , glendon ( c ) , dilrosum ( nuttall 60 ) . unused subs : tattum , o'brien , bullock , fernandes . under the upton park lights , the hosts took the lead inside just 11 minutes . a djair parfitt-williams cross came in from the right and full back potts was the surprise recipient , popping up to head past angus gunn at the far post . city rallied and potts proved his worth at the other end , clearing jorge intima 's strike off the line following a corner . the visitors were in the ascendency going into half-time but within nine minutes of the restart west ham had doubled their lead and this time it was a gift . jordan brown fired in a teasing cross and drury could only stab into his own net in an attempt to clear . olivier ntcham , pictured playing against roma earlier this season , pulled one back but it was in vain . city finally pulled one back with 14 minutes to go when ntcham rounded goalkeeper raphael spiegel to half the deficit . tom holland and jose pozo both went close to levelling matters and substitute fernandes shot wide when he maybe should have scored . but the hammers held on for three points as city 's title hopes at under 21 level took a hit .