lord tebbit has hit out at david cameron for not being a ‘ real man’ with ‘ real depth of experience’ . the former tory party chairman said that unlike major figures such as sir winston churchill , clement attlee or aneurin bevan , mr cameron had never had a ‘ proper job’ . instead , he said the prime minister had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television . lord tebbit , pictured , launched an astonishing attack on david cameron claiming the pm has never had a proper job before entering politics unlike winston churchill , clement attlee or even aneurin bevan . lord tebbit , a former airline pilot , also criticised mr cameron’s tactics in playing up the threat of a labour-snp government , and even suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour . he told the bbc’s newsnight : ‘ i just can not read mr cameron’s mind . it’s a foreign country to me . ‘ men like churchill , atlee , bevan , were real men with real depths of experience . ‘ they had not gone from school to university to being a special adviser to working in an advertising agency . ’ he added : ‘ he doesn’t have that hinterland of experience any more than mr miliband . ’ lord tebbit also suggested that mr cameron’s campaign tactics were pushing people into the arms of the snp and ukip . lord tebbit accused mr cameron , pictured , of bungling the scottish referendum and annoying english voters . ‘ having bungled the scottish referendum , it seems pointless to just irritate scots by shouting at them from westminster , ’ the former cabinet minister under margaret thatcher said . ‘ the english are irritated into voting for ukip , by being shouted at from westminster – and the scots are irritated similarly . ’ lord tebbit also told the guardian it was ‘logical’ for scots to vote tactically for labour in areas where conservative candidates stand no chance . ‘ from the tories’ point of view we are not going to come home with a vast number of seats from scotland , ’ he said . ‘ we know that . ‘ so the choice is would we rather have a scot nat or labour ? i think , on balance , probably a labour mp would be a more reasonable thing to have . ’ meanwhile madonna was criticised by her gay fanbase yesterday for paying ‘unapologetic’ tribute to margaret thatcher – who brought in legislation to ban the ‘promotion’ of homosexuality . the 56-year-old singer posted an image of the iron lady on photo-sharing website instagram along with the caption ‘ thank you margaret thatcher’ followed by ‘unapologetic’ and a reference to her latest album , rebel heart . but the post was hurriedly removed after her gay fans reminded her that mrs thatcher’s ‘anti-gay’ legislation was only overturned in 2003 .