goodness knows how many times at white hart lane i’ve felt like falling to my knees at the back of the west stand and banging my head on the floor . i’ve lost count . a lifetime of following spurs can have that effect on you , especially in recent years . last saturday’s inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off . stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month . had i actually gone through with it , however , within seconds i’d have been hauled to my feet by the stewards and steered unceremoniously towards the exit . they are especially vigilant when it comes to anyone blocking the gangways or stairwells . and given football’s tragic history , from ibrox to hillsborough , their caution is well-merited . so it was surprising , to say the least , to see that photograph of two muslim liverpool supporters praying to mecca at half-time in an fa cup match . they had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand , apparently with the full consent of safety staff . one of the men , solicitor asif bodi , 46 , from preston , explained that because the televised game didn’t kick off until 4pm , the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground . so perhaps we can point the finger at television . matches are shifted all over the shop by the schedulers , for purely commercial reasons . for instance , those irritating lunchtime games are designed for the benefit of bookmakers and betting syndicates in the far east , not season ticket holders . travelling fans often complain that evening games mean it is impossible for them to catch the last train home . but this may be the first time that a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the muslim call to prayer . the extraordinary scene was captured on a mobile phone camera by liverpool supporter stephen dodd . he tweeted the photograph with the caption ‘ muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday # disgrace . ’ in no time , predictably , the balloon went up . with the customary restraint for which social media is renowned , the usual online lynch-mob were branding him a ‘bigot’ and a ‘ disgrace to humanity’ . the incident took place when liverpool were playing blackburn rovers at anfield in march . needless to say , someone reported the tweet to merseyside police , who for once exercised commendable sanity and decided not to get involved . but liverpool fc is investigating , saying discrimination will not be tolerated and promising to take ‘ appropriate action’ . to their enormous credit , mr bodi and his partner in prayer abubakar bhula are urging restraint . ‘i’ve supported liverpool for 40 years and i used to be a season ticket holder , ’ mr bodi said . ‘ from what i understand , this guy doesn’t live too far from the ground and is probably a boyhood fan , so i wouldn’t want him excluded from the ground or anything . ‘ he should be given a talking to and made to go on an awareness course or educating . ’ why ? most people would agree that labelling the photograph a # disgrace was an intemperate over-reaction . but this was a real ‘ oi , doris ! ’ moment . you don’t expect to stumble over muslims praying in a stairwell at a football ground midway through a cup tie . quite apart from the safety considerations , even those of us who believe people should be free to practise their religion of choice also believe there is a time and a place . and scousers go to anfield to worship at the shrine of shankly , not allah or the almighty . how would the management have reacted if some devout catholics had decided to stage a holy communion at half-time ? or the queue for the gents’ was obstructed by a conga line of chanting hare krishnas ? what if a handful of liverpool fans had turned up at the local mosque and started singing you’ll never walk alone in the middle of friday prayers ? would their claim to be exercising their democratic right to celebrate their religion stop the old bill steaming in and nicking them for ‘ hate crime’ ? what do you think ? mr bodi seems to be an eminently reasonable and civilised man . what i’d like to ask him would be when , in his four decades of supporting liverpool , he first started praying during games at anfield ? i may be wrong , but my guess would be that this is a fairly recent phenomenon . as the muslim population of britain has grown to three million , islamic ‘rights’ have become increasingly more assertive . we have de facto sharia law in some areas of our cities ; halal food imposed in schools , hospitals and works’ canteens ; and now even gelatine-free halal pick’n’mix counters in supermarkets . over the past decade or so , what we have seen is british society being obliged to bend to the demands of islam . such is the contradiction inherent in our state-imposed ‘multiculturalism’ tyranny that more latitude is extended to muslims than any other group or religion . look , i’m a supporter of the fa’s anti-racism kick it out campaign . football crowds are gradually becoming more diverse , and not before time . this remarkable photograph from anfield is evidence of that . the game is awakening to cultural differences . at the league cup final in cardiff a few years ago , they were selling balti pies at the blackburn end , while knocking out over-priced smoked salmon bagels in the spurs’ section of the stadium . someone must have told them blackburn has one of britain’s biggest asian populations and tottenham has a large number of jewish supporters . so no stereotyping there , then . balti pies are one thing . but back to more serious matters . didn’t it occur to mr bodi and mr bhula that if the kick-off at anfield clashed with their religious obligations then perhaps the wisest course of action would simply be to give the game a miss ? ok , so there were only two of them this time . but what if next season there’s a dozen , or two dozen , or 200 , all expecting the right to pray where they like ? where do you draw the line ? at this rate , it won’t be long before muslim fans start demanding special prayer rooms at football grounds , just as there are already in public buildings and police custody suites . soon it will become a legal requirement . when it does , remember : you read it here first . a polish prince , yanek zylinski , has challenged nigel farage to a duel in london’s hyde park , accusing the ukip leader of stirring up hatred against eastern european immigrants . brandishing a sabre , he threw down the gauntlet : ‘ are you up for it , mr farage ? ’ he’ll have to get farage out of the pub first . maybe it would be better if he challenged him to a vodka drinking contest . i’d be happy to referee , in exchange for a couple of bottles of wyborowa . if it’s a duel he’s after , zylinski should invite cameron . dave probably learnt to fence at eton . come to think of it , instead of bothering with the campaign , why not a series of generation game-style contests to decide the election ? william ‘14 pints’ hague could represent the tories in the drinking round . cleggover and miliband could stage a winner-takes-all bacon sandwich eating competition . and how about a mud-wrestling tournament , involving theresa may , harriet harman , wee burney , that welsh bird and the aussie madwoman from the greens ? it would certainly beat the hell out of last night’s leaders’ debate . bristols at dawn ! sorry , but i do n't agree with nick . when the bbc’s political editor nick robinson went off air in march to be treated for a tumour on his lung , i wished him a speedy recovery . i’m an admirer of robinson and at the time described him as a beacon of impartiality in a bog of bbc bias . this week he returned , but with such a raspy , whispery voice it was difficult to make out what he was saying . nick robinson 's eagerness to resume work is understandable , but he should have been told to complete his recovery . his eagerness to resume work is understandable , but he should have been told to complete his recovery . he’s not doing the viewers or , more importantly , himself any favours . it’s like andy murray going on to centre court with one arm in plaster . get well , soon , nick . and don’t worry about the election for now . you’re not missing much . a woman cried rape when her boyfriend found out that she had taken part in a threesome with a married couple , aberdeen sheriff court has been told . but hannah mcwhirter had been a willing participant and exchanged texts with the couple telling them how much she’d enjoyed it . this week she admitted wasting police time and was remanded for reports . given the bracing weather in aberdeen , she should have told her boyfriend they were only huddling together to keep warm . fore ! that 's a long drive . the day after i wondered why fitness freaks have to wear electronic wrist-bands to monitor their every bodily function , the british medical journal published a report claiming health apps are positively harmful — because they convince the ‘ worried well’ that there’s something seriously wrong with them . spooky , or what ? you can also get wrist-bands which tell you the distances to the holes on every golf course in britain . a friend of mine checked his app as he was driving home from a golf tour of scotland . it told him he was 253 miles from the 18th green at gleneagles .  