a father has been left furious after police ran over his daughter’s cat – and then simply told the family that their pet had been ‘ disposed of’ . harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt’s home . but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour’s door and asked for a black bin bag . a witness then described seeing them ‘ scooping harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car’ . tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter 's cat harry had been hit by a patrol car and ' disposed of ' . mr hunt spent two days putting up ‘ lost cat’ posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager . incredibly , when he contacted police , officers coldly told him harry had been ‘ disposed of’ . yesterday mr hunt , from normanton , derby , broke down as he described how a neighbour had witnessed the police car running over his cat . the incident is now being investigated by derbyshire police’s professional standards department , he said . mr hunt , 42 , said he had told five-year-old daughter lily that her beloved pet had gone to heaven , but could not bring himself to tell her why . he accused police of a ‘ lack of humanity’ and demanded a face-to-face apology from the two officers involved – one of whom was a wpc . mr hunt is outraged as the three-year-old ginger cat ( pictured ) was micro-chipped so officers could easily have contacted the family . the restaurant manager , who lives with partner zoe price , 30 , their daughter lily and one-year-old son thomas , said : ‘ what has happened is absolutely disgusting . ‘ i couldn’t believe what i was hearing when a young lad called to tell me he had seen the police run over harry . ‘ i called 101 straight away and eventually spoke to a desk sergeant , who confirmed harry had been hit and said he’d been “ disposed of” . ‘ there was no compassion whatsoever . he didn’t go into details as to how harry had been “ disposed of” and i didn’t want to know , to be honest . for all i know , they could have tossed him straight in the bin . ’ mr hunt was informed about the three-year-old cat’s demise by ali nisar , who lives a street away . the 16-year-old saw the car coming ‘ at speed’ down the road with its blue lights flashing last sunday . mr hunt'sfamily have been devastated by what happened , saying a ' huge chunk ' of their lives is now missing . he said : ‘ the cat was in the middle of the road but the car went straight over it . they didn’t seem to brake , but i don’t know how they could not have seen it . ’ mr nisar added : ‘ two days later i saw tony’s poster and recognised the picture of the cat . i rang him to tell him that the police had killed his cat . i was gobsmacked that they hadn’t already informed him . ’ mr hunt said harry was microchipped and his body could have been returned to the family for cremation if the police had taken him to a vet or the rspca to be scanned . he added : ‘ if it hadn’t been for my neighbour witnessing what happened , we’d still be searching for him now . ’ a spokesman for derbyshire police said it was ‘ aware of the allegations’ , adding : ‘we’re in the process of trying to identify the officers who are allegedly involved to get their account of what happened . ’