the alleged racial profiling of suspects by police hit the headlines against last week following the fatal shooting of an unarmed , black father-of-four during a routine traffic stop in south carolina . but now , a young african-american man has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ' on the basis of their color ' , insisting that ' there are good cops out there ' . in the footage , which has gone viral on social media , will stack , a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman , recounts his own experience with a ' caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county . he explains how he was pulling out of lexington county courthouse on wednesday , to make a left turn , when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane , which was full . scroll down for video . ' just because you 're a cop does n't mean you 're bad ' : will stack , 22 , a u.s. army national guardsman , has released a video ( pictured ) disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects ' on the basis of their color ' . moments later , he was stopped by the cop for ' improper use of the median ' . ' he told me what i did , asked for my license and registration , i gave that to him , ' mr stack says in the selfie-style video . he continues : ' now , i will say that why he was here with me , i made sure my hands were on the steering wheel , i made sure to speak very politely as i always do . i did what he told me to do . ' i handed him the information and i sat here and waited and turned my music down . ' the officer left mr stack 's car for a few minutes , before walking back and returning the documents to him . he then explained the proper use of the median to mr stack , telling him it ' needs to be open for emergency vehicles ' . ' i was in the wrong , i did n't realize it . i did it out of habit , ' mr stack admits . after acknowledging the officer 's words , mr stack , a former psychology student at the university of south carolina , was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways . in the video , filmed minutes after the encounter and later posted on mr stack 's facebook page , where it has been viewed 1.7million times , mr stack goes on to explain why he is telling his story . traffic stop : in the footage , which has gone viral on social media , mr stack recounts his own experience with a ' caucasian officer ' in south carolina . he says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said . praise : over the past few days , thousands of facebook users have commented ( above ) on mr stack 's selfie-style video , with many praising him for his honesty amid a national scandal over alleged police brutality . mixed opinion : although many of the users ' comments were positive , others were negative ( as seen bottom ) . ' the point of this is to say that i am an african-american male , this gentleman was caucasian . there were no problems . he did his job , i did what i was supposed to do , and that was it , ' he says . ' i feel like people need to understand that not all officers are crooked , not all officers are racist , bad people , and not all people who get shot or tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims . ' just because you 're black does n't mean you 're a victim , just because you 're white does n't mean you 're a racist , just because you 're a cop does n't mean you 're a bad person . ' he adds : ' this world really needs to stop putting labels on people and things and see them as who they are : people doing things . ignorance has no color . god does n't see color . why should we ? ' mr stack captured the video just days after north charleston officer michael slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting water scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away . serviceman : ' i feel like people need to understand ... not all officers are racist , bad people , and not all people who get shot or tasered or arrested by officers are innocent victims , ' says mr stack ( pictured left and right ) . scene : mr stack was pulling out of lexington county courthouse ( above ) when he was pulled over by the cop . he told wis that although he had concerns over the use of force applied by officer slager , 33 , he was keeping an open mind about the shooting - and did not believe scott should have tried to flee . speaking to the station , mr stack , who recently completed a deployment with the national guard and is now job hunting , said : ' it 's possible for african americans and police officers to get along . ' and , not everybody shares the same mindset because nobody 's the same , everybody 's different . ' over the past few days , thousands of facebook users have commented on mr stack 's video , with many praising him for his honesty amid the national scandal over alleged police brutality . natashalynn hoag told him : ' amazingly said ! ! ! ! ! ! ! agreed 100 % you have a great head on your shoulders ! you were raised wonderfully , your family should be very proud of you ! ! ! ' and tina wisecup wills wrote : ' such wise words . thank you for taking the time to share them . ' shooting : mr stack captured the video with the knowledge of north charleston officer michael slager 's ( right ) arrest for murder after he allegedly shot water scott ( left ) , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away .