manchester united have begun the search for michael carrick 's long-term replacement , with ilkay gundogan a prime contender to fill the role . manager louis van gaal has been hugely impressed with carrick 's contribution at old trafford this season . the england international 's passing range and ability to dictate the pace of a match has been a key feature for united . michael carrick ( left ) has been instrumental in manchester united 's recent run of good form . united boss louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick 's contribution to the team . van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick .  michael carrick . age : 33 . height : 6ft 2in . manchester united appearances : 379 . england caps : 33 . honours : champions league ( 2008 ) , premier league ( 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2013 ) , league cup ( 2010 ) , club world cup ( 2008 ) . ilkay gundogan . age : 24 . height : 5ft 9in . borussia dortmund appearances : 86 . germany caps : 9 . honours : bundesliga ( 2012 ) , german cup ( 2012 ) , german supercup ( 2013 ) . but at the age of 33 , the dutchman knows the midfielder is in the twilight of his career , while the amount of time carrick has been injured this season is also a worry . united will seek to sign carrick 's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy . dortmund 's ball-playing midfielder gundogan has been watched extensively by united . van gaal has an intrinsic knowledge of the bundesliga and believes the 24-year-old has the ability to take over from carrick on a long-term basis . carrick , who recently signed a new 12-month extension , will continue to be part of van gaal 's plans next season - but the club are planning for life without him . the impending departure of manager jurgen klopp could see the excellent dortmund squad unravel this summer . gundogan ( right ) has been watched extensively by united , who could make a move in the summer . dortmund could listen to offers to avoid losing gundogan on a free transfer in 2016 . jurgen klopp 's impending departure from dortmund could see a host of players leave the club . gundogan 's existing contract expires at the end of next season and he is yet to sign a new deal . dortmund are keen to tie the germany international to an extension , but will listen to offers for him in the summer to avoid losing him for nothing in 2016 if he continues to stall on fresh terms .  