there are moments when falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of manchester united and it all comes flooding back . this could have been just the start . he made his name with porto , adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football . chelsea away is a tough one to come into ; thrown into the team to start at the barclays premier league leaders because louis van gaal was short of bodies . radamel falcao strikes for goal but his effort is thwarted by chelsea goalkeeper thibaut cortois . falcao competes for a high ball with chelsea centre back gary cahill at stamford bridge . the colombian forward confronts blues captain john terry after the pair got tangled on the ground . he has yet to score against the top level premier league teams , with his meagre return coming in games against everton , aston villa , stoke city and leicester city . there were a couple of notable chances here , with a left foot effort flying wide of thibaut courtois’ left hand post and another , ten minutes later , which bounced back off his upright . it is sad to say but the knee injury he suffered in the build up to last summer’s world cup , when he gamely tried to recover in time to play for colombia , has cost him that critical yard of pace . in his heart he must know that . the united forward was schooled here , denied space and room to breathe by the constant , intimidating presence of chelsea’s captain john terry . falcao lost almost every key battle at stamford bridge . when it all gets a bit narky out there , as it did in the movement leading up to chelsea’s opening goal , which was scored by eden hazard after 38 minutes , terry excels . falcao and marouane fellaini stand dejected on the half-way line following eden hazard 's first-half strike . for a man of his experience falcao should have been stronger , shielding the ball when he took a buffeting from terry on the halfway line . seconds later , chelsea had taken the lead . there was another skirmish before the break , a collision that ended with terry jabbing his finger in falcao’s face after they landed together in a crumpled heap . terry was on top of him , taking the responsibility for marking the united forward away from his central defensive partner gary cahill for large sections of this clash . this central defensive pairing , with their constant communication , pass strikers over for fun these days . falcao was no different . he looked like a man short of match fitness , the usual sharpness that is expected of a player in a game of this magnitude . this was a start , but falcao has been restricted to substitute appearances of late . falcao and terry tangle once more as the united striker struggles to impose himself on the game . he had just 19 touches in the first half , failing to take any of them in chelsea’s penalty area during a period when van gaal’s team were almost operating at full throttle . during sir alex ferguson’s era the club were blessed with great strikers , from andrew cole to ruud van nistelrooy to wayne rooney . all of them pulled on the united shirt in their prime . ferguson was here at stamford bridge , watching this new team take shape under their dutch coach - and he will know that they are crying out for a fully fit forward . falcao is indifferent , short of confidence ( and goals ) after a frustrating eight months since his move on loan from monaco for the season was confirmed . he is crying out for help , desperate to roll back the years after spending so much of the season out of the picture . sadly , for a man of his stature , he is trading on memories now .