a couple of months ago they were a struggling comedy sketch group trying to make ends meet . and now the three australian models whose video of themselves miming along to queen 's bohemian rhapsody went viral have travelled to the us to make appearances on chat shows . their original video , ' bohemian carsody ' and the follow-up , ' mime through time , ' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including youtube and facebook . scroll down for video . hitting the big time : shae-lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 were interview on the ellen show . lifelong dream : shackleford revealed that ' be on ellen ' was on her diary list of '100 things i want to do before i die ' . shae-lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , are quickly capitalising on their success , booking appearances on the ellen show and good morning america this week . the trio were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday , and revealed that the moment fulfilled a lifelong dream . shackleford told the daytime host that she wrote a list of '100 things to do before i die ' in her diary in 2011 . number five on the list was to ' be on ellen ' . live miming : the trio performed a live version of their latest video mime through time . quick change ! the girls had to quickly don wigs and costumes to pull off the sketch in real life . tv stars : the girls were pictured filming a segment for good morning america in times square on wednesday . hi mum ! shae , lana and madison have hit the big time , appearing to audiences of millions in the us . the comedy group to ellen that they had been struggling to make ends meet a year ago when they came up with the idea of filming themselves in their car miming to music . in march , their parody of bohemian rhapsody went viral , quickly racking up millions of hits on youtube and attracting the attention of queen guitarist brian may , who contacted the girls to say he was a fan . sketchshe were even credited by billboard magazine for causing a 261 per cent surge in streaming of the original track . their next video weeks later has surpassed the views of bohemian carsody . mime through time , which sees the girls change costumes in quick succession as they mime to hit songs from the 1940s through to today , currently has 21.66 million hits on youtube and 27.9 million on facebook alone . during their appearance on elle , shackleford , kington , and lloyd performed a shortened version of mime through time live . next up was in interview on good morning america - both shows attract international audiences in the millions , and are sure to raise sketchshe 's profile significantly . viral : the girls rose to fame for their youtube videos which see them miming to songs in their car . nude road trip : in their latest video , mime through time , they appear naked in one scene to parody mile cyrus ' wrecking ball . sensations : sketchshe 's videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media . earlier this month the comedy trio spoke to daily mail australia about their sudden rise to fame . ' we had no idea it would have such an incredible response , ' shackleford said . ' the fact that we 've had people writing to us from around the world ... i do n't think there 's been a country or continent that has n't reached out and written to us to say they loved it . ' she told dma that the reason she thinks they 've struck a chord with such a global fan base is that their song choice was so relatable , people love the song , it transcends the age and at some point in time everyone has had a ' rock out ' to it . mime through time : their second hit video also features them dresses in sixties clothing to mime to ' help ' by the beatles . britney baby : a ' baby one more time ' scene pokes fun at spears ' 2007 meltdown . elvis in the house : elvis 's ' hound dog ' sees them mimicking the king . the women met through a shared model agency , but say their aim is to break convention and go against how good-looking women are seen by being a bit ' crazy ' and - gasp - funny . ' unlike what might be synonymous with an attractive girl , we want to be crazy , let our hair down , and break the rules a bit , ' she said . ' but we still like to wear make-up and dress up - we just want be able to make fun of what we do while empowering women to be comfortable in their own skin . ' getting thrifty : fur coats and bling showcased in the mime of macklemore 's ' thrift shop ' . painting the town : face paint featured as key costume in gotye 's ' somebody that i used to know ' . going ghetto : gangster moves and flipped up hoods for dr.dre and snoop dogg 's ' the next episode ' . shackleford admits that one scene in mime through time ( which was filmed in the car of her dad 's back drive way ) was a risky one . the girls appear naked to parody miley cyrus ' wrecking ball . ' when i first told mum she said `` oooh , i do n't know '' but then when they saw it they cracked up and think it 's a great joke ... my mum was more shocked by the fact i looked so much like my brother in the slim shady scene ... which i 'm not sure is a good thing . ' the girls only use the bare essentials to produce the clip . ' the first time we had a bra in the car so we taped the iphone to it and propped it up that way , but this time we upgraded to a block of wood , but it 's still very dodgy , ' said shackleford .