a neighbourhood watch official has been handed a restraining order following a bitter row with his neighbours over a garden gate . married couple john and karen copleston claim paul phillips , 67 , ' constantly harassed ' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole , dorset . retired mr phillips , the treasurer of the local neighbourhood watch scheme , accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners . scroll down for video . married couple john and karen copleston said neighbour paul phillips , 67 , had constantly harassed them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole , dorset . when the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery that forced the coplestons to install cctv cameras to catch him in action . the covert footage caught mr phillips fiddling with the gate 's lock , waving and smiling at the camera and repeatedly setting off a motion sensor . but on friday the case against mr phillips was dismissed , although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him under the protection from harassment act by magistrates in bournemouth . the long-running dispute between the neighbours began three years ago and a year ago the row became centred on the gate at the end of a shared passage both houses back on to . karen and john copleston ( pictured ) outside their property - mr phillips ' home is on the far right . the gate in question : mr phillips accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on his land . the coplestons claim the gate has been at the end of the shared path since they bought the property in 1987 . after taking advice from police they moved the gate to halfway down the path where it provides access onto their property - but is also directly next to mr phillips garden gate . mr phillips , a former poole council employee , argued the gate should not be there at all as it is in the shared easement . he said the previous gate had been a hazard as it was rusty and did not allow enough room for his wife 's invalid buggy . caught : paul phillips , 67 , was captured on a covert camera as he repeatedly set off a motion sensor at night . banned : phillips was also seen smiling and waving at the camera as he embarked on a campaign of terror . row : the long-running dispute between the neighbours began three years ago and a year ago the row became centred on the gate at the end of a shared passage both houses back on to . the coplestons said he continued to complain and would stand outside the gate early in the morning and late at night . they said mr phillips even installed his own cctv cameras on his property which he would use to watch them on a monitor in his bedroom . mrs copleston , 49 , said : ' all i want to know is why ? ' why did he start this ? why did this happen to us ? i do n't understand why and that 's what 's very hard for me . ' mr copleston , 53 , added : ' it started off with something petty and it just got bigger and bigger . ' luckily , our little camera picked up enough that we could take this to court . ' i do n't use computers much myself , so it was always karen by herself when she saw the footage of him at the gate . ' it 's been frightening and very stressful for her and it 's had a real effect on her health . ' prosecutor timothy sullivan said : ' the proceedings arose out of a long-running acrimonious dispute between neighbours . ' the prosecution says relations broke down as a result of the defendant 's anti-social behaviour . ' the victim said she felt like a prisoner in her own home . ' the coplestons pictured with their gate - mr phillips ' gate and garden are on the left . pathway : mr phillips argued the gate ( pictured ) should not be there at all as it is in the shared easement . speaking after the case , mr phillips said : ' myself and my wife are now in the process of selling our home because of this dispute . ' it has been horrific for us . i 'm delighted at this result - i could n't stand another day worrying , ' what 's going to happen next ? ' i have been a law abiding citizen all my life and have no criminal convictions and have not been in any trouble with the police until this stupid charge was brought up . ' my wife enid and i have already moved out of our home and into sheltered accommodation to escape the aggression we encountered regularly . ' neighbours : this aerial view shows the neighbouring houses in dispute at nightjar close in poole , dorset . 