new lease of life : karen bane with her daughter jessica after undergoing the alternative procedure . it is a painful and embarrassing condition that affects millions of british women . pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak , typically after childbirth . complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling , discomfort during sex or stress incontinence . although up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help , and many who do are offered just one solution : a hysterectomy . while surgical removal of the reproductive organs solves the immediate problem , it also ends fertility , and with three months of recovery needed , it is no quick fix . now , a leading gynaecologist has claimed thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly . he is one of a growing number of surgeons who claim not enough women are offered the alternative : a half-hour keyhole procedure that uses an implanted mesh ‘sling’ made from nylon to lift and hold the womb back in place , providing a permanent solution to a prolapse and preserving fertility . the procedure , called a sacrohysteropexy , is rare , with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years . by contrast , there were 145,310 admissions to hospitals in england in the past three years for hysterectomies due to conditions such as fibroids , pelvic pain or cancer , according to the health and social care information centre . surgeon jonathan broome , who has performed more than 1,000 sacrohysteropexies in the past 15 years , has called for the option to be made more widely available on the nhs so women of child-bearing age are not forced to choose between quality of life or the chance to have children . ‘ most women requiring surgery for a prolapse will be referred for a hysterectomy by their gp , ’ says mr broome , who performs the £4,000 procedure for both nhs and private patients at hospitals in lancashire and greater manchester . ‘ that means some women are faced with the dilemma of living a normal life without a prolapse , or the possibility of having children . ' far too many gps recommend hysterectomies as the solution to a prolapse , when a sacrohysteropexy is a much better alternative . it’s a shorter operation , with shorter recovery time because it is less invasive , and fertility is not put at risk . ’ pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak , typically after childbirth ( file image ) . common causes of prolapse include childbirth , lower levels of oestrogen at menopause , being overweight and chronic illnesses such as lung diseases , which create pressure inside the abdomen from coughing . half of women over 50 will have symptoms of pelvic organ prolapse and more than one in ten will have had surgery for the problem by the age of 80 . concerns have been raised about the use of mesh implants in gynaecological procedures , with some women in scotland and the us complaining of problems including bleeding and infections . but consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist clive spence-jones says the risk of complications where mesh is inserted abdominally is very small . medical watchdog the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency has received two reports of adverse incidents relating to a sacrohysteropexy since 2011 . ●a sacrohysteropexy is keyhole surgery performed under general anaesthetic to put the womb back into its normal position . ●tiny cuts are made in the stomach through which a telescope and instruments are passed . ●a piece of mesh is inserted via an incision along the bikini line . using tiny needles , one end of the mesh is attached to the back of the cervix and the other to the coccyx , and it is fixed with metal staples . the mesh is also covered with a thin layer of tissue to prevent scar tissue forming , encouraging the tissue to grow and make the repair stronger . ●it can stay in place indefinitely and does not require a repeat operation . ●the procedure takes half an hour and involves an overnight stay in hospital . mr spence-jones agrees that too many women are given the wrong advice on what surgery is right for them . ‘ there seems to be a notion in general practice that taking everything – in other words , a hysterectomy – is the answer to a prolapse , when that isn’t the case , ’ he says . ‘ sparing the fertility is a reason for considering procedures other than a hysterectomy , but not the only one . ’ one woman who says her life has been transformed by a sacrohysteropexy is 44-year-old mother- of-two karen bane , from lancashire . she suffered feelings of bloatedness following the birth of her daughters gabrielle , seven , and jessica , five . ‘ i felt sluggish – i had back pain , sitting was uncomfortable and intercourse was painful . i’d also started to have leakage . it was mortifying being a woman in my early 40s and not being able to control my bladder . ‘ i put up with the symptoms for five years , but when i started to have bleeding , i knew enough was enough . i was a mother of two young children , yet all i could see were years of misery in front of me . ’ karen went to her gp with her symptoms in may 2014 and was referred to mr broome . he performed the procedure at euxton hall hospital in chorley , lancashire , last october . karen says the procedure has given her a new lease of life . ‘ i can run , skip and hula-hoop with my daughters without giving it a second thought , ’ she explains . ‘ i feel so much more feminine since my operation – my only battle scars are tiny nicks on my stomach . and because i had a sacrohysteropexy rather than a hysterectomy , everything is still there . it’s not something we are planning to do as we feel our family is complete , but the chance to have another child has not been taken away from me . ’ why should i take ... creatine . creatine is a compound found in muscle tissue that increases the body’s ability to produce energy , and is often used by athletes to boost performance during high-intensity exercise . but there is evidence that taking 5g of creatine daily can deliver a short-term boost to brain power . an australian study involving 45 volunteers found that those who took creatine for six weeks performed better in iq and memory tests than those who were given a placebo . fish and red meat are good natural sources . ask a stupid question ... beauty & go bioactive beauty drinks . you don’t just rub on moisturiser these days – you can drink it too . these fruity drinks deliver collagen proteins , hyaluronic acid and antioxidants in four ‘flavours’ : vitality , detox , anti-ageing and radiance . 250ml , £2.99 , selfridges.com . can you smell when it 's going to rain ? professor barry smith , founder of the centre for the study of the senses at the university of london , says : ‘ yes you can . air pressure falls and humidity increases when it is about to rain , and our noses act like a barometer , picking up these subtle changes in the air . ‘ humidity makes smells more intense . the smell gets stronger still when rain starts to fall , as droplets of water will pick up molecules from the surface they hit – such as grass or dirt – and carry them into the air . ’  