the mail on sunday has set a remarkable new record – after being voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in succession . a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper . judges gave the award to the mail on sunday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent on sunday , saying such a rare feat was ‘ fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well as journalistic success’ . they also praised our all-round quality that , week after week , sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives . the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row . ben ellery 's report which revealed the truth about ed miliband 's feminist t-shirts earned a scoop of the year nomination . our most spectacular front page revealed how feminist t-shirts worn by ed miliband and harriet harman were made in mauritius by migrant women workers on 62p an hour… a report which also earned a nomination for scoop of the year for reporter ben ellery . other brilliant stories last year included the investigation that caused fiona woolf to quit as chairman of the historic child abuse inquiry ; how police spied on our journalists’ phone records to compromise sources ; comic michael mcintyre’s secret family tragedy ; the elisabeth murdoch/matthew freud divorce ; and the first interview with commons deputy speaker nigel evans after he was cleared of gay rape . but that’s not all : our formula for success includes two superb magazines , a fabulous pullout sport supplement ; the biggest puzzles section of any newspaper ; and top columnists including liz jones , piers morgan , peter hitchens , rachel johnson and chris evans . literary critic craig brown , winner of countless awards in the past , was nominated this time as arts reviewer of the year . literary critic craig brown , left , was nominated this time as arts reviewer of the year and reporter ben ellery , right , earned a scoop of the year nomination . the awards were presented at a lunch at london’s stationers’ hall , where mi5 director-general andrew parker gave a keynote speech . the daily mail was nominated in the daily newspaper category . the mail on sunday’s commercial success saw sales outperform the rest of the sunday market , with our market share reaching a new record of 21.9 per cent . the mail on sunday is poised to become the biggest-selling sunday paper – amazing for a mid-market paper – and last month was just 31,000 copies behind the red-top sun . all in all , a triple success on sunday . 