a group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of democratic contender hillary clinton for president . the group , calling themselves hookers for hillary , all work at dennis hof 's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city . the legal brothel , which was the subject of hbo 's cathouse series , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement . scroll down for video . a group of nevada sex workers , hookers for hillary , have come out in favor of the democratic contender for president . according to their website , they’re supporting the former secretary of state because of her work on health care reform , foreign relation experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues . ' hillary clinton , as part of her husband 's administration , envisioned health care reform in the 1990 's , long before president obama was able to sign it into law , ' they write . ' the affordable health care act made health insurance available for the first time ever to the 500 independent contractors employed by dennis hof . with any republican nominee likely to work for its ' repeal , the bunnies want to protect the quality health coverage that they now enjoy . ' ' as secretary of state , hillary clinton gained invaluable experience negotiating with foreign leaders , and the bunnies can definitely relate to negotiating through a language barrier , ' they state . the group cite clinton 's work on health care reform , foreign experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her . the hookers all work at dennis hof 's moonlite bunny ranch , a legal brothel in carson city . ' the bunny ranch entertains customers from all around the globe , and the girls have great respect for any woman who can take powerful men from oppressive cultures and make them bend to her will . ' ' bill clinton presided over the most prosperous time in bunny ranch history , which coincided with a tax increase on the wealthiest americans such as brothel owner dennis hof , ' the bunny ranch writes . ' the bunnies recognize that thriving economies are built from the bottom up , where the vast majority of their clients originate . ' a return to relying on the disproven theory of trickle-down economics would only serve to exclude the vast majority of hard-working bunny ranch clients from having the discretionary income to enjoy with their favorite bunny . ' citing nevada 's mandatory testing of legal prostitutes for sexually transmitted diseases , the bunny ranch also applauded mrs. clinton for recognizing ' the fact that responsible government oversight is a key to protecting the public 's health from widespread disease . '