manchester united striker james wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate wayne rooney and add it to his own game , it would be the england captain 's ability to take free-kicks . the 19-year-old , speaking during an interview in may 's issue of inside united , added that he would want robin van persie 's movement and radamel falcao 's instincts . the united starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards , who have scored more than 450 professional goals between them . james wilson would take wayne rooney 's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . wilson says england captain rooney practices his free kicks every day , and often hits the target . wilson has scored one premier league goal this season , against queens park rangers . and it is rooney 's ability to strike a dead ball that wilson most appreciates about his captain . ' i would take wayne 's free-kicks because he practices them every day and more often than not they go on target at least , if not in the top corner , ' wilson said . of van persie , who wilson played alongside for the under 21s on monday night , the youngster praised his ability to create space to receive the ball . ' i would take robin 's movement because he has done it for many years now , using opposite movements to get on the ball . ' wilson ( left ) played alongside robin van persie in monday 's under 21 game against leicester . united starlet wilson ( left ) said he would take holland international van persie 's movement . wilson praised radamel falcao 's predatory instincts insisting he is always in the right place . as for falcao , wilson would like to harness the colombia international 's predatory instincts in the 18-yard box . ' i would have to take radamel 's instincts because anything in the box drops to him – he is always in the right place . ' wilson , who has represented england at under 20 level , has made 16 appearances for louis van gaal 's side this season , netting twice .