nicola sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years – despite having earlier claimed 2014’s referendum was a ‘ once in a generation’ event . two years ago , miss sturgeon said of the independence vote : ‘ we have always said it’s a once in a generation thing . ’ but last night , in an election debate on scottish tv , she said she respected last year’s result , and said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may . scroll down for video . support : asked by mr murphy ( left ) where she ' wanted ' mr miliband to be prime minister , ms sturgeon ( right ) said : ' i 'm offering to help make ed miliband prime minister . i do n't want to see the tories in downing street ' . power : the result of the election this may is set to put ms sturgeon in a powerful position at westminster , with the chance of choosing which party can form a government . above , the snp leader at tonight 's debate . she said she would not rule out such a call in the manifesto for the 2016 scottish parliament election , saying : ‘that’s another matter . ’ the admission sparked howls of derision from the audience . the scottish first minister was accused of holding britain to ‘ransom’ after she said she was ‘ offering to make ed miliband prime minister’ . she said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with mr miliband so she can influence the policies of a labour government and keep it ‘honest’ . reacting to miss sturgeon’s offer to prop up mr miliband , labour’s leader in scotland , jim murphy , said : ‘ nicola , we don’t need your help . reacting to miss sturgeon’s offer to prop up mr miliband , labour’s leader in scotland , jim murphy , said : ‘ nicola , we don’t need your help . ‘ what we need is people north and south of the border , people in scotland , people in england and people in across wales coming together to kick out an out of touch government . ’ he pleaded with the audience to claim that labour can only beat the conservatives if people vote for mr miliband in scotland . ‘ only labour is big enough , only labour is strong enough to beat the tories and their austerity , ’ he said . debate : from left to right , scottish labour leader jim murphy , scottish conservative leader ruth davidson , first minister and snp leader nicola sturgeon and scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie . plan : speaking in the debate for stv , ms sturgeon ( right ) said wanted scots to vote snp rather than labour because ' we can make sure labour keeps its promises ' . left , scottish labour leader jim murphy . grant shapps , conservative party chairman said : ‘ tonight nicola sturgeon has promised that she’d prop up a minority labour government – and hold great britain to ransom , vote by vote , policy by policy . ‘ and that means more debt , higher taxes and the end of trident – wreaking havoc on our economy and putting the security of british people and their families at risk . ‘ weak ed miliband doesn’t stand a chance . he’s in the pocket of alex salmond and nicola sturgeon : and you’ll pay the price . ’ the snp is way ahead in the polls north of the border , and labour is expected to lose dozens of seats in may’s election . the result is set to put miss sturgeon in a powerful position at westminster , with the chance of choosing which party can form a government . she said she would never prop up a david cameron government , but would help mr miliband get into downing street . but she said the polls showed that labour could not beat the tories on their own . speaking in the debate for stv , miss sturgeon said wanted scots to vote snp rather than labour because ‘ if there’s a strong block of snp mps , we can make sure labour keeps its promises . ‘ tony blair was elected on a wave of hope and optimism , but his labour government began the process of nhs privatisation . ‘ i don’t want to see a labour government simply implement tory policies . heading for success : the snp is ahead in the polls north of the border , and labour is expected to lose dozens of seats in the election . above , ms sturgeon , second from right , during the debate tonight . ‘ we need to send a strong team to make sure labour get it ; so we can keep labour honest . ’ she said : ‘ we will work with labour to keep david cameron out of downing street . labour is not offering an alternative to tory austerity . ‘ i stood on a platform last week in the uk leaders debate with ed miliband and i heard miliband say if labour is elected and left to their own devices there will be further spending reductions . ‘ i don’t want to see further spending reductions , i don’t think the country can afford them . that’s why we’re proposing modest spending increases and with snp influence we can force labour down that path . ' the scottish first minister has already said offered to work with labour to keep the tories out of power if this is possible in a hung parliament . ‘i’ve said to ed miliband and i’ll say to jim murphy this evening , that if there is an anti-tory majority in the house of commons after the election , even if the tories are the biggest party we will work with labour to keep david cameron out of downing street . ’ asked by mr murphy where she ‘wanted’ mr miliband to be prime minister , she said : ‘i’ don’t want david cameron to be prime minister ; i’m offering to help make ed miliband prime minister . ’ mr murphy replied : ‘ nicola , we don’t need your help . ‘ what we need is people north and south of the border , people in scotland , people in england and people in across wales coming together to kick out an out of touch government . ’ he claimed he believe labour would win , saying : ‘ even when my football team plays barcelona , i don’t expect us to lose . ‘ david cameron ain’t no lionel messi – he can be beaten . ‘ any seat that labour loses in scotland reduces the chances of ed miliband becoming prime minister . ’ scottish tory leader ruth davidson said the snp’s position – urging scots to vote against labour and also promising to prop up a labour government – was illogical . ‘ vote for what you want , ’ she said . audience members attending live political events occasionally catch the eye of the public . and last night was no different as a man wearing a fake moustache during the scottish leaders’ debate caused twitter to erupt . the man was filmed wearing a thick fake black moustache and large fedora hat as the four main political parties took part in a televised tv debate . many social media users posted pictures of the blond-haired man on twitter and questioned the authenticity of his facial hair . others started a campaign to find the unnamed man and used the hashtag # moustacheman . the identity of the joker was later revealed as a man named as danny mcafee , the father of jack mcafee , who tweeted a picture of him without the disguise . a photo also emerged of the man posing with nicola sturgeon after the debate . moustache man : the man , dressed in fake facial hair and a fedora , was spotted in the debate audience . social media frenzy : one twitter user re-imagined the debate with an audience full of moustache wearers . rumbled : the joker 's identity was later revealed as the father of jack mcafee , named as danny mcafee . time for a picture : after the debate , he was seen posing with snp leader nicola sturgeon , pictured above .