a giant supervoid 1.8 billion light-years across may be responsible for a mysterious ‘ cold spot’ in the universe . the theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area . if confirmed , the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity . hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation ( cmb ) of the universe , shown bottom right . in 2004 astronomers first found the ' cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation . the research , published in monthly notices of the royal astronomical society , was carried out by the institute for astronomy at the university of hawaii at manoa . the cold spot was first discovered by astronomers in 2004 when they were examining a map of the radiation left over from the big bang - the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) - made using esa 's planck telescope . in the map , the universe is fairly evenly distributed , apart from in this one area . the huge unexpected region contains about 20 per cent less matter than other regions of the universe and about 10,000 less galaxies . while other sparse regions have been discovered , nothing on this scale has been found before . ‘ statistically , we are very confident that the supervoid is there , ’ dr andrás kovács , who was involved in the study , told mailonline . he said that the supervoid appears to be ‘ roughly spherical’ , and it may even contain a ‘ significant substructure’ at its centre ; a void within a void . a supervoid is not empty , but rather a region of space that has less matter than other parts of the universe . for this reason it can ‘sap’ the energy of light that is passing through it . to explain how that works , imagine the void to be a hill . as light enters the void and travels towards its middle , it can be said to be climbing the hill , using up energy . once it passes the centre , it would begin ‘descending’ the hill and regain the energy it expended to get there . but as the universe is expanding , by the time the light gets to the centre , its route out has become ‘shallower’ - or less dense . this means it can not regain as much energy as it lost initially and leaves the void with less energy , therefore a longer wavelength , which corresponds to a colder temperature . the different is marginal - typically about 70 nano-kelvins - but it is enough to stand out when the entire cosmic microwave background radiation ( cmb ) of the universe is measured . the supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense ' region of the universe ( illustration of empty space shown ) . at 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found . but some ' exotic physics ' is also needed to explain what 's happening . the huge unexpected cold spot region , shown , contains about 20 per cent less matter than other regions of the universe , and about 10,000 less galaxies . while other sparse regions have been discovered , nothing on this scale has been found before . the original theory was that the cold spot originated from the big bang , and was a rare sign of ' exotic physics ' that our current models of the universe could not explain . this new theory , however , suggests otherwise . previous attempts to find a void at the distance of the cold spot were unsuccessful , but this latest study suggests it is actually a foreground object , three billion light-years from earth . according to lead researcher dr istvan szapudi , the object - if confirmed - would be ‘ the largest individual structure ever identified by humanity . ’ the team gathered data using hawaii’s pan-starrs1 ( ps1 ) telescope on haleakala , maui , and nasa’s wide field survey explorer ( wise ) satellite . the findings by the researchers were made using nasa’s orbiting wide-field infrared survey explorer ( wise ) telescope ( artist 's illustration shown ) , which was launched on 14 december 2009 , and hawaii’s pan-starrs1 ( ps1 ) telescope on haleakala , maui . however , the supervoid can only account for about half of the entire cold spot , suggesting there might still be some exotic physics at play . the researchers note , though , that it is ‘ very unlikely’ that the supervoid and the cold spot being in the same location are a coincidence . they are continuing to study the void with improved data from ps1 , and from the dark energy survey being conducted with the cerro tololo inter-american observatory in chile .