juventus coach massimiliano allegri is expecting a ' boring ' match against as monaco in the champions league on tuesday , believing that both sides will adopt a cautious approach . ' our target is to get through this round and reach the semi-finals , and if we qualify 1-0 or 1-1 ( on aggregate ) , that 's all the same to me , ' said allegri , whose side are at home in the quarter-final first leg on tuesday . ' it could be a boring game , the important thing is not to concede a goal at home . ' juventus manager massimiliano allegri strolls in to his pre-match press conference on monday . the juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces in sunny turin . allegri warned that monaco , who have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals , would be a completely different proposition to borussia dortmund , who juventus beat 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16 . ' the tie against monaco is much more complicated than the one against dortmund , ' he said . ' they are two very different teams , the french side concede few goals and it 's always more complicated to play against a team that does n't go forward very often . veteran midfielder andrea pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury . claudio marchisio looks focused as he engages in a training drill on monday . arturo vidal ( left ) and fernando llorente will both be hoping to start in the champions league quarter-final . ' it 's tempting to go forward ourselves and there is the risk of leaving spaces for them . we need patience , humility and intelligence , and to realise that we are not going to settle qualification in turin . ' i think they ( monaco ) have richly deserved to get to the quarter finals , ' added allegri . ' they conceded one goal in six games during the group stage , eliminating benfica and zenit st petersburg . in ligue 1 , they have the best defence with 22 goals conceded ( in 32 games ) . these figures do not come by chance . ' experienced defender giorgio chiellini smiles as he talks to the media on monday afternoon . allegri said that playmaker andrea pirlo had been included in the squad after recovering from a calf muscle injury , and he now had to decide whether the 35-year-old could be plunged into the tie after a seven-week lay-off . ' pirlo has n't played for more than 40 days , i 'll decide after the last training session , ' he said .