greg dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa’s failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia . the football association chairman admits his organisation’s response to former west bromwich albion striker jeff astle’s death aged 59 in 2002 , from ‘ industrial disease’ linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football , was ‘ woefully inadequate’ . the fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found astle’s brain ‘ resembled that of a boxer’s’ but a mail on sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out . jeff astle 's family were at the hawthorns for ' astle day ' as baggies fans paid to tribute to the former striker . jeff astle 's wife brings out the match ball ahead of the league clash between west brom and leicester . west brom paid tribute to astle on ' astle day ' , the former baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due . baggies striker saido berahino wore astle 's no 9 shirt during the premier league match at the hawthorns . dyke went to the hawthorns on saturday for the launch of the jeff astle foundation , which aims to raise awareness of head injuries in football while funding future research , and he apologised for the fa’s failure to acknowledge the significance of astle’s death . ‘ we promised the astle family we would do some research and we didn’t and that is a failure by the fa and yes , we are now going to do it , ’ dyke told the mail on sunday . ‘it’s going to be done . there will be a piece of work about head injuries and football . we want to get fifa involved as well because if we draw some profound conclusions we’ll need to get everyone involved . ‘we’ll help fund the research and we’ll put together a working group and we’ll help fund it too . you need to separate the emotion and do the research and ask , “ what do we understand ? ” the suggestion of the astle family is that head injuries are more likely to lead to early on-set dementia and that is to do with heading the ball or physical contact . that’s what we need to investigate and understand . ‘let’s see what the research finds and get fifa involved too because this isn’t going to be a british-only phenomenon , it’s going to be a worldwide phenomenon . it won’t disappear , that is for certain . that was a bad mistake by the fa ( to not carry out research ) . ’ west bromwich albion became only the second team in premier league history to be granted permission to wear a replica strip on saturday , with their shirts resembling those worn by the 1968 fa cup-winning side in which astle scored in every round including the final . astle represented the baggies for 10 years between 1964 and 1974 during his professional career . west brom players take to the pitch in a astle commemorative kit ahead of their showdown with leicester . a close up view of the jeff astle gates ahead of the barclays premier league match at west brom . their match against leicester city was attended by his wife laraine and daughters dawn and claire , who set up the justice for jeff campaign last season after being alerted to the fa and pfa’s failure to deliver promised research by the mail on sunday . ‘ my jeff died not knowing he had ever been a professional footballer , ’ laraine said . ‘ we were promised research into the issue and it wasn’t until we were alerted by the mail on sunday that it hadn’t been carried out that we knew any different . none of this would have happened if it hadn’t been for the mail on sunday . ’ west brom’s fans held up placards nine minutes into saturday 's game proclaiming ‘ astle is king’ in remembrance of a man whose death could yet prove the catalyst to drastic improvements to concussion protocols in sport . ‘ this is just too important to let go , ’ dawn said . ‘ we have been inundated with calls from concerned families who believe their dads or husbands are suffering dementia prematurely because of the head injuries they suffered as professional footballers . ‘ there are too many cases for it to be coincidence . sport’s governing bodies have paid lip service to this for far too long and have been allowed to get away with it . that has to stop . the mail on sunday revealed the football association did not carry out adequate research into astle 's death . west brom fans display an ' astle ' banner during the ninth minute to represent the shirt number he wore at the hawthorns . greg dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa’s failure to deliver potentially life-saving research . ‘ my dad loved the game but ultimately it killed him . everybody who plays the game needs to know that it comes with a risk . players need to leave the field if they suffer a head injury . ‘we’ve been encouraged by the fa and pfa’s response in recent months but it’s taken them too long to address this . ’ sections of astle’s brain were re-examined at glasgow southern general hospital last year by professor willie stewart , who confirmed the striker had been suffering from the neurodegenerative disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( cte ) , which was previously believed only to be found in boxers . but studies in the united states have revealed a far higher incidence of cte in american footballers than the wider population , while sports including rugby , horse racing , boxing and ice hockey are also now on high alert following a massive lawsuit involving the nfl and retired players suffering dementia . prof stewart called saturday 's launch of the jeff astle foundation ‘ a landmark day’ . he went on : ‘ though jeff was the first former footballer recognised with cte , sadly he will not be the last . and the foundation will provide a source of information and support for people within sport affected by dementia , and their families . it has taken 13 years to get this far in football . we can not allow another 13 years to slip by without action . ’ saturday’s match was attended by a host of celebrity backers , including 1966 world cup-winning goalkeeper gordon banks , as well as concussion campaigners like peter robinson , whose 14-year-old rugby-playing son ben died in 2011 after being allowed to play on after suffering repeated blows to the head . ‘ if one person present at the game had recognised the signs of concussion or understood how dangerous it could be then my ben would still be alive , ’ peter robinson said . ‘ there has been too much lip service paid to the issue in the past . it’s time to act . ’ 