football equality campaigners kick it out have warned hartlepool supporters over a bob marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for their league two trip to carlisle on the final day of the season . officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some hartlepool fans and urged carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to ' black up ' for the occasion . jamaican reggae artist marley was a multi-million-selling artist , famed for his music and as a rastafarian for his dreadlocked look , who died of cancer aged 36 in 1981 . hartlepool united fans have a history of fancy dress , travelling as the smurfs to charlton in 2012 . hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the final game of this season at carlisle . a statement from kick it out read : ' we have received a number of complaints from hartlepool united supporters about the bob marley fancy dress theme planned by a group of the club 's fans for their fixture against carlisle united at brunton park on saturday 2 may . ' the main concerns raised have been over the potential of fans deciding to ' black up ' . ' we have subsequently followed up on the complaints by contacting both hartlepool united and carlisle united on the matter . ' we clearly outlined that ' blacking up ' has historically been a way of acting out racist stereotypes , and while the theme planned by fans may be well intended and chosen as part of an annual fancy dress tradition , such behaviour , if it occurs , is likely to cause offence . ' we have provided guidance to both clubs on the matter , and advised carlisle united of our own stance that if any fans do choose to ' black up ' they should be refused entry to their stadium . kick it out have urged carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to black up for the fixture . ' we have also contacted the football association , the football league , and the united kingdom football policing unit to inform them of the complaints we have received from hartlepool united supporters . ' if we do receive complaints informing us that supporters have ' blacked up ' at the fixture between carlisle united and hartlepool united , or that any incidents or disturbances of a discriminatory nature have occurred , we will follow our usual procedures by making the football association and the football league aware for them to investigate . ' neither carlisle nor hartlepool were immediately available for comment but carlisle boss keith curle told the local news & star at a press conference this week : ' i 've been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up as bob marley . i have n't been offended . ' 