as the final episodes of poldark approach , men across the nation have longed for respite from the hysteria over heartthrob aidan turner . but the bad news – for them , at least – is that any well-earned break won’t last for long . tv chiefs yesterday announced the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade . scroll down for video . fans , rejoice ! aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of bbc period drama poldark . bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner’s broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest – and now wife – demelza . ‘ i can exclusively announce that sunday night’s new phenomenon poldark that has captured the nation’s hearts has been commissioned for a second series , ’ mrs moore said , adding that the series had helped bbc1 to an ‘ outstanding start’ this year . about 8.1million people on average have watched each episode , helping the flagship bbc channel attract more than a quarter of television viewers in evenings , when the battle for attention is most competitive . the series , based on winston graham’s novels , follows ross poldark after he returns from the american war of independence only to find that his father has died and his former fiancée , elizabeth , has married another man . there are 12 poldark books in total , seven of which are set in the 18th century . the other five then follow poldark’s children through the 19th century . the first series of poldark , written by debbie horsfield , covers the first of mr graham’s two novels , named after ross poldark and demelza . successful role : aidan has won legions of dedicated fans since stripping off as the swoon-worthy captain ross poldark in the revival of the 1970s tv show . the second series will move on to the third and fourth books , named after their child , jeremy , and scheming banker george warleggan . women up and down the country watched on tenterhooks as poldark’s affections shifted to his kitchen maid demelza . but it is the scenes featuring turner in a state of undress which sent them into the biggest frenzy . many have taken to twitter to express their approval whenever he appears without his shirt – working with a scythe in the fields or swimming naked in the sea . ‘ if poldark gets any hotter we’ll have to call the fire brigade , ’ one viewer commented . the current show , with the sixth episode of eight this weekend , has not reached the popularity of the 1970s adaptation , which brought in 15million viewers . hard worker : the 31-year-old actor recently admitted that working on his honed physique came as a challenge to him , so he 'll have to get back to the gym ahead of the second series . popular : poldark has garnered audiences of around 8m every sunday night .  