former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 benghazi terror attacks on tuesday night , and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping . the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip . daily mail online was on the flight . ' mrs . clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal . ' did you make mistakes ? ' the usually garrulous and broad-smiling clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts , and said nothing . scroll down for video . no comment : hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly tuesday , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012 . deadly : the september 11 , 2012 benghazi terror attacks killed four americans including the us ambassador to libya . wrong : both president barack obama and then-secretary of state clinton incorrectly blamed the benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a youtube video mocking islam 's prophet muhammad . the two are shown at a ceremony held to receive the remains of the four americans who were killed at the scene . moments earlier , she answered a question about why her taxpayer-funded security detail had sped at 80 mph past exits for the smaller manchester , new hampshire airport , and trekked all the way to boston for a flight with first class seats . ' you know , i do n't make the travel arrangements . i do n't , ' clinton said . the islamist terror group ansar al-shariah 's military-style benghazi attacks will likely be a thorn in clinton 's side throughout the 2016 presidential campaign season . the group laid waste to a state department facility while she was america 's top diplomat . a special congressional committee chaired by south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy , a former criminal prosecutor , has a mandate to investigate the episode through january 2017 , making it unlikely that clinton will be able to put the issue behind her . trouble ahead : new hampshire resident brian blackden included ' benghazi blood ' tuesday on a sign listing reasons ' hillary is a liar , ' near the site of a clinton appearance at the new hampshire technical institute . on sunday during a series of 50 brief interviews with dartmouth college students in hanover , new hampshire , 22 of them made references to bengahzi when asked about clinton 's chances of becoming president . many of them , like freshman cameron poole , were n't old enough to drive when it happened . ' i think there was blood on her hands , ' poole told daily mail online . he said he believes clinton 's performance before , during and after should disqualify her from holding higher office . ' i definitely do , ' he said . ' it shows how she acts under pressure . ' not forgotten : u.s. ambassader the libya chris stevens was the first to die in benghazi , and was seen by libyans as a moderate – angering anti-american hardliners from radical islamist groups . casualties : us foreign service information management officer sean smith ( left ) , us navy seal glen doherty ( center ) and us nacy seal tyrone woods ( right ) perished in the ansar al-shariah attacks in benghazi . four americans lost their lives in the september 11 , 2012 terror attacks , including u.s . ambassador to libya christopher stevens , the first american ambassador killed while on duty since 1979 . u.s. foreign service information management officer sean smith also perished in the initial barrage of mortars and automatic weapons fire . hours later , a second wave of attacks hit a cia annex compound nearby , killing cia contract soldiers tyrone woods and glen doherty , both u.s. navy seals . the four men came home in flag-draped caskets . congressional republicans want answers about clinton 's involvement in what they see as a potential cover-up of facts surrounding how the attacks unfolded and why – and how the obama administration explained it afterward , just weeks before an election . part of the swirling controversy involves a home-brew email server that clinton exclusively used for her official electronic communications while she was secretary of state . clinton never used an official 'state-dot-gov ' email address , but told reporters on march 10 that she had given the state department copes of ' official ' emails – and acknowledged deciding herself which ones qualified . she deleted the rest , some 32,000 messages in all . clinton 's attorney has refused to hand over the server to congressional investigators . gowdy , the benghazi committee chairman , wants a neutral third-party to examine it and determine if benghazi-related emails can be recovered . his committee said wednesday that its report on the benghazi attacks wo n't likely be finished until 2016 , putting its release squarely in the middle of the presidential campaign 's most hotly contested months . but the committee said in a statement that ' secretary clinton’s decision to seek the presidency of the united states does not and will not impact the work of the committee . ' clinton 's state department infamously declined to provide her benghazi outpost with the beefed-up security presence its station chief requested in the weeks preceding the deadly ansar al-shariah attacks . she claimed later that she never saw the requests , insisting that such routine diplomatic cables would never have made it to her desk , even if they were addressed to her . first class : hillary ( seated at the front , right ) traveled in luxury from boston to washington , seated next to chief of staff huma abedin , after am 80 mph secret service dash to logan international airport . farewell : hillary clinton waved at the end of her final campaign stop in new hampshire on tuesday , before hitting the road to boston for the same washington-bound flight that daily mail online flew on . in the days following the attacks , clinton said publicly that it was the result of a spontaneous protest over a youtube video made by an american – a film that insulted the islamic prophet muhammad . such protests were seen in other muslim countries , but u.s. intelligence determined in real-time that the benghazi attacks were well-organized and easily traced back to an islamist terror network . months later , following a concussion that delayed her congressional testimony about benghazi , she testified in a u.s. senate foreign relations committee hearing . just days earlier , lawmakers disclosed that a top u.s. diplomat told them ' everyone ' at the american diplomatic outpost in benghazi knew ' from the beginning ' that they were in the middle of a terrorist attack . ' the fact is we had four dead americans , ' clinton told the senators . ' was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they’d they go kill some americans ? ' ' what difference at this point does it make ? ' 