director of the british museum neil macgregor has announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year . mr macgregor , 68 , who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave . he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his radio 4 series a history of the world in 100 objects which was inspired by the museum 's collection . neil macgregor , 68 , pictured at the british museum , which he has lead since 2002 , said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years . mr macgregor said last night : ' working with this collection and , above all , with the colleagues here has been the greatest privilege of my professional life . ' but i 've decided that now is the time to retire from full-time employment and the end of this year seems a good time to go . ' the new building has been completed , so we at last have proper exhibition space , new conservation and scientific facilities , and first-class accommodation for our growing research activities . ' we have built strong partnerships with fellow museums across the uk , and are rapidly expanding our programme of loans and training around the world . ' the museum is now ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world . the museum in great russell street is ' now ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world ' , according to its outgoing head . neil macgregor 's a history of the world in 100 objects book and radio 4 series were wildly popular and were inspired by the collection at the british museum . ' it is an exhilarating prospect , and it will start with the new islamic galleries and with plans for the future of the old reading room . ' the museum 's chairman sir richard lambert said mr macgregor had done an ' outstanding ' job . he said : ' the trustees are hugely grateful for everything he has done to bring the collection to life , and to tell its many different stories . we respect his decision to move on , and want to support him in his new projects . ' we are now starting the process of looking for someone to take on what will be one of the best and most challenging jobs of its kind in the world . ' the museum is in great shape , and we are fortunate to have an outstanding team in place to lead its activities and help build its future with the new director . ' the collection of the british museum is in a real sense the memory of mankind and the task is to present it in the best possible way in and beyond bloomsbury for the benefit of present and future generations . ' the museum , in bloomsbury , central london , received 6.7 million visitors in 2014/15 and recent exhibitions have looked at life in china , afghanistan , and ancient rome .