eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern california desert . an nbc helicopter was following the san bernardino county officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man , francis pusok , who was believed to have stolen horse on thursday afternoon . the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot after he falls off the horse , and they stun him with a taser . he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee . they stun him again , and again , before launching over to kick him between the legs . attack : two deputies were captured on film kicking francis pusok , an alleged horse thief , in the groin . escalated : by the end of the two minutes , there were eight deputies surrounding and beating pusok 's body . as he lies splayed face-down on the ground , they continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns . thirty seconds in , another deputy runs to join , followed quickly by three more . huddled in a pack over the man they each continue to pummel their fists into his back and head , some standing to kick . meanwhile , another stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . chase : he had been seen riding the horse through the desert of san bernardino on thursday afternoon . apprehended : an nbc film crew helicopter captured the moment he was stunned with a taser . he tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating . the san bernardino county sheriff , john mcmahon , has ordered an investigation into the incident , branding the video ' disturbing ' . a sheriff 's department statement says deputies tried to serve an identity-theft warrant on 30-year-old francis pusok of apple valley . pusok allegedly sped off in a car that he abandoned , then stole a horse in hesperia and galloped through rugged terrain . deputies arriving by helicopter jolted him with a stun gun . he was taken to a hospital with unknown injuries . san bernardino county sheriff , john mcmahon , has ordered an inquiry , branding the video ' disturbing ' . 