kenwyne jones came from the bench late on to score within three minutes of his bournemouth debut and rescue a point away to ipswich . the pass the parcel of the championship top spot continued as bournemouth could only draw after falling behind to an early freddie sears goal . they dominated the match , but had to wait until the 82nd minute for jones , taken on loan from cardiff 10 days ago , to power in a header . kenwyne jones ( right ) celebrates acrobatically after levelling for bournemouth against ipswich . bournemouth 's players mob jones after he earned them a point from the game against ipswich . freddie sears celebrates putting ipswich ahead against bournemouth at portman road after six minutes . sears ( left ) converted from close range to put ipswich ahead in the early exchanges of the game . bournemouth ( 4-4-2 ) : boruc ; francis , cook ( jones 79 ) , elphick , daniels ; ritchie , surman , arter , fraser ( smith 78 ) ; pitman ( kermorgant 65 ) , wilson . subs not used : camp , ward , gosling , macdonald . manager : eddie howe . booked : arter . goal : jones , 82 . ipswich ( 4-3-3 ) : bialkowski ; chambers , smith , berra , fryers ; skuse , tabb , bishop ( chaplow 57 ) ; varney ( clarke 90 ) , sears ( wood 79 ) , murphy . subs not used : gerken , , anderson , williams , mcgoldrick . manager : mick mccarthy . booked : chambers . goal : sears , 6 . referee : robert madley . attendance : 22,672 . ‘ we scored an un-bournemouth goal , ’ manager eddie howe admitted afterwards . ‘ but it was equally effective as any , from a set piece . it’s good to see , we haven’t come back from being behind much this season . ‘ jones is a presence , but he’s more than that he’s got good feet , he was excellent when he came on . he’s very important in terms of scores like this and the situation the game was in . that’s when he’s probably going to play his biggest part . it’s his job to turn those into points for us . he could be invaluable . ’ all it took was a split second lapse in concentration from bournemouth’s defence and they were behind in only the sixth minute . the first half was still taking shape when daryl murphy was afforded time and space on the right inside the box to bring a cross under control with a lovely touch and pass into sears to fire in first-time . the striker , formerly of west ham , was so free he looked over to the linesman , fearing he was offside , but the flag stayed down and he notched up his 19th goal of the campaign . ipswich goalkeeper bartosz bialkowski was diving left , right and centre for the remainder of the game to keep his side ahead . twice he denied ryan fraser and again a powerful effort from matt ritchie . but jones was thrown on in the 79th minute and rose to meet ritchie’s left-hand side corner to finally beat the polish keeper . ipswich manager mick mccarthy said : ’they put a very , very , very expensive acquisition on . he is pretty good in the air . i’ve just watched it and tommy smith is head-to-head with him , it’s one of those you get your head on it sometimes it flies in sometimes it doesn’t . he’s started to pay a bit back , i’d say . ’ ipswich manager mick mccarthy shakes hands with bournemouth boss eddie howe before the game . bournemouth defender steve cook clears the ball under pressure from ipswich forward sears . cook ( left ) of bournemouth contests a header with ipswich attacker daryl murphy . bialkowski pulled off his save of the match in stoppage time , making a one-handed stop at full-stretch to reach substitute yann kermorgant’s header from another ritchie corner . bournemouth are unbeaten in seven , but no-one is able to get a grip at the top of the championship table . ‘i’ve not known a league change hands so much , ’ howe added . ‘i’ve not known it so tight . it’s crazy . i said a few weeks ago there could be plenty more twists and turns . ‘ i think everyone is hoping they can be the team which breaks away . with so few games to go now it looks unlikely . it all goes down to the team who can hold their nerve the most and who can continue to avoid the pressure of what’s at stake . ’