having won premier league , serie a and la liga titles , as well as two champions leagues , jose mourinho has coached a whole host of world class stars during his 15-year career as a manager . here , sportsmail picks mourinho 's best ever xi . jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his career as a coach and his picked his ultimate xi . goalkeeper - petr cech . his signature in the summer of 2004 coincided with mourinho 's arrival in west london , and the czech stopper has become a chelsea stalwart . currently out of the team due to thibaut courtois ' emergence , and his manager will reportedly let him leave stamford bridge . petr cech has formed himself a legendary reputation at chelsea during 11 years at the club . sergio ramos - right back . a stalwart for 10 years in real madrid 's defence , sergio ramos was a key part of mourinho 's title-winning side in 2011-2 . sergio ramos has been a star at the back for real madrid for 10 years . john terry - centre back . the chelsea captain seemingly keeps getting better under mourinho , with major lapses in form only usually occurring when the 52-year-old is n't in charge . john terry has captained chelsea whenever mourinho has been in charge at the club . centre back - lucio . the brazilian beast was one of the fiercest defenders of the past decade , winning everything in the game at club and international level . and he was superb for mourinho during their treble-winning time together at inter in 2010 . lucio was one of the best central defenders of the past decade , especially during his time at inter . left back - ashley cole . a england 's greatest left back of a generation , he may not have played under mourinho for too long , but he was still undoubtedly one of the top performers for the blues under the portuguese . ashley cole played under mourinho during both of his stints at stamford bridge . centre midfield - michael essien . there was a stage during michael essien 's peak where he was one of the best midfielders in the premier league and the world . even when he declined in later years , mourinho still saw fit to bring him to real madrid . midfielder michael essien in action during his time playing for chelsea . centre midfield - frank lampard . another one of mourinho 's stalwarts , was a key man with goals from midfield during a dominant first spell in charge for the portuguese boss at chelsea . he may have let him go last summer , but jose obviously still loves lampard . frank lampard and jose mourinho embrace after victory in the champions league against barcelona in 2005 . left wing - eden hazard . they 've had their run-ins in the past , but it 's clear mourinho has n't had many more talented players than this belgian winger , who is firing the blues towards the title . hazard recently signed a new long-term deal so is clearly happy under this boss . eden hazard is the youngest member in this side and is firing chelsea towards the premier league title . attacking midfield - wesley sneijder . under mourinho , sneijder emerged as one of the best attacking midfielders in the world . the dutchman was superb as inter stormed to the treble in 2010 , and it 's fair to say he has n't looked like the same player since they split . wesley sneijder playing for inter milan , he was a star for mourinho during their treble winning campaign . right wing - cristiano ronaldo . what more can you say ? ronaldo recently scored his 300th goal for real madrid , and flourished while working with the ' special one ' at the bernabeu . the portuguese duo certainly get on . cristiano ronaldo enjoyed his time working with his portuguese compatriot at the bernabeu . striker - didier drogba . mourinho recently described drogba as his best buy at any club , so it 's no surprise to see the ivorian make the list . he arrived in england as a petulant forward with a lot to prove , and is now a chelsea legend in his second spell at the club . mourinho recently admitted drogba was his best ever buy so it 's no surprise to see him as the striker . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .