testimony got under way tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012 . shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights , ohio . hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ' the nose job he wanted . ' gun-toting girlfriend : shayna hubers ( left ) , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old ryan poston . crime scene : police say hubers shot poston six times inside his highland heights , ohio , condominium . on the first day of testimony tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant’s interview with police following the slaying . ' he was screaming at me at the top of his lungs after he had thrown me around the room , ' the woman told a detective sitting across from her , reported cincinnati.com . ‘ i shot him enough times to kill him , ’ she said , ‘ so that he would n't suffer ... he was laying there , twitching and making noises , and i shot him in the head . ‘ i was watching him die . it was painful to watch him die and to know that i had done that , ' reported wcpo . hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ' vain ' about his looks . ‘ i shot him right here , ’ she said in the video as she pointed to her nose . ‘ i gave him his nose job he wanted . ’ gallows humor : jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with hubers , in which the woman , then 21 , said poston was ' vain ' and she gave him the ' nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face . troubled : poston 's family described his relationship with hubers , left , as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it . prosecutors argued that the woman intentionally shot the attorney six times across a table , including once in the face , after poston tried to end their relationship . hubers ' attorneys have maintained that their client shot poston to protect herself . during questioning , hubers explained to detectives that she went to poston 's home ‘ with the best intentions’ not to kill him , but to convince him to work out their differences and mend their relationship . but when she arrived , poston allegedly ' resorted to violence . ' the woman said the lawyer made fun of her speaking voice , insulted her family , and physically assaulted her by pushing and dragging her around . she detailed how the 29-year-old victim allegedly pushed her down against the arm of the couch and threw her against furniture in the moments before the first shot rang out . ‘ he said , “ you 're just a hillbilly from kentucky . ” and i am . i guess the hillbilly came out in me , and i took up for myself , ’ she told police in the recording played in court . hubers’ trial is expected to last two weeks . she is being held in jail on $ 1.5million bond . woman scorned : hubers told police how ryan poston allegedly pushed and shoved her , insulted her family and mocked her for being a ' hillbilly from kentucky . ' she said : ' i guess the hillbilly came out in me , and i took up for myself’ . ryan poston graduated from salmon p. chase college of law , northern kentucky university in 2008 , following in the footsteps of his grandfather and uncle . in may 2012 , he started his own law practice specializing in personal injury cases in downtown cincinnati , ohio . his family and friends have described him as a bright and hard-working young lawyer who had a promising future ahead of him . he is survived by his parents and three sisters . hubers graduated from lexington’s paul laurence dunbar high school in 2009 . in the fall of 2010 , she made the dean’s list at the university of kentucky as a sophomore psychology major . zevely said she is close with her parents , and her mother spent the day with her in northern kentucky prior to the shooting . 