steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england . finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up – and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets . ‘i’ve had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months , ’ he said . ‘ but i feel everything at the crease is as i want it to be . steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place . finn admits he 's ' had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ' head straight ' . finn smiles as he helps launch ecb 's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club . ‘ my running style is something i’ve had my issues with – kneeing the stumps and shortening my run-up , which is what c**ked me up , really . it’s about trying to get it back to being natural . ‘we’ve got footage that i use when i’ve been bowling at my best . when i was running up as a carefree 21-year-old , i just legged it into the crease . ' it was natural , and i bowled quickly , consistently . my bowling’s looking pretty similar to that at the moment . ’ finn’s claims will be music to the selectors’ ears as they begin to fret about england’s fast-bowling stocks . finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . finn’s form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . the 26-year-old finn has played only one championship game for middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 test caps , the last of which he won back in 2013 . ‘ i don’t feel i’d have done myself a disservice had i been on the west indies trip , ’ he said . ‘ in the world cup , if you take out the wickets against australia , i was taking proper wickets – lbw , bowled , caught behind . ‘ coming back to middlesex and getting my head straight hasn’t been the worst thing . i’m gutted i’m not in the west indies , but this is the next best thing . ’ this summer more than 1000 cricket clubs will take part in club open days , supported by waitrose – register your club at ecb.co.uk/clubopendays .