in-form winger aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield secured a 38-14 super league victory against catalans dragons to end a three-match losing run . murphy , player of the month for february and march , went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor 's pass . he was then on hand when ukuma ta'ai , who also scored twice , caught and off-loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes . in-form winger aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons . former wakefield wildcats star murphy , 27 , has now scored six tries in his last five appearances . having fallen behind catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half scott dureau bagging all of their points . he scored a try on 21 minutes when elliot whitehead passed inside after a solo dash past two players split the giants defence . dureau converted and then added a penalty goal on 24 minutes for a poor shoulder charge on him by joe wardle . wardle was restored to the giants line-up after being suspended for last week 's defeat by st helens for a dangerous throw on ben cockayne . huddersfield responded with three tries in 10 minutes at the end of the first half - and it could have been more . connor nearly put murphy in again down the left on 27 minutes while leroy cudjoe was held up on the right flank after brough 's break from deep . in between ta'ai pounced for a try when a dragons defender fumbled a high kick from brough on 30 minutes . scotland star brough , whose kicking caused problems for the visitors all game , was at it twice more before half-time . his kick led to murphy 's second try and then another brough bomb was dropped on the hooter by a defender and cudjoe pounced . brough , who took his tally to 58 points for the season with three earlier conversions , this time hit the post . huddersfield led 22-8 at the break , with the sides trading tries after the restart as catalans narrowed the gap to 26-14 . julian bousquet scored a converted try on 45 minutes while jermaine mcgillvary went over at the other end eight minutes later . there was controversy on 62 minutes when a simmering feud between cudjoe and willie tong boiled over . the pair seemed to exchange words and former nrl star tong responded by appearing to headbutt cudjoe right in front of referee robert hicks . tong was sin-binned and cudjoe got a verbal warning in the presence of giants skipper brough . huddersfield took full advantage of the extra man by running in two quick tries , first from ta'ai a minute later and then scott grix on 65 minutes . there was no further score , but louis anderson lost his temper late on as huddersfield defensively shut the game down .