a bmw driver with five children on board was today arrested after a talented student was knocked down and killed as she walked to to the library . hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston in london last night , just weeks before her 22nd birthday . friends today left flowers at the scene and said miss shamim , who had the nickname hyena and was originally from peterborough , was 'much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world ' . hina shamim was killed after she was knocked down as she walked a short distance from home to the library . the bmw ( left ) was severely damaged in the crash , which also involved an empty bus ( centre ) . last night she was killed and eight others , including five children , were injured in a horror crash involving a bus and a car . witnesses said that the white bmw m3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into a double decker bus . the vehicle then span sideways and pinned miss shamim against a wall . paramedics battled desperately to save the woman 's life but she was pronounced dead at the scene . it has been claimed the car was travelling at around 80mph . six people who were in the bmw , including five children between the ages of four and 16 , were taken to hospital to be treated for injuries which were not thought to be life-threatening . one of the children is believed to have suffered a broken wrist and a four-year-old boy was said to need treatment for a head injury after the youngsters were showered with broken glass following the crash . dozens of tributes have been left at the scene of the crash in kingston , where miss shamim was killed . the 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody today . he was taken to hospital after the crash , along with his five passengers - two boys aged 16 and 12 , two four-year-old boys , and an eight-year-old girl . the driver of the empty 418 bus , involved in the crash , was treated at the scene for minor injuries while an off-duty colleague , 39 , who was with him was taken to hospital with leg injuries . miss shamim was completing her dissertation for a sports science course , and was due to complete her four years of studies this year . friends claim she had been on her way to hand in coursework when she died . the talented student was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week before she was knocked down . friends have described 21-year-old miss shamim as ' the loveliest person you could ever meet ' . miss shamim ( right ) was a popular student and was described as always having a smile on her face . monty sajdewa , 24 , who went to the gym with her , said : ' she was the most charming person you could ever meet . she was beautiful in every way . ' she lit up a room and was so caring and funny . she always had a smile on her face . ' a tribute poster left at the crash scene read : ' this dawn she 's vanished , but shining in everyone that knew her , like the sun . ' shabaz shah , 20 , a fellow student told the evening standard : ' she was the loveliest person you could ever meet . she loved life and was always in the gym or studying . she was the best person and we all loved her . ' the talented student is believed to have been making a walk of just 50 metres from her flat to the library when she was knocked down . she was due to graduate next year . the 21-year-old , originally from peterborough , was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday in just a week . friends of miss shamim have been seen at the scene of the crash today , laying floral tributes . dozens of people have gathered at the scene and said she was the ' most charming person you could meet ' . the popular student was due to complete her sports science studies next year and celebrate her birthday . one of miss shamim 's cousins , who did not want to be named , said : ' in our culture we do n't really party so she always just put her head down and got on with her work . she had her whole life mapped out for her . ' she wanted to be a nutritionist and she was so passionate about that . she was always telling us what 's good for us and what we should n't be eating . ' this is n't something we are going to get over easily . it 's going to be in our hearts for a long time . ' hina lived with her parents and two brothers in peterborough before leaving for university . she came back to visit regularly . london ambulance service declared a ' major incident ' following the collision at around 9pm on tuesday night and around 15 ambulances and police cars were called to the scene . the incident took place just 100 yards from the entrance to the university 's penrhyn road campus . police have cordoned off part of the road where the bmw is believed to have careered into the student . the incident is believed to have taken place on tuesday evening as miss shamim walked to the library . london ambulance service declared a major incident after the fatal crash at about 9pm on tuesday . witnesses described hearing a ' loud bang ' at the time of the crash . one who saw the aftermath said : ' we just walked out to take the dog for a walk as it had just happened and the police were arriving . ' there was a man who ran off with a small child , and then he came back screaming at the police to help his other child . ' the whole of the car 's front end up to the window is in pieces . ' a 39-year-old male passenger on the bus , as well as the bus driver , were also treated for minor injuries . detective sergeant john hartfree from the serious collision investigation unit at the met police said : ' penrhyn road would have been busy at the time of the collision and i am appealing for anyone who saw this tragic event unfold to contact police . ' i am particularly keen to speak to the occupants of a dark coloured car which was seen following the white bmw m3 car immediately prior to the collision . ' the convertible car was seen smashed and sprawled across a pavement and the front garden of a home after the crash last night . the victim 's next of kin has been informed while formal identification is under way .    