one of five victims killed in a fiery crash in fort worth , texas was returning from her own engagement party when an 18-wheeler ploughed into her and others who had stopped to help victims of an earlier incident . four were killed instantly in the collision . of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds , tarrant county medical examiner has confirmed . veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez and her fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble , the dallas news reported . veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez ( left ) and her fiance ely alba gonzalez ( right ) were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . four were killed instantly in the collision . of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds . veronica and ely’s sister , who has not been identified , were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles . two young children travelling with them survived the incident . veronica gonzalez was herself badly injured . she lost a leg and remained unconscious in critical condition yesterday . she had not been told the fate of her sister and girlfriend . local police said the series of collisions took place just past the freeway’s westbound oakland boulevard exit . the first crash - the incident the good samaritans stopped at - occurred when a when a driver slammed onto a concrete barrier on the stretch of road’s central reservation , local police said . an 18-wheeler ryder truck later careered into the earlier crash and those people unfortunate enough to have been caught up at the scene . it then burst into flames . veronica ( right ) died at the scene of the crash . ely ( left ) lost a leg in the incident and has not regained consciousness . the lorry was transporting the sunday edition of local daily the star telegram , the newspaper’s website reported . fort worth firefighters found the truck on fire when they arrived . fire department lieutenant kyle falkner was quoted as saying such a fire could happen in high-speed crashes . what happened to the vehicle’s diver is unknown . the 18 wheeler which caused so much devastation - the vehicle burst into flames because of the speed of the crash , fire fighters said . the crash occured on interstate 30 - in the first accident a motorist ploughed into the central reservation . two of the dead were identified by the tarrant county medical examiner’s office sunday : gonzalez and mary hernandez , 42 , both of fort worth . friends of another couple of good samaritans caught at the scene steve and tracy franklin . it is understood that steve was also killed in the crash with tracy reportedly in critical condition . the family owned an air-conditioning business in arlington . veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez had just celebrated her 43rd birthday . her cousin sarafina gonzalz was quoted as saying she was a ‘ loving , caring’ person who loved to dance . 