dark tourism is on the rise , with perhaps the best example of such a phenomenon being the ever-increasing interest in chernobyl as a holiday destination . april 26 , 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion , which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen . in recent years , visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially , with kiev-based tour company , soloeast , estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year . scroll down for video . in recent years , the chernobyl nuclear explosion site , and nearby ghost town of pripyat , ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest . in 1986 , reactor 4 in the chernobyl power plant exploded , sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of pripyat , north of kiev . at the time , the area was part of the former soviet union , but is now ukraine . the exclusion zone , a nearly 50kilometre ( 31-mile ) radius of contamination , runs around the power plant , although levels have now returned to those which are safe for brief visits to the area . however , such visitations are highly regulated and permitted only as part of an organised private tour . however , visits to the 50-kilometre exclusion zone , a contamination radius guarded by security , are highly regulated . several private tour companies offer packages to the exclusion zone , which in some cases even include overnight stays . guests must provide documentation at several check points upon reaching the site via tour bus . once there , visitors are banned from touching anything , eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone , and are even warned against sitting on the ground . needless to say , all discarded objects and property littered in and around the abandoned city must also remain . and exiting is likewise highly regulated , with several body scanners checking for high levels of radiation . once inside , visitors are banned from touching any objects or digesting any food that does not come from outside the zone . however , day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted , now that radiation levels have decreased in the years since the disaster , despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels . while the city of pripyat , which was located just 3 km away from the reactor , remains empty to this day , some people do live in the nearby town of chernobyl , which is about 15 km from the site . in fact , there 's even an interinform agency hotel in the zone , which caters to travellers interested in spending even more time in the area . and in the nearby village of orane , soloeast travel offers accommodations for their overnight tours at the countryside cottage chernobyl hotel , a western style dwelling located just 5 km from the dityatky check point . soloeast travel , a kiev-based tour operator , offers multi-day trips that include overnight stays at a cottage about 50 km from the site . ' there are no new hotels inside the exclusion zone , ' soloeast travel director , sergei ivanchuk , tells mailonline travel . ' although some old ones are cosmetically refurbished a bit . ' according to ukrainian law , businesses , except ones that are necessary for the zone functioning , are not allowed to be there - there will be no new radisson or sheraton opening . ' despite the ban on all non-essential workers from living in the zone , wildlife in the area - including foxes - has been thriving . dark tourism , a term first coined in 1996 at glasgow caledonian university , is defined as any visit to sites that are traditionally association with death and tragedy . however , it is hoped that the main draw is the historical value of such locations , and not their associations with suffering and destruction . while all non-essential workers may be banned from living in the zone - and those who do operate on a 15 days on , 15 days off schedule - wildlife in the area is thriving . some scientists attribute the proliferation in animal , bird and plant life to the almost 100 per cent absence of humans . indeed , in recent years , the area has experienced the reappearance of lynxes , great eagle owls and nesting swans , as well as increased number of deer , foxes and wolves . but some studies also claim that the radiation has caused biodiversity to decline and have had long-term health effects on animals in the zone , including the massive catfish that call the plant 's cooling pond home . chernobyl is one of the world 's most famous ' dark tourism ' sites and is especially popular among photographers . the once affluent town was also home to a funfair , which , following the evacuation , has since been overgrown with weeds . the town of pripyat and its ruins are favoured by photographers because of the soviet aesthetic and surrounding area 's untouched nature . the fukushima site , the scene of the worst nuclear disaster since chernobyl , has also recently become a tourist attraction . following the 2011 explosion , local japanese tour guides have begun escorting buses of people through the area , given that contamination levels are said to be ' low . ' guides say that they hope by educating tourists and sharing their experiences , people will be inspired to help rebuild the community . while there are a number of abandoned villages in and around the zone , most popular site to visit is the ghost town of pripyat , which offers a breathtaking snapshot of a soviet city circa the 1980s . the area is of particular interest to photographers , who love capturing the untouched scenery and the stark contrast between the thriving wildlife and the devastating ruins . a relatively affluent town prior to the explosion , pripyat was home to a newly-built amusement park , blocks of apartment complexes , and even a movie theatre . the amusement park is the most photographed area , in particular the iconic derelict ferris wheel and bumper cars . despite government orders to leave , almost 200 people still live within the exclusion zone . these inhabitants are known as 'self-settlers , ' and according to many who have visited the region , it is customary for those who visit to bring them gifts or small donations . a private tour booking will cost anywhere between $ 100 ( £67 ) to $ 400 ( £268 ) , depending on the duration of your stay and amount of people . but in order for visitors to legally enter , they must be granted a pass , which is only possible to get through booking a private tour , which will cost anywhere between $ 100 ( £67 ) to $ 400 ( £268 ) , depending on the duration of your stay and the amount of people in your group . ' last year , we ran 290 tours and served 1,980 visitors , ' ivanchuk adds . ' in 2014 , there were 5,900 visitors to the zone in total - though usually there are at least 10,000 . ' our one day tour is the most popular because it 's the most affordable , however there are more and more interest for two , three and four day tours . ' many people who visit once with a group return to have an extended tour . '