it was one of the most horrific disasters of the first world war , which still haunts the descendants of those who died . yesterday , as commemorations were held all over the world to mark the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli campaign , the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive . the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner , attended by princess anne . later the queen , joined by the duke of edinburgh , prince william and political leaders , led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall , while prince charles was in turkey with prince harry . princes charles and harry chat during a visit to the nek , a narrow stretch of ridge on the anzac battlefield . prince harry stops for a photo with a fan during the royal visit to turkey yesterday . the pair looked sombre during the new zealand memorial service , held at chunuk bair , turkey . prince harry greets the large new zealand crowds at a service marking the country 's involvement in the doomed gallipoli campaign , alongside conservative new zealand tukituki mp craig foss ( left ) . afterwards the queen joined a service of remembrance at westminster abbey , where she laid a wreath at the grave of the unknown warrior . the national flags of australia , new zealand , turkey and the uk were carried through the abbey and placed close to the high altar as a sign of reconciliation between old enemies . earlier , charles and harry joined more than 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at gallipoli to honour the bravery of the allied troops who stormed the peninsula 's beaches in 1915 . the landings were supposed to be a decisive blow that would knock the turks out of the war . but eight months of bloody fighting later , after an estimated 145,000 lives on both sides had been lost , the allies pulled out , having failed in their objective . around 58,000 allied troops were killed , many from australia and new zealand . almost 36,000 commonwealth servicemen are buried or commemorated on gallipoli . prince charles gave a moving reading about troops weeping as they left their dead comrades behind when they left gallipoli . he read the words of a soldier , who wrote : ' the hardest feature of the evacuation was in leaving those dead comrades behind . they had bequeathed us a sacred trust . ' yesterday prince charles gave a moving reading about troops weeping as they left their dead comrades behind when they left gallipoli . prince charles walks hand in hand with turgut kacmaz , the son of turkey 's oldest gallipoli veteran . turkey 's eu minister volkan bozkir walks and talks with prince charles . we will remember them : retired australian army major john titley at the wellington arch commemoration . queen elizabeth and the duke of edinburgh attend a commemoration service at westminster abbey . the pair were joined by prince william , who remained in london awaiting the birth of his second child . the queen and prince william take a seat at westminster abbey . the gallipoli landings were supposed to be a decisive blow that would knock the turks out of the war . yesterday the queen joined a service of remembrance at westminster abbey , where she laid a wreath at the grave of the unknown warrior . pictured right is a 1915 image of a british solider paying his respects at the grave of a comrade near cape helles .