tom varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against london welsh as wasps won away from home in the aviva premiership for the first time in 2015 to keep their top-six hopes alive . ahead of the trip to the kassam stadium , wasps ' hunt for an automatic european rugby champions cup spot next season had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures in all competitions . however , they claimed a 40-13 win over welsh with tries from varndell , ashley johnson , sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua . tom varndell crosses for one of his three tries as wasps ran out comfortable winners at the kassam stadium . it was far from plain sailing for wasps , though as the exiles , whose defeat to bath last time out confirmed that they will finish bottom of the table , trailed 12-5 at half-time after opeti fonua bundled over after the first two of varndell 's tries . but johnson dotted down and varndell added his third before tagicakibau secured the bonus point for wasps , with alapati leiua getting in on the act with the last play of the game . chris elder scored welsh 's second try of the match in the second period . wasps got off to a fast start at the kassam as they went 12 points clear after as many minutes . the visitors found the tryline after only four minutes as varndell broke down the right flank and scored in the corner , veteran fly-half andy goode converting well from a tight angle . welsh then went down to 14 men eight minutes later when koree britton was sent to the sin bin for pulling down a maul and wasps instantly capitalised as varndell grabbed his second try . seb stegmann is tackled by carlo festuccia as the exiles put up a fight , but faded away again . alapati leiua breaks away to score a late try as wasps pulled away in the closing stages . the exiles crept back into the game , though , keeping the pressure on wasps ' defence and fonua forced his way through to make it 12-5 , tristan roberts kicking the conversion side . welsh started the second half well and roberts made amends for his earlier miss as he calmly kicked a penalty between the posts to reduce the arrears even further . but wasps soon began to dominate and a lineout close to the try-line was bundled over by johnson in his first start as hooker . then a swift break down the right saw varndell free to run back around the welsh defence and score under the posts for his hat-trick . elder scored a try out of nowhere four minutes later for the exiles on his aviva premiership debut , as he found space on the left wing to touch down in the corner . wasps instantly replied though as tagicakibau finished a great run through the centre by reaching for the line . and the game ended on a high for wasps as leiua finished the scoring with a darting run through the middle . james cannon wins a line-out for wasps ahead of london welsh 's matt corker as wasps recovered their form . andy goode adds extras as wasps renewed their chase for a european champions cup place . 