stoke city manager mark hughes plans to make the britannia stadium pitch bigger to suit his side 's passing style of play . the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league - along with qpr 's loftus road and tottenham 's white hart lane - but hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter . the premier league wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m . ten clubs currently meet the regulation size . stoke city manager mark hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the britannia stadium for next season . the potters boss is keen for the britannia stadium playing area to be extend to suit his side 's playing style . the britannia stadium pitch is the joint smallest along with the loftus road and white hart lane playing area 's . stoke have enjoyed an impressive season under hughes and play much less direct than past potters sides . arsenal , manchester city , manchester united and newcastle all currently comply with the regulations and have pitch sizes of 105m x 68m . however , exceptions are allowed ' if it is impossible to comply with rule k21 due to the ground 's construction . ' everton , liverpool and chelsea are three of the ten clubs who do not currently comply with the regulated size . queens park rangers ' loftus road pitch is the smallest pitch in the premier league this season . tottenham 's white hart lane is also one of the smallest pitches in the top-flight with parameters of 100m x67m . former stoke boss tony pulis insisted on using the minimum measurements allowed when the potters were promoted to the premier league back in 2008 in order to contain the opposition . the smaller pitch also benefited former midfielder rory delap , whose launched throws into the area led to a number of stoke goals during the club 's formative years in the top-flight . back in 2011 , stoke were actually forced to extend the width and length of the pitch after qualifying for the europa league . however , hughes has completely overhauled the club 's playing philosophy since taking over the britannia stadium hotseat in 2013 - the club are much less direct now - and is set to expand the pitch by at least 15ft for next season . former stoke boss tony pulis insisted on using the minimum pitch size allowed when the club were promoted . stoke were famed for their direct style of play and scored plenty of goals from rory delap 's long throws .