richie benaud made commentary look easy . believe me , it isn’t . but he put in the hard work and he rose to the top . there’s a lesson there for a few of the blokes who pick up a mic today . i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia during an ashes test a few years ago . they’d only recently introduced the concept of using three commentators in one go and , as usual , richie was keeping his contributions to a minimum . i mean that in a good way — again , another lesson for today’s batch . anyway , richie had noticed something out in the middle and flicked what we call the lazy switch , so he could have a quiet word with the producer without the viewers hearing him . he wanted some footage of an incident he’d spotted a couple of overs earlier — shane warne had done something in the slips and it had passed the rest of us by . richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife daphne , and during his later years in august 2005 . benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . finally , the producer located what he wanted . warne , who hadn’t bowled yet — but who would go on to skittle england for the umpteenth time — had picked up his bowling marker , a small white disc , and thrown it to where he thought he’d be starting his run-up . between overs , they broadcast warne’s gesture . richie said : ‘ shane warne’s just put a marker down . ’ that was his only contribution in the half-hour we were on together , but it beat anything else we had to offer . one line ! it was classic richie : he had the eagle eye to see what warne was doing in the first place , the confidence to stay quiet while we rabbited on , and the perfect choice of words . as he might have put it himself : marvellous . i thought of richie during the world cup final last month . for some reason star sports , the tournament’s global broadcasters , used a team of rookies to commentate on the match . some of them were among the game’s greatest modern-day players , but it was painfully apparent none of them had done much commentary . it was terrible tv . they just couldn’t pinpoint the moment — no emotion , no elation , no despair . how we missed richie that evening . he never went overboard but he could have captured all those qualities in that understated way of his . sometimes he could be very understated indeed . david gower , geoffrey boycott and benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the bbc in 1995 . a master with the microphone to his lips , benaud also was well aware of the power of silence . australia cricket legend benaud shakes hands with hm queen elizabeth ii during his playing days . i remember talking to michael slater , who teamed up with him in the commentary box in his later years . he spoke about one day when richie did two half-hour stints as one of three commentators , and did not say a single word . slats described it as ‘ bagging a pair’ , the term for a batsman who gets two ducks . but that was richie . if there was nothing to add to the picture the viewers could see , he wouldn’t add to it . it really pains me now , for example , when commentators start reading out a graphic that has appeared on screen for all to see . it might be the top 10 leading runscorers at a particular ground , or something similar , and they just read out the list ! it’s incredibly lazy . richie would consider the list , and then say something like : ‘ and no 4 could soon be moving to no 2 . ’ he wouldn’t even name names — he respected the intelligence of the viewer . and i know how much viewers responded to that . one of his best qualities was that he never sought the limelight . he wasn’t in it for the ego . he’d turn up in the commentary box and if he was off-air , he’d set up at the back of the box , take out his computer and do his homework on the newest player on the scene , or look up the latest horseracing odds . the chemistry he had with the likes of tony greig and bill lawry was amazing . it was unmissable . and it was based on a deep mutual respect and love of the game . benaud ( front left ) leads australia off at old trafford in 1961 as england collapsed against his leg spin . benaud , pictured in 2006 during the launch of his book my take on cricket , was widely respected and loved . benaud pays tribute to australian media mogul and cricket pioneer kerry packer after his death in 2005 . and , boy , he loved the game . one evening , richie , ron atkinson and i were treated to dinner in birmingham by the news of the world , who we were all working for at the time . ron was covered in bling and telling us all how he could get into any nightclub in town and was ready for a lively evening . richie wasn’t a big drinker , but he’d allowed himself a couple of glasses of red , and he started telling this story about the great australian leg-spinner bill o’reilly . it’s fair to say the story was on the longish side and by the time ron had disappeared into the night and richie was being bundled into a waiting taxi , we were still learning all about bill o’reilly… . he had this wit that made all other commentators want to be like him . he didn’t really go in for after-dinner speaking , but he might occasionally be asked to say a few words . once he spotted me in the audience , and quickly remembered the time i was hit in the groin by jeff thomson ( have i mentioned that before ? ) . tributes are seen at the statue of benaud at the sydney cricket ground after his passing aged 84 . ‘ ah , there’s david lloyd , ’ richie said . ‘ i remember him telling me in 1974-75 how he could play thommo with his c***… and then he proceeded to do precisely that . ’ the joke was all in the pause and the timing . he was a great leg-spinner , a superb captain , and a lovely bloke . i can just imagine how warmly he’ll be welcomed by some of the other great commentators up in the sky : brian johnston , alan mcgilvray , john arlott , even freddie trueman . fred was often known to splutter : ‘ i just don’t know what’s going off out there . ’ richie , it’s safe to say , never suffered from the same affliction . we’ll miss him dearly . and so will cricket . on commentating . ' what i want most from being a television commentator is to be able to feel that , when i say something , i am talking to friends . ' ' my mantra is : put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' ' the key thing was to learn the value of economy with words and to never insult the viewer by telling them what they can already see . ' ' out in the field , you have n't got anyone whispering into your ear saying all sorts of things , you 've got to do it yourself . ' on captaincy . ' the hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' ' captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . but do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' on batting . ' bruce reid is not the worst batsman there is at international level but those who are worse would not need to hire the myer music bowl to hold a convention . ' ' glenn mcgrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . ' ' he 's not quite got hold of that one . if he had , it would have gone for nine . ' on bowling . ' a bleeding ring finger at the end of every training session was not only normal but essential for my development as a wrist spinner . ' ' your wrist must be cocked , but not stiffly cocked . ' ' you must always look where you want to land it . if i offered you 10,000 dollars to hit a tin can , you 'd never take your eyes off it . ' on twenty20 cricket . ' if any form of game can pull 20,000 spectators into a game of cricket it 's great for the sport . i think it 's wonderful . ' ' as long as the people who run the game have brains and keep three forms of the game i think it will be terrific . ' on shane warne 's ' ball of the century . ' gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . still does n't know . ' on 1981 's ' underarm bowling ' scandal . ' a disgraceful performance from a captain who got his sums wrong . it should never be permitted to happen again . one of the worst things i have ever seen done on a cricket field . ' miscellaneous . ' the slow-motion replay does n't show how fast the ball was really travelling . ' ' a cricket ground is a flat piece of earth with some buildings around it . ' ' he 's usually a good puller - but he could n't get it up that time . ' ' cricket has changed for the better ... it 's because of what happened then , cricket is so strong now . ' 