messy homes can understandably be a huge source of embarrassment for home owners . but it 's fair to say that everyone can admit to getting lazy with the cleaning every now and again . it turns out old mugs of tea , toothpaste-encrusted bathrooms and mouldy food are among the top ' cleaning sins ' committed by busy brits . a study by k채rcher has revealed six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes . a study of 2,000 people by cleaning equipment company , k채rcher , revealed that a whopping six in ten full-time working brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . even more shocking is that now , three months into the new year , many have avoided certain cleaning jobs all together . one in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far ; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . some of the top ' cleaning sins ' committed by brits include old mugs of tea and mouldy food left to fester . other top ranking ' cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole , only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food in the microwave fester . according to research , it seems that more than a quarter ( 25 % ) only do housework if they absolutely have to . and when it came to those in relationships ? women were less likely to feel that their partner pulled their weight around the house . uk home and garden marketing manager of k채rcher , phil springall , has said : ' for many people , workloads are increasing and weekly routines are often hectic . 1 . food stains from splattering . 2 . finger marks on the mirror . 3 . leaving dust on the skirting board and on the bannister . 4 . toothpaste stains on the sink . 5 . leaving expired food in the fridge . 6 . letting dust gather on the shelves . 7 . dust piling on the tv . 8 . stacks of washing up in the sink . 9 . coffee ring stains on the work top . 10 . leaving hair in the plug hole . 11 . leaving exploded food in the microwave . 12 . leaving splashes on the kitchen hob . 13 . only changing your sheets once a month . 14 . not wiping down the kitchen hob and its buttons . 15 . letting limescale build up in your kettle . 16 . not vacuuming the stairs . 17 . leaving dirty washing lying about . 18 . over-flowing bins . 19 . food rotting in the fridge . 20 . not sweeping the floor when food has fallen onto it . source : k채rcher . other top ' cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the bathroom plug and only changing bed sheets once a month . ' we 've seen that more than ever , full time workers are juggling their careers while trying to stay on top of the chores at home and clearly it 's a battle that many admit they fail to win . ' the result of that is that standards at home slip and that means a less welcoming environment after a hard day 's work . ' it 's important people have the ability to maintain their homes as well as they wish , without having to spend all their free time doing chores . ' 1 . it 's messy . 2 . there are lots of diy jobs which need starting . 3 . dated kitchen units . 4 . cracked walls and/or ceilings . 5 . dated carpets . 6 . it needs completely redecorating . 7 . there is lots of clutter and rubbish lying around . 8 . faded or peeling paintwork . 9 . dirty/stained carpets . 10 . dated or shabby wallpaper . 11 . it 's too small . 12 . there are patches of mould . 13 . bad/anti-social neighbours . 14 . there are lots of half-done diy jobs which need finishing . 15 . patchy lawns . 16 . it smells of my pets , cigarettes etc . 17 . overgrown gardens . 18 . old , broken furniture . 19 . bold or garish colour schemes . 20 . it 's a bad area . source : sugru . it also turns out that messy homes are n't the only source of embarrassment for brit home owners . a study , commissioned by mouldable glue company , sugru , has revealed that a huge six in ten brits are embarrassed of their houses . other reasons that brits are embarrassed by their houses are unfinished diy jobs , mouldy patches , cigarette odour and even antisocial neighbours . it also came down to the actual house itself , with many citing bad location , dated kitchen units and the actual size as embarrassing components . so it seems only natural that many peoople would make comparisons to cleaner , fictional on-screen abodes . the research also revealed the top ten houses that brits would most like to recreate . with luxurious gilded interiors , chandeliers in every room and plush velvety fittings , it 's not hard to see why brits love this house . filmed at highclere house in north hampshire . 1 . downton abbey ( 2012 ) . grand , gothic and opulent , nottingham 's wollaton hall was used as the location for the filming of batman . 2 . bruce wayne 's home in batman . with purple floors and mismatched decor , brits might love this abode more because of the cherished sitcom memories that happened here . 3 . monica and rachel 's flat in friends ( 1995 ) . sleek , minimalist and not to mention , a real bachelor 's pad . frasier 's suave seattle apartment is widely coveted by brits . 4 . frasier 's apartment ( 1998 ) . the los angeles grand mansion from the fresh prince of bel air is a great source of inspiration for brit home owners . 5 . uncle phil 's house from the fresh prince of bel air ( 1990 ) . a dream house from anyone 's childhood , complete with wooden fittings and rope bridges . real-life imitations were built at several disneylands after the film was made . 6 . the treehouse from swiss family robinson ( 1960 ) . cute , kitsch and quintessentially british , people love wallace & grommit 's house located in wigan , lancashire . 7 . wallace & grommit 's house ( 1995 ) . ignore the wardrobe for a second - shiny mahogany floorboards , tidy and intimate layout and boho decor make carrie 's manhattan apartment a dream abode . 8 . carrie 's apartment in sex and the city . modern architecture and expensive furnishings make the cullen home desirable . called the hoke house , it was originaly designed for nike executive , john hoke , and is actually located in portland , united states . 9 . the cullen home in twilight ( 2008 ) . floor-to-ceiling windows , squeaky-clean ivory floors , and the minimalist stylish furniture make christian grey 's seattle penthouse covetable . 10 . christian grey 's apartment in fifty shades of grey ( 2015 ) .