a freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of south carolina on friday night - causing several cars to overturn and leak , and sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation . the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near the town of trenton , shortly after 8.30pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . the derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak , authorities told wfxc . however , it is unclear whether the affected cars were the ones holding the dangerous anhydrous ammonia . derailment : a freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of south carolina on friday night , causing several cars to overturn and leak . above , officials are pictured near the scene on friday . company : the norfolk southern train ( file picture ) was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near trenton , shortly after 8.30pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen on the tracks . the incident prompted a civil emergency message to be activated for residents and businesses within a 1.5-mile radius of the area . thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a ' precaution ' . derrick becker , public information officer for the south carolina emergency management division , told the associated press that no one was injured following the norfolk southern train crash . he added that there were ' no visible liquids or a plume ' on the scene . officials could not immediately confirm how many cars the train had all together , and norfolk southern could not be reached . suzy spurgeon , edgefield county 's director of emergency management , said on friday night that haz mat crews had been sent to the scene . firefighters were already said to be on the tracks . ims spurgeon did not confirm how much of the substance had leaked from the cars . locals who were evacuated from their homes were told to gather at mount canaan baptist church on friday night . in a tweet after the incident , state senator shane massey said the train appeared to have crashed into a tree on the tracks , derailing two locomotives and at least a dozen cars , wjbf reported . deputies at the site : at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . scene : suzy spurgeon ( left ) , edgefield county 's director of emergency management , said on friday night that haz mat crews had been sent to the scene . right , sallters pond road train crossing , near the crash site . it is not the first time this year that a freight train derailment has sparked an evacuation . last month , a bnsf railway train loaded with crude oil derailed in northern illinois , bursting into flames and prompting officials to suggest that everyone with one mile to evacuate , authorities said . however , only a family of two agreed to leave their home . the train derailed at around 1.20pm on march 5 in a rural area where the galena river meets the mississippi , according to bnsf . the train had 103 cars loaded with crude oil , along with two buffer cars loaded with sand . no injuries were reported . 