the family of a woman who has been missing for almost a month have shared their heartbreak over her disappearance . sharon edwards ' car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on march 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . her son , eli edwards , told daily mail australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance . sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday march 14 in grafton , nsw . pictured from left : her son zac , husband john , son eli , ms edwards and her third son josh . ‘ the worst part is not knowing anything , it’s such a mystery , ’ he said . ‘ my old man’s taking it pretty hard and i guess we are all just going through stages . ’ there was no sign of forced entry at her grafton home on the nsw north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions . ms edwards , a 55-year-old teacher , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14 after spending the afternoon with close friends at the nearby good intent hotel . her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts . she is not believed to have had any enemies , but as ms edwards has no history of mental illness police are treating the investigation as a homicide . the family made an emotional appeal for information last week as police said it was a homicide investigation . sharon edwards , 54 , posted a smiling image of herself in front of a sunrise on the morning she disappeared . ‘ we can’t think of anyone that would want to do anything to hurt her . we don’t have any theories , ’ he said . police and family say they hold ' grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . after police made it known they were investigating foul play , mr edwards said his family started to face the harsh reality that his mother may never be coming home . ‘ it could be a real possibility and i guess after all this time it feels like there is really only one outcome left . ’ mr edwards said regardless of how it happens , he wants his mum brought home . ' i want her to be found , one way or another . ' ' we just need an outcome , at least that way we can all have some closure , ’ he added . it was first noticed ms edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . she has no known medical conditions and has not made contact with relatives . mr edwards said he and his fiance sometimes worked weekends and his mother was due to come to brisbane to help care for his young daughter . ‘ she would n't miss that for the world , ’ mr edwards explained . the ' dedicated ' primary school teacher did not turn up to work at coutts crossing public school on march 16 and her estranged husband reported her missing the next day . on the morning she disappeared , ms edwards posted a smiling image of herself posing in front of a sunrise . in the week following her disappearance , police divers searched searched the clarence river . police also forensically examined three properties ms edwards and her husband own together , one in grafton and two , including a vacant block , in nearby lawrence . it is understood ms edwards lives in the grafton home and her husband often stays at the lawrence property . police forensically examined three properties - one in grafton and two , including a vacant block , in nearby lawrence . the 55-year-old was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on saturday , after spending the afternoon with close friends at the good intent hotel in grafton on the north coast . the ' dedicated ' primary school teacher did n't turn up to work at coutts crossing public school on monday morning and her husband reported her missing the next day . police and family say they hold ' grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . ms edwards is described as being of caucasian , with a fair complexion , short blond hair and medium build . strike force burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance , comprising of detectives from the coffs/clarence local area command and northern region . investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact grafton police station on 02 6642 0222 or crime stoppers . 