they’re the ultimate status symbol for the ultra-rich , but superyacht owners or charter clients aren’t content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas . they spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world’s one per cent or impress their celebrity guests . money is no object to those who like to flaunt their massive wealth at sea , and that means sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor and special guests . scroll down for video . superyachts can sell for more than £50million , while others cost more than £400,000 a week to charter . henry smith , a sales broker with cecil wright , a boutique yacht brokerage with offices in monaco and london , said : ‘ you do get some pretty unusual requests . the strange ones are demanding , particularly when food has to be sent from one place to another at the last minute . ‘ when you’re doing requests like this you’re paying considerably more than if you were to organise it in advance . but then again , as people say , this is yachting . ’ in a fast-pace world where brokers expect the unexpected , these are some of the most outrageous requests from superyacht owners and charter clients . one superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers , allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals . two caged tigers . a life of pi situation was avoided when an owner from europe threw a party with two live siberian tigers on board . under the care of trained professionals , the tigers were held in glass cages on the aft deck , allowing partygoers to pose for selfies with the animals in the background . mr smith said the biggest challenges were sorting out the insurance and paperwork , and lifting the tigers onto the superyacht . hoisting caged tigers onto a yacht isn’t covered by the normal premiums . mr smith said : ‘ getting them physically onto the yacht was an issue because they had to lift them using cranes . ‘ the people who owned the tigers were wary to allow other people to operate the machinery , and it took several weeks of paperwork once we found a specialist insurer . ’ mr smith said the tigers were rented from a circus and were taken off the yacht after the party ended . he said : ‘ it went off without a hitch in the end , but it was an awful lot of work on our end . but that’s what we do , that’s what we’re paid for . ’ cecil wright arranged for fresh fruit and vegetables to be flown from the french riviera to the maldives . special delivery – from france to the maldives . it’s the comforts of home that people miss the most when they travel for long periods , but that isn’t a problem for the world’s super-rich . one client had a week’s worth of fruit and vegetables sent from their favourite shop in the south of france straight to their superyacht in the maldives . of course , the container had a travel experience that most people will never have – it was flown from france to the island nation in the indian ocean by private jet . once it arrived in the maldives it was loaded into a helicopter and delivered to the superyacht , where it landed on one of its decks . mr smith said there was ‘ nothing fancy’ about the food , which arrived undamaged and fresh . the owner just wanted a familiar taste from back home . he said : ‘ the value of the food on the flight was significant less than the value of the flight . ’ three 'a-list ' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan . party on a desert island . one client wanted to have a huge party on a deserted island for 80 friends and family members , so a team of engineers had to be flown out to set up a stage and other amenities . the private party featured performances by three ‘a-list’ musical acts from the uk and us ( mr smith wasn’t at liberty to reveal their identities ) , who were flown in by private jet and helicopter . mr smith said it took four months of planning and three weeks to build the venue . this included flying in generators to power the sound and lighting systems , a professional grade kitchen and living accommodation for the construction crew . some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages . sailing around the world in a floating classroom . superyacht owners don’t let their children’s education get in the way of their ambitious plans for an around-the-world family holiday . they bring the classroom – and the teacher – with them . mr smith said some owners have had small classrooms built within their superyachts so their children can keep up with their studies . they have also hired teachers to deliver lessons while travelling to some of the most exotic places on earth . for the teachers , it is an incredible way to see the world while getting paid and not having to pay for a home or utility bills . mr smith said : ‘ [ salary ] varies enormously on things such as age and the amount of holiday they get , but you’d be looking at certainly a minimum of £50,000 . ’ great french bake off . baking an eight-tier cake is a very complex and time-consuming process , and a boulangerie in the south of france had just 24 hours to prepare one after a ‘last-minute’ request . the cake , decorated with edible flowers , was prepared in a hurry for a guest’s birthday party in saint-tropez in the french riviera . mr smith said : ‘ they were working flat-out to make this thing , and it required a lot of convincing on our part to convince them to do it . ‘ this eight-tier monster cake looked like a bouquet almost , with lots of very intricately designed and hand-cut edible flowers . it was impressive to say the least . ’ one crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons for a girl 's birthday party . ‘ a sea of pink and silver’ . sticking with the birthday theme , cecil wright once received a request to organise a surprise birthday party for an owner’s granddaughter . the crew had just two hours to blow up 2,500 pink and silver balloons , using compressed air tanks , as it was the only time the youngster was off the vessel . mr smith said : ‘ they finished just in time . it was a huge panic and a rush , and they had to bring in a few guys to help from other yachts . it was just a sea of pink and silver . ’ two owners exchanged a steinway grand piano , but it had to be dismantled and transported across europe . the world 's toughest piano move ? when one owner ( let’s call him mr x ) purchased a €70million ( £50million ) superyacht it had a steinway grand piano on board . but he was not a fan , so he gifted the beautiful piano to his friend ( who we’ll call mr y ) . the only problem was that mr x’s yacht was in spain and mr y’s was in germany . instead of waiting until the yachts were in the same port , a team from steinway was brought in to dismantle the piano , package it and transport it across europe to mr y’s yacht , where they put it together . the cost of dismantling and moving the piano was nearly the same as purchasing a new one . cecil wright arranged the installation of a squash court on a helipad that lowers with the press of a button . squash at sea . cecil wright was responsible for installing the world’s first squash court on a superyacht . the full-size court was set up on a helipad that can be lowered with the press of a button when it’s not in use . it is a permanent fixture on the ship , and doubles as a helicopter hangar . new destination , new wardrobe . one couple hated travelling with luggage so much that they don’t bother anymore , and they get a new wardrobe delivered every time they embark on a new voyage . mr smith said : ‘ whenever they arrive all their clothes from the previous time are removed and new clothes are added . ’ in addition to the latest fashions , the couple travels with an entourage that includes a hair stylist , nail technician , a doctor and maid .