the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards . when claudia winkleman replaced sir bruce forsyth as co-host of strictly come dancing , sceptics thought she would struggle to fill his shoes . now , she has proved them wrong with a bafta nomination for her first season on the show . the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards , something both sir bruce and co-host tess daly failed to achieve . it comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda , eight , recovered after her halloween costume accidentally caught fire . the mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with ant and dec , graham norton and celebrity juice host leigh francis . meanwhile , sir bruce , 87 , has said he does not miss his time hosting strictly , admitting : ‘ it was never the show i thought it would be . ’ the veteran entertainer said he wished he had been allowed to interact more with the celebrities . other bafta hopefuls include broadchurch star olivia colman , 41 , who is nominated in the female performance in a comedy category for her role in bbc2 comedy rev . miss winkleman’s nomination has led the programme into its most successful ever year at the baftas , after it won a total of three nominations , including for entertainment show and audience choice . the nominations have been voted for by 4,000 bafta members . it has again come out on top against itv rivals x factor and britain’s got talent , both of which have again been snubbed . the shortlists mark the continuation of a disappointing run for simon cowell’s duo of talent shows . both sir bruce ( centre ) and co-host tess daly ( right ) have failed to receive a nomination from the show . x factor’s six-year run of nominations ended in 2011 and britain’s got talent has failed to make the cut since 2010 . bbc bosses were recently reported to be considering dropping miss winkleman before strictly’s return later this year , describing her first run as a ‘ trial shift’ . however , with the nomination now in her corner , her case for staying is compelling . she has won the recognition despite being absent from the show for almost a month while her daughter , mathilda , eight , recovered from a horrific halloween accident in which her costume caught fire . in the interim , her post was covered by zoe ball , 44 , who fronts strictly spin-off show it takes two . the nominees for this year 's baftas : hopefuls include broadchurch star olivia colman , 41 , who is nominated in the female performance in a comedy category for her role in bbc2 comedy rev . before taking on the role she spoke of her nerves at filling such a primetime slot . she said : ‘ i am going to be tess and she is going to be bruce . i just want to be useful . if i am useful ... it will be fine . ’ this is the fifth time strictly has been nominated in the entertainment programme category but it has so far never won the award . this year it is competing with the voice , ant and dec’s saturday night takeaway and dynamo : magician impossible . its third nomination is for the audience choice award , which is decided by a public vote . the other contenders are the great british bake off , the missing , game of thrones , eastenders , sherlock and cilla . strictly has again come out on top against itv rivals x factor and britain’s got talent , both of which have again been snubbed . 