hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation . ' it is , i think , worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of keene . ' hopefully we 'll get on to the issues . ' clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest . and campaigning for the democratic presidential nomination , she pushed back hard . scroll down for video . it 's me : democratic presidential front-runner hillary rodham clinton 's chief complaint about republicans is that they ca n't stop talking about her . dining with the 1 per cent : clinton hobnobbed with democratic officials last night in concord at the home of a former state senate president . ' we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and attacks , ' she told reporters after a roundtable event at a children 's furniture factory . ' i 'm ready for that . i know that that comes , unfortunately , with the territory . ' she is making her first campaign visit this year to new hampshire , a state beloved by the clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband 's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind . she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party , offering a dark assessment of a ' stalled out ' u.s. recovery , a judgment at odds with president barack obama 's brighter view of what the nation has achieved on his watch . ' it 's not enough just to tread water , ' she said . not ready for hillary : a lone protester vented his spleen at the new hampshire technical institute while clinton held a roundtable inside . in a traditional democratic stand , she voiced her strong support for social security , a program some republicans are eager to trim back , describing it as ' not a luxury ' but ' a necessity . ' standing in front of wooden pallets and boxes of furniture parts , clinton was asked by reporters about peter schweizer 's coming book , ' clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich . ' the book argues that the clinton family got speaking fees and donations in return for favors to various foreign interests doled out while she was secretary of state . sen. rand paul , a 2016 gop candidate , said that would make people ' question whether she ought to run for president . ' republicans have spent months talking about financial dealings of the clinton foundation to raise questions about hillary clinton 's character . she stepped down from the organization 's board within hours of announcing her campaign . the foundation has come under scrutiny for accepting foreign contributions , including from middle eastern nations that deny equal rights for women . some also are on the front lines in the fight against terrorism . last week , the foundation revised its policy to permit donations from six u.s. allies in europe , australia , and north america but to bar giving from other nations . the charity supports public health , climate change and anti-poverty programs . clinton campaign aides and supporters moved quickly to discredit schweizer after word of his book emerged , casting him as a republican operative working to defeat her . scooby sighting : clinton 's campaign van made an appearance in concord , nh on tuesday morning . a few takers : clinton shook hands with staffers at kristin 's bistro and bakery on monday in keene , nh – but some kitchen workers did n't want to come out to meet her . schweizer is president of the government accountability institute , a conservative organization , and has advised republican politicians on foreign policy . ' he 's cherry picked information that 's been disclosed and woven a bunch of conspiracy theories about it , ' clinton campaign chairman john podesta said on pbs . though nearly two dozen republicans are competing for their party 's nomination , the gop candidates have largely focused their criticism on clinton . in new hampshire on the weekend , they mocked her campaign stops , charged her with being overly secretive and even brought up her husband 's affair with a white house intern .