a 50-year-old man should die in prison for the alleged brutal murder of his wife - 20 years after he killed his first partner , prosecutors said on monday . tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafreed , 47 , at their home on july 20 , 2014 . marion county prosecutor 's office filed the request on monday , for life without the chance of parole for degrafreed . tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , ( pictured right ) allegedly beat to death wife rebecca degrafreed , 47 , ( left ) at their home in july 2014 . degrafreed , of indianapolis , ( left ) has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca , who worked at iu methodist hospital ( right ) . according to a statement from the marion county prosecutor 's office : ' rebecca degrafreed was discovered in the couple’s bedroom with a bloody baseball bat next to her body and a knife on the bed . ' witnesses in the home reported that they heard a banging noise from the bedroom where the victim was found . ' rebecca degrafreed died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck , according to an autopsy report . mrs degrafreed’s son , jordan yarbro , was also injured in the incident when degrafreed allegedly stabbed him in the chest before fleeing the scene . family members said rebecca , who worked at iu methodist hospital , married tony in 2006 after he 'd been released from prison . the mother-of-three accepted her new husband 's past and devoted herself to his rehabilitation , relatives said . the couple had originally met as teenagers . in january 1994 , tony degrafreed was arrested and charged with murder , two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun , the indianapolis news reported . according to news reports at the time , he shot his estranged 26-year-old wife , stacy degrafreed , in the chest and thigh . she died in hospital . police said he also shot two neighbors , frank and phyllis sommerville , in the same incident . he was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison , but served less than half of that sentence . in january 1994 , tony degrafreed ( center ) was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged wife along with two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun . rebecca degrafreed 's sons jordan ( left ) and jeffery yarbro ( center ) pictured with their cousin outside the victim 's indianapolis home where their mother was killed .