paraded in a glass coffin and flanked by jostling civilians , members of the armed forces and the media scrum , the former right-hand man of saddam hussein was handed over to the authorities today . iraqi officials said izzat ibrahim al-douri had died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad , on friday . today , his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ' king of clubs ' . scroll down for video . the body of izzat ibrahim al-douri was today delivered to the ministry of health in baghdad . civilians , members of the armed forces and photographers try to get a closer look at the body . al-douri was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after the offensive to overthrow saddam and had a $ 10m bounty on his head . al-douri , 72 , was reportedly killed near tikrit , where he was working alongside isis militants . al-douri was deputy to saddam when he was deposed following the us-led invasion of iraq in 2003 . a glass coffin with transparent panels carrying the body of al-douri - with his bright orange beard - was transferred from a van into a government vehicle . the event was broadcast live on state television in iraq . al-douri , 72 , headed the naqshbandi order insurgent group , an important faction behind the recent rise of isis . he was one of saddam 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup . both al-douri and saddam came from the same tikriti tribal background . his daughter was briefly married to saddam 's elder son , uday , who - together with his brother qusay - was killed by us forces in mosul in july 2003 . he was then deputy to saddam when he was deposed following the invasion of iraq in 2003 . following the execution of saddam hussein on 30 december , 2006 , al-douri was confirmed as the new leader of the banned ba'ath party . a man in army uniform and a balaclava takes a picture of the former right-hand man of saddam hussein . a glass coffin with transparent panels containing the remains of al-douri was transferred from a van into a government vehicle in scenes broadcast on state television in iraq . al-douri was an iraqi military commander and was vice chairman of the iraqi revolutionary command council , until the 2003 us-led invasion of iraq . al-douri was the king of clubs in the famous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam 's regime after its collapse . al-douri was deemed the most high-profile official of saddam 's ba'ath party to evade capture after the invasion . he was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after offensive to overthrow saddam and had a $ 10m bounty on his head . he was the king of clubs in the infamous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam 's regime after its collapse . his dead body was pictured on social media on friday with his teeth missing , an unkempt orange beard and a bloody head wound . salahuddin governor raed al-jabouri said soldiers and allied shia militiamen killed him in an operation east of tikrit - a city that was recaptured by the government two weeks ago . he said : ' this is a major victory for those involved in the operation . he is considered a mastermind for this terrorist group . ' for sure this will have an impact on them ... there will be a break among them . ' isis currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the uk , from aleppo to central iraq . in the invasion of iraq by a us-led coalition , the military developed a set of playing cards to help troops identify the most-wanted members of saddam 's regime . this was mostly high-ranking members of the iraqi regional branch of the arab socialist ba'ath party or members of the revolutionary command council . the cards were officially named the ' personality identification playing cards ' . each card contained the wanted person 's address and , if available , the job they carried out . the highest-ranking cards , starting with the aces and kings , were used for the people at the top of the most-wanted list . saddam , who was number one on the most wanted list , was the ace of spades . the aces of clubs and hearts were his sons qusay and uday respectively , who were both killed in mosul in 2003 . the ace of diamonds was saddam 's presidential secretary abid hamid mahmud al-tikriti . he was executed in june 2012 after being sentenced to death by the iraqi high tribunal . al-douri was the king of clubs in the pack of cards . however , in recent months iraqi forces , supported by us-led air strikes , have captured large areas from the terrorist group . but on friday , a car bomb killed three people outside the us consulate in erbil , the capital of iraq 's kurdistan region that is allied with washington in a war against isis , which claimed the attack . no us personnel were hurt in the blast , according to the state department , which said a 'vehicle-borne improvised explosive device ' exploded right outside the entrance to the heavily fortified compound . isis also claimed responsibility for two car bombings in baghdad that killed at least 27 people on friday . ' the fighters of the islamic state detonated two car bombs in the heart of the iraqi capital this evening and a third in erbil , ' the group said via its news agency . such attacks are relatively rare in kurdistan , which has managed to insulate itself from the worst of the violence afflicting the rest of iraq . a car bomb killed three people outside the us consulate in erbil , capital of iraq 's kurdistan region , on friday . kurdish security forces respond to an explosion at the pedestrian entrance to the us consulate complex . 