the night that ryan poston was shot dead by his on-again , off-again girlfriend he was supposed to meet a former miss ohio 2012 beauty queen for a date , an ohio court heard on thursday . audrey bolte , who also finished runner-up in miss usa , told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive . that was because shayna hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly ' cackled ' with glee claimed a cellmate of the accused , who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars . scroll down for video . testimonny : audrey bolte told the ohio court she was expecting to see mr. poston but he failed to arrive for their date . date : audrey bolte ( pictured left at the miss usa pageant in 2012 and right as winner of miss ohio 2012 ) in was supposed to meet ryan poston on the night he was shot by his girlfriend . ' i found him very entertaining , and that led me to accept an invite to go on a date with him , ' bolte testified . prosecutors allege that hubers shot poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her . hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense . her trial began on monday and during that time , hubers has been held at the campbell county jail in newport . her romer cellmate testified to the court that hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges . ' did she ever laugh ? ' commonwealth 's attorney michelle snodgrass asked cecily miller according to cincinnati.com . ' oh , yes . ' ' about what ? ' ' about shooting him in the face and giving him the nose job he always wanted , ' said miller . ' that 's what bothered me – she cackled . ' trial : shayna hubers attends her murder trail in campbell , ohio . hubers is charged with murder in the shooting death of her boyfriend , ryan poston . gallows humor : jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with hubers , in which the woman , then 21 , said poston was ' vain ' and she gave him the ' nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face . miller said that hubers realized she was too intelligent to plead insanity , ' so she was going to plead battered wife syndrome . ' lisa and peter carter , who raised poston said that their son was concerned about ending things with hubers . he said to me , ' my biggest issue is … shayna is always around , '' said peter carter , according to cincinnati.com . ' he said , ' i do n't know what to do to get her to leave . '' ' i told him to make sure that he was kind to shayna and to be honest with her about what was going on , ' he said . ' i told him to be direct , but to be kind . ' however , carter said he never got to find out the answer because poston died the next night . also on the stand was vernon west , who lived in the condo below poston with his wife doris . they testified they returned home at around 8.30pm and heard a woman crying on a balcony above . troubled : poston 's family described his relationship with hubers , left , as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it . west said that she returned inside the home at around 8.50pm and then he heard two pops that at first he thought were fireworks and then four more and then a thud . ' the first two shots , i thought might have been fireworks , ' vernon west testified according to cincinnati.com . ' but a few seconds later , i heard four shots , and i knew that was n't fireworks . ' vernon west also said that they did not hear a physical fight or arguing before the shots . hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ' the nose job he wanted . ' on the first day of testimony tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant 's interview with police following the slaying . ' he was screaming at me at the top of his lungs after he had thrown me around the room , ' the woman told a detective sitting across from her , reported cincinnati.com . ' i shot him enough times to kill him , ' she said , ' so that he would n't suffer ... he was laying there , twitching and making noises , and i shot him in the head . ' i was watching him die . it was painful to watch him die and to know that i had done that , ' reported wcpo . hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ' vain ' about his looks . ' i shot him right here , ' she said in the video as she pointed to her nose . ' i gave him his nose job he wanted . ' gun-toting girlfriend : shayna hubers ( left ) , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old ryan poston . prosecutors argued that the woman intentionally shot the attorney six times across a table , including once in the face , after poston tried to end their relationship . hubers ' attorneys have maintained that their client shot poston to protect herself . during questioning , hubers explained to detectives that she went to poston 's home ' with the best intentions ' not to kill him , but to convince him to work out their differences and mend their relationship . but when she arrived , poston allegedly ' resorted to violence . ' the woman said the lawyer made fun of her speaking voice , insulted her family , and physically assaulted her by pushing and dragging her around . she detailed how the 29-year-old victim allegedly pushed her down against the arm of the couch and threw her against furniture in the moments before the first shot rang out . ' he said , ' you 're just a hillbilly from kentucky . ' and i am . i guess the hillbilly came out in me , and i took up for myself , ' she told police in the recording played in court . hubers ' trial is expected to last two weeks . she is being held in jail on $ 1.5million bond . ryan poston graduated from salmon p. chase college of law , northern kentucky university in 2008 , following in the footsteps of his grandfather and uncle . in may 2012 , he started his own law practice specializing in personal injury cases in downtown cincinnati , ohio . his family and friends have described him as a bright and hard-working young lawyer who had a promising future ahead of him . he is survived by his parents and three sisters . hubers graduated from lexington 's paul laurence dunbar high school in 2009 . in the fall of 2010 , she made the dean 's list at the university of kentucky as a sophomore psychology major . zevely said she is close with her parents , and her mother spent the day with her in northern kentucky prior to the shooting .