tousled hair . check . five o'clock shadow across a lantern jaw . check . a hint of fresh sweat ? check . the current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ' pretty but gritty ' look that makes colin firth 's erstwhile mr darcy look positively hygienic . shows such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal and asking them to get down and dirty for their art , much to the delight of watching female fans . battle of the breeches ! actor kit harington ( left ) , clad in leather , plays jon snow in the hit hbo fantasy series game of thrones . and the dimly-lit period setting - think candlelight and flaming torches - only serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks . aidan turner is leading the way as captain ross poldark in the bbc 's much talked-about sunday night offering . so enthralled are the viewing public by the irish actor 's good looks and rippling physique - which he shows off in plenty of topless scenes - that several twitter handles have been dedicated to parts of poldark 's anatomy . ongoing hbo success , game of thrones has caused a similar loin-stirring frenzy among those watching with characters such as jon snow and jaime lannister perfecting the tender but rugged look . time travel drama , outlander , based on the books by diana gabaldon , flings main character claire randall into the arms of 18th century highland warrior jamie fraser , played by sam heughan . the handsome scotsman admits he has found the ensuing attention overwhelming . and flying the flag for nordic hunks is travis fimmel , who stars in the show vikings , which charts the tumultuous rise of viking king ragnar lothbrok . with his shaved hair , beard and quiff , fimmel could be mistaken for a london hipster were he not pretending to be a norse seafarer . so who are the actors behind this new breed of slightly grubby yet thoroughly enticing sex symbol ? and do they ever wash their hair ? we dig a little deeper below : scroll down for video . stubble and swashbuckling : 2015 is all about the unkempt hunk . leading the way is ' poldark and handsome ' aidan turner . poldark . aidan turner continues to get the nation 's ladies a little breathless in his role as captain ross poldark for the bbc . the star , pretty much an unknown before the hit show , has been catapulted into the spotlight with his ' poldark and handsome ' appeal responsible for soaring viewing figures . irishman aidan has stoked the fires somewhat himself by offering up some of the bbc beauty secrets that have transformed him into winston graham 's hero . aiden admitted to using baby oil to show off his well-honed pecs and even a slick of eyeliner to make his deep brown eyes stand out . although the actor wo n't be drawn on his chest hair , his man rug does appear to have been pruned ... ensuring poldark is pretty but still gritty . the other jon snow : with his wild locks and leather outfits , actor kit harington has stolen hearts in game of thrones , pictured above with co-star rose leslie . hot metal : danish actor nikolaj coster-waldau played wild-man jaime lannister in game of thrones . game of thrones . actors kit harington and nikolaj coster-waldau have brought this medieval fantasy epic to a whole new audience with their wild man antics . not entirely dissimilar to aidan turner in looks , kit harington plays jon snow ( no , not the tie-sporting channel 4 news presenter ) in the hbo fantastical series and matches a smattering of stubble with dark curls and puppy dog eyes . the star has admitted to having a ' baby face underneath all of this fuzz ' and that he has to stay away from the shampoo for the role , sometimes for as long as up to six weeks . describing his less-than-attentive hair regime , he told gq magazine last year : ' i like it to look greasy and medieval . ' he admits his locks get ' very tangled ' and by the end of a six-week shoot , they look ' pretty horrible . ' co-star nikolaj coster-waldau , who plays bearded brute jaime lannister , has something of the sean bean in lady chatterley 's lover about him . until series four when jamie lost his right hand , his character was known as the best sword fighter in the world , cue lots of swashbuckling and rolling around in mud ... all usually by torchlight . the disheveled , combative image may have been toned down a little but fans continue to trip off his every word ... all of which seem to be spoken in perfect english , despite the fact that coster-waldau is danish . tartan has never looked so good : sam heughan plays scottish warrior jamie fraser in outlander , the adaptation of diana gabaldon 's time-travel novels . not a hair product in sight : sam 's looks are left free to curl any which way they choose in outlander . outlander . sam heughan plays fierce-yet-tender scottish warrior jamie fraser in outlander , the adaptation of diana gabaldon 's time-travel novels . with a thick highland accent , jamie wears a kilt and faces all that a scottish soldier living 300 years ago might have had to , from being flung from a horse to having the skin flayed from his back . as a laird-turned-fighter , jamie 's key look is ' mucking out the horses ' , all while wearing a skirt . his knees seem to permanently covered in mud . of his kilt-wearing , dashing actor sam has admitted that he liked the experience . he said previously : ' i thoroughly enjoy it . when i do have to put trousers on now , i sort of refuse and stomp my feet because riding a horse in a kilt is very liberating , very freeing actually . ' and very comfortable . also , should you ever need to do a nature relief , go to the restroom behind a tree , it 's very quick , it 's very easy . i recommend it for everyone . ' swoon ! australian actor travis fimmel in vikings has come a long way since his days modelling underwear for calvin klein ... but would you mistake him for a hipster if was wearing a tight , white t-shirt ? travis first shot to fame in 2002 as the face of calvin klein 's famous men 's underwear range . his billboard posters were said to have caused traffic pile-ups in america , while the then 23-year-old became the first male model to be signed exclusively by calvin klein for an entire year , earning him a six-figure sum . vikings . former calvin klein underwear model travis fimmel , 35 , might not look out of place wandering down shoreditch high street when he 's dressed up as viking king ragnar lothbrok . with his hair shaved on the sides , a full beard on his chin and a greased-up quiff atop his head , there 's certainly a distinct whiff of the hipster look him about when in character . if the clang of chain metal floats your boat then this viking family saga is brimming with rugged idols . not that fimmel particularly cares for his looks . previously known for his long hair , perfectly groomed appearance , six-pack and bulging underpants in the calvin klein days , the actor does n't mind how he looks onscreen these days . he told femail : ' i don’t give a s*** about that . we’ve got a whole team to make us look good . ' if anything the actor finds the deliberate dressing up something of a chore . he said : ' my hair takes 40 minutes and the costume takes 20 minutes to get into . it means i have to get up an hour earlier in the morning . ' 