alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis . a woman posted tens of thousands of tweets supporting isis which included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons . alaa abdullah esayed , from south london , uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 , included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in syria which she uploaded to her instagram account . her tweets also included a poem ' mother of the martyr ' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad . esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications . she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences . the 22-year-old posted around 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers . the iraqi national refused to stand while the charges were read out . esayed was arrested on june 3 2014 , and was granted bail at an earlier hearing . she appeared wearing the full face veil , alongside her father , and spoke only to enter her guilty pleas . she admitted encouraging terrorism by publishing the posts , together with photographs and video links which she ' intended or was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or convention offences . ' a second charge accused her of disseminating terrorist publications . both offences carry maximum penalties of seven years in prison . in her basis of plea miss esayed , said : ' i accept i published a series of posts on twitter and instagram and in doing so i was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or [ european ] convention offences . the 22-year-old appeared at the old bailey in a large coat and hood , wearing a veil in the courtroom . esayed admitted encouraging children to take up weapons and fight for isis in the thousands of posts . ' i accept that via my twitter account i provided a service to others that enables them to obtain , read listen to or look at a terrorist publication , namely by providing links to poems and other propaganda and at the time of doings so i was reckless as to whether members of the public would be directly or indirectly encouraged or otherwise induced by the statement to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism or convention offences . ' esayed will be sentenced on may 18 and was released on conditional bail .  