memories of drunken escapades may make us blush , but now a computer can use similar facial flushes to recognise people who have had one drink too many . greek researchers created the algorithm , which determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose . and they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition . researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . the scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober ( left ) and drunken images ( right ) pixel-by-pixel ( a single pixel is shown above the left eyebrow ) . researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example . many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system . when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush . alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature . thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example . in the study , the researchers found that the temperature of the forehead and to a lesser extent , the nose , is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy . while the alcohol got some volunteers more tipsy than others , they all had a blood alcohol content of at least 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood . this figure is the drink driving limit in scotland as well as most european countries – but slightly below the english and welsh limit of 80 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood . the scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel . they found that the temperature of the forehead , and to a lesser extent the nose , is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 per cent accuracy . the scientists wrote in the study , published in the journal forensic journal international : ‘ it was found that it was mainly the face forehead that changed thermal behaviour with alcohol consumption . ' the algorithm worked even on faces that it hadn’t been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober . many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol , caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system . they found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a person’s drunken state , and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90 % accuracy . red squares in these images of two drunk people reveal the areas which can be used to discriminate between drunk and sober most effectively . a sober participant 's face is shown left , while the same participant 's face is pictured right after he had been drinking . the algorithm worked even on faces that it hadn’t been trained on , and without comparing them to images of people when they were sober . when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow , which causes some people to flush . alcohol also affects the hypothalamus , which regulates the body 's temperature . just three hours behind the wheel at night can make motorists drive as badly as if they were drunk , scientists claim . driver tiredness after a few hours has the same effect as being over the drink-driving limit , a 2011 study revealed . even two hours of motorway driving in the dark can affect performance so severely it is the same as having a couple of drinks . it 's estimated that one-fifth of all traffic accidents are due to sleepiness behind the wheel and one in three people admit to nodding off while driving at night . the researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers . it could perhaps work in tandem with other technology to stop a car from being able to be driven . scientists in germany are already working on a way to stop drink drivers getting behind the wheel by analysing their speechm for example . they announced in december they have created the first library of drunk speech patterns , which could be used to predict drunkenness by listening for vocal cues . called the alcohol language corpus , the database was made by researchers from ludwig maximilian university of munich and the institute of legal medicine between 2007 and 2009 by giving people too much alcohol to drink , before recording conversations conducted in a stopped car , where the drunk person was sitting in the passenger seat . there are currently conversations from 162 german men and women in the publicly-available audio database . while the alcohol got some more tipsy than others , all the volunteers in the study had a blood alcohol content of 50 milligrams of alcohol in every 100 millilitres of blood , which is the drink driving limit in scotland as well as most european countries . a stock image illustrating drink driving is shown . the researchers hope their technology could be used by the police to spot intoxicated people who might start trouble at football matches , for example and say it could be installed in cars and lorries to spot potential drink drivers . currently , breathalyzers ( pictured ) are used to measure alcohol content . from this , an algorithm capable of detecting whether someone is drunk by listening in on slurring speech patterns , was created by computer scientists at queens college and columbia university . they found they could detect drunken speech patterns much like identifying an accent . drunken speech hallmarks include stammering and stuttering . voices also tend to rise in pitch and words begin to slur , they said . it is hoped that the software could be used alongside devices such as locks and immobilisers to make it impossible for people to drive when drunk – perhaps by asking them a few questions while analysing the driver’s voice . ‘ the cars themselves could listen to the driver , detect that the potential driver is intoxicated , and prevent the car from starting , ’ the researchers explained .