they 're two words that strike fear into parents ' hearts and leave the entire family exhausted and emotional : temper tantrum . these outbursts can be triggered by anything from being refused an ice cream to frustration at an early bedtime . now a new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv , reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down . scroll down for video . when i 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one child , explaining what goes on in his head when he starts to feel angry . a group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on super soul sunday , oprah 's emmy award-winning tv series . and while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults , it seems children are also benefiting from it . the video titled , what children can teach us about anger , is described as showing that ' you 're never too old , or too young , to discover mindfulness and let anger go . ' in this short , we hear from children who have already learned a life-changing lesson - taking a deep breath can change your whole world . ' talking about what happens in their minds when they get angry , the children in the video explain how it 's easy to feel out of control . ' when i 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one . mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well being . and it seems that you 're never too young to learn the art . learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger . ' my brain slows down and then i feel more calm , and then i 'm ready to speak , ' explains one child already using the technique . ' first , you find a place where you can be alone . then you find some way to relax and calm down , ' says another little girl , explaining how she uses mindfulness techniques to combat feelings of anger . while another goes into more detail about his temper : ' your blood keeps pumping because you 're really mad . you start to get sweaty because you 're getting really , really mad . and then when you start getting really mad , you turn red . ' one little girl offers up an analogy to explain her anger , using a jam jar and glitter . ' it 's kind of like if you had a jar . the jar would be your brain , and then you put glitter in the jar . ' if you shook up the jar and the glitter went everywhere , that would be how your mind looks . ' these children all seem to have the presence of mind to know what to do when they find themselves lost in a passion . ' first , you find a place where you can be alone . then you find some way to relax and calm down , ' explains one little girl . ' my brain slows down and then i feel more calm , and then i 'm ready to speak , ' explains another girl , who appears to have mastered the art of mindfulness at a remarkably young age . others expand on how to use deep breaths to refocus the mind . ' your blood keeps pumping because you 're really mad . you start to get sweaty because you 're getting really , really mad . and then when you start getting really mad , you turn red , ' says one child , struggling with anger . ' i breathe in through my nose , ' explains one , while another adds that she likes to close her eyes while taking deep breaths . ' my brain slows down and then i feel more calm , and then i 'm ready to speak , ' explains the youngster who used the glitter analogy . ' it 's like all the sparkles are at the bottom of your brain . ' defined by the nhs as paying more attention to the present moment , and to your own thoughts and feelings , mindfulness is fast becoming a tool for the masses . ' my brain slows down and then i feel more calm , and then i 'm ready to speak , ' explains a little girl who appears to have mastered the art of mindfulness at a very young age . studies claim that adopting a more ' mindful ' approach to life can not only reduce your daily stress , but prolong your mental health . it 's also a key tool in helping people deal with their feelings of anger and frustration . mark williams , professor of clinical psychology at the oxford mindfulness centre , explained that the technique can allows us to ' become more aware of the stream of thoughts and feelings that we experience ' . adding that by taking the time to consider what we 're really feeling , and why , can help to quickly diffuse reactions and behaviour that are ' unhelpful ' or unpleasant .