under legal pressure , the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to , from or within the united states . the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list and a second time for an unclassified explanation of why he or she is on the list . in some cases , the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns . the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government 's counterterrorism efforts since the september 2001 terror attacks . grounded or not grounded ? under legal pressure , the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to , from or within the u.s . above the security line at new york john f kennedy international airport in october . but the american civil liberties union , which has been challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list in an ongoing federal lawsuit , said the changes do n't go far enough in giving travelers the legal due process they are entitled to , including seeing the evidence held against them and getting an opportunity to challenge it . the explanations provided to six travelers so far , which were mandated by a federal judge , have been inadequate , the aclu said . for instance , in a letter to new jersey resident amir meshal , the government 's explanation for his inclusion on the list was based on information the fbi obtained from meshal when he was detained in africa in 2007 , aclu attorney hina shamsi said . the aclu considers meshal 's detention to be unlawful and said he suffered abuse . ' from the face of the letter , a neutral decision-maker would have no idea whatsoever that any of that occurred , ' said shamsi . the justice department declined to comment on the specific constitutionality challenges because of the ongoing lawsuit . justice department spokeswoman nicole navas said , ' we are committed to a process that protects americans from terrorist threats while respecting privacy and safeguarding civil liberties . ' last fall , there were about 64,000 people on the no-fly list , according to the government . typically , less than 5 per cent of those on the list are americans . the list fluctuates in size . previously , the government 's policy was never to confirm or deny that a person actually is on list , citing national security concerns . in most instances , travelers assume they are on the list because they are instructed to go through additional screening at airports or because they are told they ca n't board their flights . travelers have been able to appeal their presumed placement on the list since 2007 . only a small percentage of appeals the government receives each year have been from travelers actually on the list , the government has said . the tsa gets between 15,000 and 20,000 requests a year , and less than 1 per cent of those are actually from people on the no-fly list , said homeland security spokeswoman marsha catron . in 2014 , a federal judge in portland , oregon , required that the government notify 13 plaintiffs challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list of their status on the list , and seven were told they were not on the list . the government provided explanations to the six plaintiffs it confirmed were on the no-fly list , including meshal . one of the explanations included just a ' single cryptic sentence about alleged travel to a foreign country , ' according a court document filed earlier this year . the letters to the six plaintiffs on the no-fly list have been redacted on the public court docket to protect the plaintiffs ' reputations , shamsi said . ' the government had an opportunity to come up with a fair process but failed , so we 're challenging it in court again , ' shamsi said . the tsa will continue to handle the petitions under the new policy . the changes are not yet in effect , and have so far only been applied to the 13 plaintiffs in the portland lawsuit , but the homeland security department said it expects them be in place soon . catron said individual requests should take months to process , not years . ' these enhancements continue to ensure that individuals who are deemed to be a threat to our aviation security are prohibited from boarding a flight within , or bound for , the united states , ' catron said .