a grandfather who could n't afford his own cruiser has come up with an innovative solution - putting his caravan on a boat and taking it out on the water . peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ' catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside . he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising , and he could n't buy a bigger vessel , so two years ago he built the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce . bizarre : this ' catamavan ' , a cross between a boat and a caravan , has been spotted on the river swale in kent . the catamavan has an oven , fridge freezer , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables , and it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots . hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls , so the boat wo n't sink even if it gets a hole as he travels up and down the same stretch of river . mr thurston said : ' i wanted something that had a nice , stable platform and was really comfortable because all my boats are quite cramped . ' i 've got a number of yachts and if you have ever been in a yacht you will know that you can never see out the window . project : peter thurston started building the unusual vessel while he was doing through a divorce . ' in the swale you get lovely nights and mornings but sometimes it 's a bit cold to sit outside and have a meal so you eat below deck and do n't get any views . ' i could n't afford a cabin cruiser , the sort of thing you need to have big windows and eat outside , so this was a better alternative because i did n't have to spend so much money and i could make it whatever size i wanted . ' i sleep on it regularly during the summer but in the winter it 's quite cold , although i do check on it regularly . ' peter says he spent around £4,000 building the hull and added : ' most of it was done flat pack at home . ' then i took the catamaran down to the ship yard and we lifted the caravan onto it . ' it is not intended to go fast and it only has a small engine but it still goes about four knots . ' i also did it because when i was down at the harbour all day working on my boats it would give me somewhere to stay the night . ' you are allowed to anchor anywhere along the swale unless it is a restricted area and there 's nothing wrong in what i 've done . ' the father of four keeps the catamaran anchored in conyer , kent , which is 19 miles away from his home in herne bay . mr thurston said he started his project after the break-up of his marriage and began building the boat in his front garden before moving it to a local boatyard . ' i started building it as a bit of a distraction really , ' he said . ' it gave me something to focus on because things were n't going well back home . home : the catamavan cruises up and down the river swale in kent , near mr thurston 's home . ' i used to build paragliders and para-motors and i have always worked on boats , but i wanted to do something a bit different . ' a spokesman for the marine and coastguard agency said it was unclear whether or not the vessel is legal , but added that it appears to be seaworthy . she said that officials would only investigate mr thurston if they receive an official complaint .