isis was removed from the official list of future pacific hurricane names by the un 's world meteorological organization , a wmo spokeswoman announced on friday . the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the un 's world meteorological organization . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for 2016 . the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile because of the storm ( above ) . isis is also used to describe the islamic state militant group , whose forces have captured large swathes of iraq and syria . the group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by un war crimes investigators . spokeswoman clare nullis said from geneva : ' the hurricane committee removed the name isis from the rotating list and agreed to replace it with ivette . ' ' names are knocked off the list , which rotates every six years , if they are considered inappropriate if they caused too much damage and too much death . ' she added that this was not the case with isis . the wmo has rotating lists of storm names for various regions that run from a to z alternating between male and female . the proposal by the wmo regional center was endorsed by the committee . the group , which is composed of experts from 27 member states and territories , was meeting in costa rica this week . isis stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by un war crimes investigators . the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile and decided on odalys as its replacement to be used for the 2020 season . odile hit the popular beach resorts of baja california last september , stranding thousands of tourists , knocking out power and causing heavy flooding . ' tropical cyclone activity during the 2014 eastern north pacific hurricane season was well above normal , ' according to the wmo . ' most of the tropical cyclones formed from tropical waves which moved from the caribbean sea to the eastern north pacific . ' of the 20 tropical storms that formed , 14 became hurricanes , and eight reached major hurricane strength . ' the hurricane total is the second highest on record for the basin and the number of major hurricanes ties the record for the most . ' by comparison , the 1981-2010 averages are 15 tropical storms , eight hurricanes and four major hurricanes . '