these shocking photographs reveal the terrible toll the nepal earthquake has had on some of the country 's most beautiful and historic landmarks . the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture . but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning . scroll down for videos . destruction : the dharahara tower , which was first built in 1832 , has been almost completely obliterated by nepal 's earthquake . historic : the now-destroyed tower was a unesco world heritage site until its destruction this weekend . before : the kathmandu durbar square , at the heart of nepal 's capital , is full of temples and historic houses with their distinctive roofs . after : the square is now piled with rubble after tall temples were brought down by the force of the earthquake . more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below , while enormous avalanches on mount everest left climbers dead . one of the most prominent landmarks to be destroyed by the earthquake was the dharahara tower , also known at the bhimsen tower , which has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years of standing in kathmandu . the 200ft tower was built in 1832 by prime minister bhimsen thapa as a gift to the queen , who was also his niece . it had to be rebuilt after a previous earthquake in 1934 , but the latest disaster has left the tower as nothing more than a stump , killing scores of people who were trapped inside at the time . destination : another view of the kathmandu durbar square shows how it was a thriving hub for the city . reconstruction : policemen were sent in to the square after it was badly affected by the quake . venerable : the durbar high school in the square is a neo-classical building which was shabby but grand before the earthquake . debris : the school is now surrounded by bricks shaken from the building in the quake . heritage : the bhaktapur durbar square , pictured before the quake , is another one of the three main public spaces in the kathmandu area . piles : the square in bhaktapur has rubble heaped up after its ancient temples were damaged . kathmandu 's three ' durbar squares ' , the courtyards outside the city 's old royal palaces , were devastated by the earthquake , with historic temples razed to the ground by the shocks . in the largest , known as the kathmandu durbar square , rubble was piled up today after a large stepped temple was obliterated in the quake . images of the durbar squares in patan and bhaktapur , on the outskirts of kathmandu , were also devastated by the shocks . the streets of bhaktapur were impassable because of the rubble which lay several feet deep , with fragments of religious sculptures among the stonework on the ground . in patan , a temple had its tower broken in half , while the square was strewn with bricks . centre : the patan durbar square , pictured before the disaster , is the third major hub of the historic royal family which has been devastated . shock : religious sculptures were lying on the ground in patan after the temples they were once part of collapsed . decapitated : a statue of the hindu deity garud was knocked off its pedestal at patan durbar square . crooked : the stupa of a temple was almost completely ripped off by the force of the quake . holy : the syambhunaath stupa , known as the monkey temple , is pictured left before and right after the quake . witness : a monk surveys the aftermath of the quake , which left the main building untouched . the syambhunaath stupa , known as the ' monkey temple ' which stands on a hill above the capital , also suffered severe damage . while the complex 's main golden tower was thankfully untouched , many other temple buildings were totally destroyed . the buddhist site dates back 1,500 years , and is considered one of the holiest places in the world for residents of neighbouring tibet . the 7.8 magnitude quake struck just before midday yesterday , sending tremors through the kathmandu valley and the nearby city of pokhara . busy : the packed streets of kathmandu pictured as they were before the disaster . damage : a huge crack opened in the middle of the highway after the earthquake . the majority of fatalities were reported in nepal , with deaths also being confirmed in india , tibet , bangladesh and the nepal-china border . about an hour after the initial quake , a magnitude 6.6 aftershock hit and smaller aftershocks could be felt through the region for hours . rescuers are still battling to save the lives of those trapped in the rubble , while climbers on everest are waiting to be rescued by helicopter .