less than a week since it smashed its previous speeds , the so-called japanese bullet train has entered the record books once more . the seven-car maglev - short for ' magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph ( 603 km/h ) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph ( 600km/h ) during a test run near mount fuji . the run beat last week 's speeds of 366mph ( 590kph ) , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph ( 581km/h ) . scroll down for video . the seven-car maglev ( pictured ) - short for ' magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph ( 603 km/h ) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph ( 600km/h ) during a run near mount fuji . it beat last week 's speeds of 366mph ( 590kph ) , which in turn beat the train 's previous record of 361mph ( 581km/h ) the train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway . it hovers four inches ( 10cm ) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets . the technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail . owner central japan railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join tokyo and the central city of nagoya - a distance of 177 miles ( 286km ) . the speeds , however , wo n't be as high when the new line between tokyo and nagoya comes into service . maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore reduces friction , providing a faster and quieter service . acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains . and maglev also makes for much smoother journeys . right now speeds are limited at up to 400 kilometres ( 250 miles ) per hour due to the excessive air resistance encountered at these speeds . but vacuum tube designs could allow them to travel over seven times faster in the future . according to engineers , the trains will travel at 314mph ( 505km/h ) - but this will still cut the journey time for the journey by more than half . for comparison , the uk 's hs2 rail line will run at 224mph ( 360km/h ) . by 2045 , maglev trains are expected to link tokyo and osaka in just 67 minutes , slashing the journey time in half . the maglev trains are expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time . japan is well-established as the world leader in high-speed trains , having developed the first ' bullet train ' in 1964 . it is now hoping to bring the technology to the us and has outlined plans for a line between washington and baltimore , which will cut travel times between the cities to just 15 minutes . maglev was first proposed as a method to propel trains as far back as the mid 20th century . the first commercial maglev train to come into operation was a relatively low-speed shuttle at birmingham international airport in 1984 . this travelled at a rather mundane 26mph ( 42km/hr ) . it was not until the turn of the century , though , that high-speed maglev would come into commercial operation , mostly in japan and china . maglev trains ( pictured ) hover four inches ( 10cm ) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service . acceleration and deceleration far exceeds that of conventional trains . china was the first country to have a commercially-operated maglev service . the shanghai maglev opened to the public in january 2004 , and has a top commercial operational speed of 268mph due to the short track length.it cost $ 1.3billion ( £830million ) to build . manufacturers claim that maglev technology is less polluting than the flights that currently link the cities . but not everyone is convinced that the technology is safe . andy kunz , president of the us high speed rail association . told the los angeles times that maglev trains have proved to be expensive , power-intensive , and potentially unsafe . ' the problem is if you have one tiny little settling of the earth - which happens all the time because of plate tectonics - that can create little movements in the maglev system , which can send trains crashing into stuff , ' he said . by 2045 maglev trains ( example pictured ) are expected to link tokyo and osaka in just one hour and seven minutes , slashing the journey time in half . the maglev trains are set to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time . owner central japan railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join tokyo and nagoya - a distance of 177 miles ( 286km ) . the speeds , however , wo n't be as high when the new line comes into service . according to engineers , the trains will travel at 314mph ( 505km/h ) - but this will cut the journey time by more than half . ' it 's a very difficult system to make operational . ' a new development called super-maglev could be set to push the limits even higher . last year , china 's first manned megathermal superconducting maglev was been tested successfully by the applied superconductivity laboratory of southwest jiaotong university . the technology works by using a vacuum tube to decrease the speed limitations imposed by air resistance on regular maglev trains . ' ett ( evacuated tube transport ) systems might allow hts maglev trains to attain speeds in a new order of magnitude , such as super-high 3,000km ( 1,800 miles ) per hour , which could be applied to some military or space launch systems , ' the researchers write . pictured on the left is a test model maglev train from 2003 . on the right , the new hokuriku ' shinkansen ' , or bullet train , bound for tokyo heading out of kanazawa station in ishikawa prefecture on 14 march .