president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay , lesbian and transgender youth . the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn . the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures . the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy . end to conversion therapy : president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay , lesbian and transgender youth . the petition : the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn with over 120,000 signatures . in a statement late wednesday , white house senior adviser valerie jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors . ' we share your concern about its potentially devastating effects on the lives of transgender as well as gay , lesbian , bisexual and queer youth , ' jarrett said . ' the overwhelming scientific evidence demonstrates that conversion therapy , especially when it is practiced on young people , is neither medically nor ethically appropriate and can cause substantial harm . ' the white house is not explicitly calling for congressional legislation to ban the therapies nationwide . but jarrett 's statement highlighted states that have outlawed the practice and expressed hope that there will be broader action . the white house says lawmakers in 18 states have introduced legislation similar to measures already in place in california , new jersey and washington , d.c . the laws ban licensed professionals from using conversion therapy on minors . the american psychiatric association has long opposed conversion therapy , which the organization says is based on the assumption that homosexuality is a mental disorder . suicide : leelah alcorn 's ( pictured ) death spurred the white house petition with many signatures . alcorn , the ohio teen whose death spurred the white house petition , had gained an online following through her tumblr posts . she wrote about depression and isolation , lamented that her life would only get worse , and expressed frustration that her parents wanted her to be ' their perfect little straight christian boy . ' she said she was taken to ' christian therapists ' who were ' very biased . ' mara keisling , the executive director of the national center for transgender equality , welcomed obama 's statement . ' having president obama and the weight of the white house behind efforts to ban conversion therapy is so critical in the fight for transgender and lgb young people , ' keisling said in a statement . ' my hope is that when a transgender person 's struggle is acknowledged by one of the most recognizable figures in the world , it positively changes the way they view themselves . the pseudo-science that propels conversion therapy can not match the self-acceptance that comes with this kind of change ' .  