sweeping is a tedious task but now a new ‘ smart bin’ could help save you from all that bending down with a dust pan . the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush , turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess . the bruno smartcan ( pictured ) uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum . it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord . bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags , and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish . developed by inventors jim howard and lori montag , from tulsa , oklahoma , the bin is able to clean up dog hair and spilt breakfast cereal and crumbs , sucking it up directly into the bin bag . it is the perfect invention for the house proud - a substance that means clothes will never stain , glass will not mist and kitchen surfaces automatically shed their germs . scientists have developed a ‘self-cleaning’ coating that can be sprayed onto materials . the substance , made out of coated titanium dioxide nanoparticles , works because it is very , very water resistant . any moisture which touches it turns into a ball and rolls away , cleaning up dust in its path . the breakthrough , by chemists at university college london , comes after years of research into highly water-resistant - or ‘superhydrophobic’ - substances . it also features a motion sensitive hands-free lid that opens automatically . the inventors said : ‘ bruno and its patents pending technologies have been many months in the making . ‘ the powerful vortex vacuum feature will deliver every dog hair , cheerio and grain of dirt directly into the trash bag . ‘ no more stopping , no more scooping , just place the broom in front of the vacuum inlet to start the suction and bruno will do the rest . ‘ bruno will also remind you to take the trash out on trash day , and alert you when you are low on bruno bags . ’ the pair is hoping to attract support for their invention on kickstarter . they said the bruno ‘smartcan’ can run for 30 days on its battery before needing to be recharged .  dust swept close to the base of the bruno smartcan activates the vacuum , which sucks it directly into the bin . the vacuum is powerful enough so suck up spilt breakfast cereal , dust and hair , while its integrated bag dispenser knows when you need to buy new bags . an extendable recharging cord is built into a flip up section just behind the main lid . users can buy custom-fitted bags for the bruno , which fit into its dispenser , or use standard bin bags . the bin has a capacity of 59 litres ( 13 gallons ) . it is expected to cost $ 248 ( £160 ) , although early buyers can pre-order it for $ 139 ( £90 ) . the bruno bin comes in five colours including white ( above ) and will last for 30 days on a single charge . 