anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round on saturday night , but still was n't happy with his performance . gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in newcastle . but joshua , who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , admitted he was not at his best . anthony joshua lands a left hand on jason gavern on his way to another convincing victory . joshua dropped gavern twice in the second round and twice in the third on his way to victory . ' i had a bit of ring rust so couldn’t display everything i have been doing in the gym , ' he said after his 11th professional victory . ' but once the momentum gets going i will be able to display some more shots , some more sharp shooting . ' i have boxed in glasgow , manchester , liverpool , london and i have to say newcastle is right up there with the crowd , so a big thank you to the fans tonight . ' there are a lot of expectations and jason is a very awkward opponent . he’s a slippery customer and he is there to make me look back and he did a good job of that . ' i have a job to do and that is get a win . if i can start pushing to british titles , european titles step by step these fights won’t really mean anything when i am experienced and a champion . ' joshua jolted his opponent with a left hook in the opening round although gavern showed all his experience in frustrating his younger foe . joshua experienced few problems on his way to another routine victory in newcastle . joshua stands over the fallen gavern as he boxed in front of the newcastle crowd for the first time . gavern did hit the canvas midway through the second after a short straight left although the 37-year-old complained he had taken a blow to the back of his head . he was on the canvas again after a brutal right hand followed by another left found its mark , but gavern got up and defiantly raised his right hand . he was merely delaying the inevitable , though , and a flurry early in the third had him down once more before joshua finished the job with yet another punishing left , as gavern was this time unable to beat the count . joshua will now face the toughest test of his career when he takes on kevin johnson next month . ' johnson has same type of style as jason ; he was a defensive puzzle to unfold but i slowly broke him down and same with kevin johnson , ' he added . ' there are two sides to a fight , the first six and the second six . one way or another they will get broken down whether it is in the first half or second half . ' gavern was fighting for the 50th time as a professional but his experience counted for little . 