although once known as one of hollywood 's most infamous bad boys , becoming a father has turned colin farrell into a dedicated family man who puts family before chasing women . having been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties - angelina jolie , demi moore , britney spears , elizabeth taylor - the actor says he 's now hung up his prowling boots . in fact , the 38-year-old has confessed in an interview with the sunday times that not only is he too busy , but he 's not even interested in the chase any longer . scroll down for video . colin farrell has claimed that he 's no longer the womaniser we once knew , and has n't dated in four years . the 38-year-old actor says that he 's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career ( pictured here in the upcoming second series of true detective ) and being a good father to his two sons james and henry . what 's occupying so much time for the man who was once nicknamed the ' lusty leprechaun ' ? the irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of hbo 's true detective . he 's also the face of the new dolce & gabbana fragrance intenso . however he insists that his time now is dedicated to clean living and seeing his two sons james padraig , 11 , and henry tadeusz , five . it 's a far more wholesome lifestyle for colin who confesses he 's glad that his drink and drug-fuelled days are behind him . he 's now branded his arrival in hollywood circa 2002 as ' too much ' to handle in his early 20s , and he 's now not only completely sober - he even enjoys a spot of yoga . britney spears accompanied colin farrell to the premiere of film the recruit during the height of his party-hard lifestyle . the pair both denied any romance however , claiming they were ' just mates ' . and his love life is firmly on the backburner . asked if he had any women his life , he replied : ' there is not one - zilch , nada . ' even more surprising however , is that after years of being labelled a womaniser , his now celibate - and happy with his unattached status . ' i have not dated for , ooh , four years now . it 's just not happening , what with the work , the kids and my life . ' i know it 's not what people expect to hear , but that 's the honest truth . ' the actor is now a devoted dad and although they live with their mothers ( james with model kim bordenave and henry with ex-wife alicja bachleda-curus ) he sees the boys every weekend . he told the sunday times 's style magazine : ' it 's not all about you any more , which is a relief . it 's about a bigger world , and helping them find their place in it . ' it 's not about '' me , me , me , the loudmouth '' any more - and that takes the pressure off me to live up to those old expectations ' . he is especially protective of james , who has a developmental disorder called angelman syndrome , which causes intellectual and physical disability . on the set of film alexander , colin farrell was reported to have had flirtations with angelina jolie . left : colin married actress amelia warner , now married to fifty shades star jamie dornan , in 2001 in a ceremony in tahiti though the marriage was n't legal ; right : he was also rumoured to have dated demi moore . colin certainly has a colourful dating cv having been linked to a who 's who of actresses , models and movie icons . he and jamie dornan 's wife amelia warner ' married ' in a non-legally binding ceremony in tahiti in 2001 , the following year he dated canadian model kim , and conceived their child james . by the next year he was linked with demi moore , although they 've both denied the affair and in 2003 , britney spears accompanied him to the premiere of his film the recruit but any intimate acquaintance did n't last with colin insisting they were ' just mates ' . angelina jolie is rumoured to have come on to him during the filming of alexander in 2003 , and he is said to have offered to read dame eileen atkins , who was then 70 , a book in bed . she refused . after elizabeth taylor 's death in 2011 colin admitted to being ' romantically ' involved with the actress . doting daddy : colin farrell has spoken in the past about how he has learnt to cope with his eleven-year-old son james ' condition - angelman syndrome , a neuro-genetic disorder which can affect brain development . in 2006 the womaniser was enmeshed in legal proceedings over a leaked sex tape during a brief relationship with former playboy model nicole narain . and three years later he met alicja on the set of ondine . they had baby henry together in 2010 bu split up soon after . the minority report star 's most bizarre liaison , however , was with elizabeth taylor in the last years of her life . he called her ' a spectacular woman ' and described the relationship as ' romantic ' and when she died in 2011 , he read a poem at her funeral . colin farrell was briefly married to ondine co-star alicja bachleda-curuś , the mother of his five-year-old son . colin is now a self-declared family man , pictured here collecting his five-year-old son henry from school . 