hundreds of fishermen race to be rescued from an isolated indonesian island where many were enslaved to catch seafood for western restaurants in these remarkable images . indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety . more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves at the pusaka benjina resources fishing company compound . they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching . burmese fishermen raise their hands as they are asked who among them want to go home at the compound of pusaka benjina resources fishing company in benjina , aru islands , indonesia . these fishermen run to collect their belongings after being informed they can leave the isolated island . two fishermen most likely kept as slaves hug each other as they wait for their boat out of the compound . burmese fishermen raise their hands as they are asked who among them wants to be allowed to go home . ' i will go see my parents , ' said win win ko , 42 , smiling to reveal a mouth full of missing teeth . ' they have n't heard from me , and i have n't heard from them since i left . ' he left impoverished myanmar four years ago on the promise of getting a good job in neighboring thailand , but like many others stranded in the island village of benjina , he was instead duped into getting on a fishing boat that took him thousands of miles from home with no return . he said his four teeth were kicked out by a thai boat captain 's military boots because he was not moving fish fast enough from the deck to the hold below . the current and former slaves began getting news about the rescue as a downpour started , and some ran through the rain . they sprinted back to their boats , jumping over the rails and throwing themselves through windows . they stuffed their meagre belongings into plastic bags and rushed back to the dock , not wanting to be left behind . a small boat went from trawler to trawler picking up men who wanted to go and was soon loaded down with about 30 men . the indonesian delegation began interviewing men on boats and assessing the situation on the island this week . they have been told of the existence of a company graveyard in benjina and of eight fishermen being locked in a company cage . the fishermen described being beaten , kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given taser-like electric shocks . these men can not wait for the boat to take them off benjina where many were beaten , kicked and abused . these men huddle in the rain . an indonesian delegation began interviewing men on boats and assessing the situation on the island this week . burmese fishermen arrive at the compound of pusaka benjina resources to report themselves for departure to leave the fishing company . a fisherman plays with rain water as he waits to leave . more than 300 fishermen emerged from trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip . some said they fell ill and were not given medicine ; others said had been promised jobs in thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents and taken to indonesia , where they were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay . their catch is then shipped back to thailand , where it enters global markets , the associated press reported last month . initially , indonesian officials told about 20 men from myanmar , also known as burma , that they could be moved from benjina to neighboring tual island for their safety following interviews with officials on friday . however , as news spread that some were getting to leave the island , dozens of others started filing in from all over and sitting on the floor . an official was later asked if those hiding in the forest could come as well . ' they can all come , ' said asep burhanuddin , director general of indonesia 's marine resources and fisheries surveillance . ' we do n't want to leave a single person behind . ' foreign fishermen sit on the ground before being questioned by indonesian officials at the compound . many fishermen where were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay . foreign fishermen gather on their boat during an inspection conducted by indonesian officials in benjina . hundreds stuck in a cruel industry rushed at the chance to be rescued from the isolated island . the delegation said security in benjina is limited , with only two indonesian navy officials stationed there . the men crowded onto seven trawlers and will be moved to tual over 24 hours . they will stay at a fisheries ministry compound until their identities can be verified . ' i expected to evacuate all of them , but i did not expect it this soon , ' said ida kusuma , one of the leaders of the fisheries ministry delegation . ' but i think it 's good . ' kusuma said the next step is to coordinate with immigration and their countries of origin . the international organization for migration said last week there could be as many as 4,000 foreign men , many trafficked or enslaved , who are stranded on islands surrounding benjina following a fishing moratorium called by the indonesian fisheries ministry to crack down on poaching . indonesia has some of the world 's richest fishing grounds , and the government estimates billions of dollars in seafood are stolen from its waters by foreign crews every year . many of those leaving benjina on friday were burmese , but about 50 refused to go , saying they had not received their salaries and did not want leave without money . another 50 from cambodia came forward in a group ready to leave . the benjina compound allegedly had a company graveyard in benjina and eight fishermen reported being locked in a cage . the international organization for migration said last week there could be as many as 4,000 foreign men , many trafficked or enslaved , who are stranded on islands surrounding benjina . burmese fishermen carry their meagre belongings with them as they prepare to finally leave the island . officials from myanmar will visit the islands next week to look for more men and start the process of sending them home . thai fishermen will not be transported because they are not seen as a security risk since most of the boat captains in benjina are from thailand , burhanuddin said . officials from thailand visited the island earlier this week , but their trip was focused on finding thai nationals who had been trafficked . they denied mistreatment on the boats and said the crews were all thai , which directly contradicted what the indonesians and the ap found . ' we examined the boats and the crews , and the result is most of the crews are happy and a few of them are sick and willing to go home , ' said thai police lt. gen. saritchai anekwiang , who was leading the delegation . ' generally , the boat conditions are good . ' this is the sort of fishing operation in which the benjina fishermen will have been involved . seafood caught by slaves mixes in with other fish at a number of sites in thailand , including processing plants . some were kept locked up in cages on benjina and forced to catch fish which ends up in us supply chains . slaves use this warehouse in benjina as a makeshift dormitory after finishing shifts that last up to 22 hours . the year-long ap investigation used satellites to track seafood caught by the slaves from a large refrigerated cargo ship in benjina to thailand . the investigation linked the seafood to supply chains of some of america 's largest supermarkets and retailers . the report prompted the us government and major seafood industry leaders to urge thailand to end slavery at sea and to punish those responsible . thailand 's biggest seafood company , thai union frozen products , announced it was cutting ties with a supplier after determining it might be involved with forced labor and other abuses . police are investigating in benjina and will decide whether to prosecute those involved , said kedo arya , head of maluku province prosecutor 's office . while excitement and relief flooded through many of the fishermen assembled on the dock , some carrying suitcases or small rucksacks , others looked scared and unsure of what to expect next . ' i 'm really happy , but i 'm confused , ' said nay hla win , 32 . ' i do n't know what my future is in myanmar . '