conversation is limited to ‘mummy’ and ‘ bye bye’ and simply standing up unaided is a major achievement . but 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics . baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall . their curiosity did not end there . when they were then given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret . scroll down for video . babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity . the babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air . and given it to play with later , they repeatedly dropped it on the floor . importantly , the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before . babies might be smarter than we had previously thought and can understand complex social situations from the age of just 13 months old . a study by psychologists at the university of missouri has found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander . in an experiment with puppets they responded to different scenarios in a way that suggested they were more engaged than had been expected . the findings indicated the newborns had ‘ strong feelings about how people should deal with a character who hits others’ , the researchers said . and they did better than others on a learning test , in which they had to link a specific sound to the ball . this , say the us researchers , suggests that babies learn from the unexpected , something that is important in a world in which we are constantly bombarded with information . professor lisa feigenson , of johns hopkins university in baltimore , said : ‘ for young learners , the world is an incredibly complex place filled with dynamic stimuli . ‘ how do learners know what to focus on and what to learn more about and what to ignore ? ‘ our research suggests that infants use what they already know about the world to form predictions . ‘ when these predictions are shown to be wrong , infants use this as a special opportunity for learning . ‘ when babies are surprised , they learn much better , as though they are taking the occasion to try to figure something out about their world . ’ the professor studied 11-month-olds because they were old enough to sit and watch the ball and to pick it up and play with it . a ball was rolled down a slope and apparently passed through a solid wall in one magic trick in the study . babies repeatedly droped the car after being shown the magic trick as they attempted to learn what happened . however , previous studies have shown that much younger babies and newborn animals have surprising amounts of knowledge about maths and physics , including whether an object should be able to pass through a solid wall . writing in the journal science , she said that some information may be so fundamental to survival that we are born with it . lead author aimee stahl said that young babies are ‘ remarkably sophisticated thinkers’ . she added : ‘it’s easy to look at a baby and see a blank slate but actually babies have rich , sophisticated expectations about the world . ‘ infants are not only equipped with core knowledge about fundamental aspects of the world but , from early in their lives , they harness this knowledge to empower new learning . ’ after seeing the ball trick babies would bang it on the table more as they attempted to uncover its secrets . the graphic above shows the reactions of the babies after seeing magic tricks that defied their expectations . the babies in the study were given choices about the toys they would play with after watching a magic trick . children who can accurately depict the human form at the age of four are more likely to be brighter in their teenage years , according to a study published last summer . psychologists at king’s college london studied pictures drawn by more than 15,000 four-year-olds who were identical ans non-identical twins . those who drew with the most skill were likely to do better in intelligence tests a decade later . the children were asked at the age of four to draw a picture of a child . each figure was scored between 0 and 12 depending on the presence of features such as a head , nose , ears , hair , body and arms . the children were given verbal and non-verbal intelligence tests at the time they completed the drawing , and again at the age of 14 . the researchers found a definite correlation between the drawing scores and the two sets of intelligence scores . dr rosalind arden , of the institute of psychiatry at king’s college london , said : ‘ our results show that there is a link between the ability to draw at the age of four and intelligence later in life . ‘ through drawing , we are attempting to show someone else what’s in our mind . ' this capacity to reproduce figures is a uniquely human ability and a sign of cognitive ability , in a similar way to writing , which transformed the human species’ ability to store information and build a civilisation . ’