the leader of france 's far-right has been named one of time magazine 's 100 most influential people alongside president barack obama , pope francis and kanye west . national front leader marine le pen , 46 , who took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic . in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on tuesday , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ' great political force ' . anti-immigrant honoured : the leader of right-wing national front , marine le pen , 46 , said being one of the time 100 , shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic . ' people are taking note of the political upheavals that are happening , a great political force that i represent tonight - and that tomorrow can perhaps change the face of decisions that are made not just in france , but perhaps in europe , ' le pen said . the recognition comes at an eventful time for le pen , who recently announced she would oppose her father , jean-marie le pen , on his candidacy in france 's regional elections in december . earlier this month , le pen snr , who founded national front in 1972 , infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks . the 86-year-old had repeated his claim that the holocaust was ‘ a detail of history’ and had also praised france’s wartime leader marshal petain , who collaborated with hitler . this angered marine , who said she would not back him in the elections and accused him of ‘ political suicide’ . far-right views : before the time 100 gala in new york , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ' great political force ' in europe . family feud : marine , who took over leadership of the party from her father jean-marie , 86 , in 2011 recently accused him of ' political suicide ' after he repeated his claim that the holocaust was ‘ a detail of history’ . after this , jean-marie le pen told french publication le figaro that he was withdrawing his candidacy in the south-east provence-alpes-cote d’azur region ‘ even though i think i am the best candidate’ . the former paratrooper said it was because the party was at risk of being ‘ dangerously weakened’ over what he called a severe but unjustified crisis over his comments . mr le pen , who remains the front’s honorary president , said the best replacement candidate would be his grand-daughter marion marechal-le pen , 25 , who confirmed shortly after that she would seek the party’s nomination . marine le pen declined tuesday to discuss what she thought would be an appropriate punishment but said the party ' can no longer be the hostage of views that are personal views and that certainly contradict the political action of the national front . ' influential : rapper kanye west and his wife , reality tv star kim kardashian-west are both on the list . proud : mia farrow and her son ronan farrow both attended the time 100 gala , in new york last night . celebrated : actors bradley cooper and emma watson are deep in conversation at the bash . since taking over from her father in 2011 , le pen has pushed to rid the party of its extreme right-wing past and recast it as a voter-friendly option for people frustrated with france 's direction and traditional parties . as many as 90 national front members hold some of france 's more than 4,100 local council seats , and marine le pen is a prospective 2017 presidential candidate . both france 's governing socialists and conservative party , known as the ump , have sounded alarm calls about what france 's future would be under the national front , which opposes immigration , the european union and what it perceives as the ' islamization ' of france . influential : laverne cox , kim kardashian west and naomi campbell attend time 100 gala .