katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillow . pictured posed by model . a grieving daughter has come up with an unusual way to keep the memory of loved ones alive - by bottling their scent . seven years ago , katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to . this inspired the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning . the strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide ' olfactory comfort ' to customers , she says . ' we are going through funeral homes to offer families a small box containing a vial of the departed 's odour that we would have extracted from a piece of material provided by them , ' she said . but the 'made-to-measure ' perfumes will be rather costly and be priced at around 560 euros ( £400 ) . to help develop her idea , she teamed up with the havre university in france , where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell . the university 's geraldine savary explained the process involved taking a person 's clothes and extracting the odour - a few hundred characteristic molecules - which is then made into a bottle of perfume in four days . she said : ' there was a perfect synergy between what she wanted to do and what our researchers are doing so we decided to get involved . ' there is a very strong link between memory and smell which is similar to that between the memories we have from looking at old photos , videos and other things . ' we take the person 's clothing and extract the odour , which represents about a hundred molecules , and we reconstruct it in the form of a perfume in four days . ' she came up with a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning . file photo . popular science reports the classic process of perfume distillation is the most likely method , which involves passing steam through an object at high temperatures and capturing the result . and ms apalategui , although first inspired by death , is hoping her product could be also be ideal valentine 's day gifts or even for children away from their parents . her son , who is in business school , is planning to launch by september this year .     