a jet-setting owl has posted photos from its travels on facebook after it was ' kidnapped ' from a nottinghamshire pub . landlord richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from the lounge area of the admiral rodney , in nottingham , last month . he thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return . those responsible for the theft even created a facebook page to keep fans updated about ollie 's adventures since being snatched . the owl has been pictured sunning itself on a beach after it was ' kidnapped ' from a nottingham pub . the wooden ornament even took a trip on the back of a camel on its travels . incredibly , the wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast , benidorm and even tunisia despite only going missing a month ago . pictures posted on the ' oliver howel ' facebook page show ollie sunbathing on a beach towel with an ipod and even taking a ride on the back of a camel . he can also be seen perched on a wall overlooking a beach in benidorm and is seen sitting on a bar next to pint of guinness in belfast . after boarding a plane from the spanish holiday resort , ollie teased his owners with a status update saying : ' hi i 'm off again another plane journey.. . this one is going to be hot , keep checking in to see where i am . ' today , landlord richard , who runs the pub with partner christy jamieson , 28 , said : ' we are missing ollie but it 's been amazing where he 's been . the £7.99 model perches on a stone rail high above a beach in benidorm . the journey began in nottingham , pictured here at the national ice centre in the city . ' he 's had three holidays already and he 's only been gone for a month . ' i did have a few clues to who had taken him but they found out and apparently passed ollie on to someone else . ' we also received a card from a child though the post with a donation of £1 which has gone to the air ambulance . ' pub regular john wiles , 45 , added : ' i ca n't believe he has got as far as tunisia . he will need his wings clipping . ' the wooden statue is enjoying some sunnier climes than the usual shelf in nottingham . the owl has had three holidays in less than a month since he was stolen from a pub shelf . ollie 's kidnappers have also taken the owl to more local locations with pictures of him joining a stag party in a city centre bar and visiting nottingham castle . he also posted a picture to his 138 facebook friends perched on the city 's famous robin hood statue as well as another image showing him at an ice hockey game . the bird has also popped in to ye olde trip to jerusalem - reputed to be the oldest pub in england . landlord richard stevenson and landlady christy jamieson of the admiral rodney in nottingham with ransom letters sent to the pub following the ' kidnapping ' of their owl ornament . it 's thirsty work for the owl as it continues to travel around the world ; pictured here at a belfast bar . the owl has managed to take in some sights of belfast , visiting the historic places in the northern irish capital . landlord richard bought ollie from homeware store the range 18 months ago when the couple took over the pub . the three-inch ornament is part of a set of three that had sat on a shelf in the pub lounge . in the ransom letter posted to the pub shortly after ollie went missing , the kidnappers said the bird will be back in time for a charity festival on the august bank holiday weekend . the jovial note , which arrived in a brown envelope with a nottingham postal stamp , stated : ' i have been taken against my will ... kidnapped . the visit to belfast also brings the opportunity for the owl to read up some history of the city . the owl took the opportunity of freedom to pose for a photo with nottingham 's most famous resident - robin hood . ' i was frightened at first but i really like the people who have taken me from your top shelf . ' i am going to be away for a while , and i am going to travel to lots of different places in england and abroad . ' i 've been sitting on your shelf for too long ... so i am going to find a girlfriend . ' the owl could escape the queues for the belfast boat tours by flying in , surely ... richard , who lives above the pub , added : ' it 's a little bit crazy and just a bit weird how it all came about . ' i absolutely wet myself laughing , especially when i got a friend request on facebook . ' we 've seen a picture of a pink owl , which must be his new girlfriend . i suppose i 'm a bit jealous of his travelling , and the regulars think it 's hilarious . ' hopefully nobody will mistake the now-famous ornament for recyclable goods ... 