sofia abramovich is the daughter of russian billionaire roman , so it 's little wonder that there are many people interested in her instagram account . but having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life , the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism . sofia , the middle child of chelsea fc owner abramovich 's five offspring with second wife irina , revealed she had been bullied by users of the site about her appearance and weight . scroll down for video . sofia abramovich - the daughter of chelsea owner roman - has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity . but now sofia has hit back , saying that she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life . sofia posted an image to instagram which read : ' now that people have discovered my instagram , i 've been getting a lot of hatred and offensive comments . ' i 've been scrutinised and some people say some really horrible things that i 've had to delete or block . ' this made me feel even more self conscious about myself and my body , it put me under a lot of pressure to look perfect . ' sofia posted this picture to the social networking site explaining how she was not going to let people on instagram get her down anymore . she continued : ' only recently have i realised that every one has a different perfect . i may have never been perfect in other people 's eyes or even my own but i have decided to be happy and positive . ' i know i will never be a stick skinny model girl and i 'm accepting that fact . however , i know my body is n't as healthy as it could be so i 'm going to change that . ' a friend recently told me that being healthy and dieting is n't about losing weight , living longer and looking better ... it 's about letting your body ( and mind ) be happy now and giving it a chance to explain what it needs ( thanks @ howtogreen ) . ' sofia concluded : ' starting today i 'm going to be as positive as i can about my life and myself . ' i have so much to be grateful for and i feel awful that i felt depressed around some amazing people because of the comments i got . ' sofia is roman 's daughter by irina vyacheslavovna malandina , the pair had five children and split in 2007 . sofia likes to ride her horses , she has also said she will dedicate some time to walking her dogs . sofia then listed how she plans to change her life saying : ' any rude , offensive or explicit comment wo n't be deleted or blocked . it just wo n't have an impact on my life or mood . ' any negativity will be turned into a positive thing ... i 'm going to start eating healthy eating . not going for the full on vegan / gluten free / sugar free / carb free life but one where everything my body needs it will get . ' i am going to start going to the gym properly . however , exams and work are a priority right now so that might have to be put off . ' hiking / dog walks are going to be a major part of my day . ' sofia is roman 's daughter from his second marriage to irina vyacheslavovna malandina . the couple had five children together before they divorced in 2007 . for sofia 's 18th birthday the russian businessman and owner of chelsea football club paid £30,000 to have the band mcbusted entertain his daughter and her friends . touching : sofia abramovich ( pictured ) has shared several family photos with her father . birthday girl : sofia abramovich with her macaron-encrusted cake created by baker peggy porschen . as well as the standard stream of selfies , sofia , an equestrian , has also posted old family portraits and pictures of her as a child with her businessman father . and , despite her privileged upbringing , rather than bragging about her family 's wealth , down-to-earth sofia prefers posts about baking , horses and her friends . she has also uploaded a string of old photographs from her childhood , many with her 47-year-old father . roman abramovich , the 50th richest man in the world , divorced her mother irina in 2007 , which saw the former air hostess receive a record settlement said to be at least £1billion . abramovich then went on to marry dasha zhukova , 33 , and has since had two more children .