homeless people in the bay area are being handed free smartphones by multi-billion dollar tech companies in the hope that it will get them off the streets . a group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather . the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing , as companies often require people to visit their websites . holly leonard ( left ) , who was homeless and had spent time in prison , now has a house after finding an advert on craigslist using a google phone she was given to allow her to get online . holly leonard , a homeless woman from san francisco who has spent time in jail and in a women 's refuge , has used her free handset to find herself a new home in san jose , with her husband . she found the advert on craigslist using a nexus 5 phone she was given by the community technology alliance . she told the new york times : ' people don’t put out `` for rent '' signs anymore , so the internet is the best way . ' you can’t even go get a paper application for a lot of things . you can’t get a job unless you get online . before i got a free phone , it was like you’re almost nonexistent . ' the bay area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s. , with approximately destitute 14,000 people living in san francisco and san jose alone . while tech companies are keen to promote their image as compassionate businesses , tensions have boiled up over accusations they are not doing enough to help those in their own backyard . the bay area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s. , with approximately destitute 14,000 people living in san francisco and san jose alone . pictured : the silicon valley shantytown . while tech companies are keen to promote their image as compassionate businesses , tensions have boiled up over accusations they are not doing enough to help those in their own backyard ( pictured ) . thanks almost entirely to the tech firms , the average person in silicon valley earned $ 116,033 last year , compared to $ 69,000 nationally , highlighting an ever-widening gap between rich and poor . but the phone initiative attempts to give something back , with workers from twitter , mobile games company zynga , and business-based social network yammer . helping to teach people how to make the most of internet access . sam dodge , a government worker who focuses on homelessness , added : ' homeless people live in the year 2015 , too , and people need cellphones . ' thanks almost entirely to the tech firms , the average person in silicon valley earned $ 116,033 last year , compared to $ 69,000 nationally , highlighting an ever-widening gap between rich and poor . the phones are also used to help homeless people get in touch with their relatives , who they have often become estranged from , and may be able to help in getting their lives back on track . users are provided with plugs for the phones , which they can use to recharge the batteries at coffee shops or in libraries for free . they are charged between $ 30 and $ 40 per month for internet , phone and call access , which is usually funded through voluntary schemes for which they are paid a stipend . the conditions in the squalid silicon valley shantytown , home to 300 people , in the shadows of one of the wealthiest areas of the u.s . a shirt with a morale-boosting message is placed atop mud and debris at the silicon valley homeless encampment . the plan includes other features to make it easier for homeless people , such as the ability to keep their number if they can not pay the bills , and a two month grace period in case the miss a payment . the community technology alliance works with other charities to find homeless people in need of a phone , and who would benefit the most from having one . so far they have given out 100 of the 1,000 handsets they have been given , and promised another 350 to other organisations . a spokesman for mobile4all said : ' we provide a unique and empowering technological service to those struggling every day to escape poverty and homelessness . ' we are thinking big to address big issues with big solutions for those who need it most . '