chris ramsey has hailed tony pulis as one of the best british coaches in the country , but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger . ramsey’s qpr , who face pulis’s west brom at the hawthorns on saturday , are 19th in the barclay’s premier league table – four points adrift of sunderland in 17th . the r’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of pulis’s 2013-14 campaign with crystal palace , in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop . chris ramsey praised tony pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with west brom in the premier league . indeed , pulis was linked with the vacant qpr managerial post after harry redknapp’s departure in february , but many of the loftus road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics . ‘ i think tony pulis would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach , ’ ramsey said when asked about the speculation . ‘ he maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere . not just here , at any club . ‘ i think tony gets a very bad reputation for the way he plays . what he does is he goes into places , assesses what the players need and gets the best out of them . i would say he is one of the top british coaches in the country . ’ ramsey claims pulis ' is one of the best coaches in britain , ' but says that he wo n't be asking for his advice . while ramsey admits he is encouraged by the likes of pulis , he firmly believes his own tactical acumen is the reason he was entrusted with keeping qpr in the top flight . ‘ i take inspiration from tony because i respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager , ’ ramsey continued . ‘i’ll take any advice from any coach in any league , because i realise how tough the job is . ‘ as far as tactics are concerned , i don’t think i’d be looking at anybody else and asking for any advice . i’ve been put in the job for a reason , the reason being that the people who’ve put me in think i know what i’m doing . ‘ apart from a dodgy 20 minutes at crystal palace , i think we’ve been in every game , especially against the top teams . we were extremely disappointed we didn’t get anything against everton . but ultimately it’s about the money ends of the ground , isn’t it ? and we haven’t been good enough at both ends when it really counted . ’ the queens park rangers boss knows that his side ca n't afford to slip up anymore if they want to stay up .