there are few things better than sipping a refreshing drink while admiring spectacular views of the sea and soaking up the sun at an island resort . unless you have the entire island to yourself . holidaymakers with deep pockets can find that kind of privacy on a brazilian island which is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water , air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock – all from £2,500 ( $ 3,750 ) a night . scroll down for video . ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat . located off the costa verde , between rio de janeiro and sao paulo , the private island boasts stunning surroundings . with the main residence and four chalets the island - priced from £2,500 a night - can accommodate eight guests . ilha de mana is a 15-minute boat ride from paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro . perhaps the best part of all is that guests who rent ilha de mana – about a mile off the mainland near the colonial town of paraty – won’t have to fight for a sunlounger . while they have the tropical island all to themselves they will have access to a private , 100-ft beach protected from the open ocean on the stunning bay of angra dos reis . large enough to accommodate eight guests , ilha de mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , has a solar-powered main residence with a dining room , fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining . four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom ( the island has its own water supply ) , and provide access to a communal lounge , bar and wooden terrace . located a short walk from the main residence , the smaller chalets have access to a communal lounge , bar and wooden terrace . the main residence has a dining room , fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining ; every building is solar powered . each guest room has incredible views of the bay of angra dos reis , where the island is protected from the open ocean . surrounded by stunning views , ilha de mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , and the mainland are home to lush vegetation . ilha de mana is sheltered from the atlantic ocean in the bay of angra dos reis , where it is about a mile from paraty , brazil . when it’s time to cool down guests can leap into the crystal clear sea or relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock , or they can head out onto the bay in a speedboat that comes with the property . with coconut palms and other lush vegetation , the private island offers breathtaking views and thrilling activities . letting agency whereinrio said the surrounding sea is studded with 365 mountainous and jungle-covered islands with no fewer than 2,000 sandy beaches . when it’s time to cool down guests can leap into the crystal clear sea or relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock . whereinrio said the surrounding sea is studded with 365 mountainous and jungle-covered islands with hundreds of sandy beaches . guests can unwind on sunloungers , relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock , or go for a ride in a speedboat . when they 're not relaxing on the island guests can swim with sea turtles or discover underwater wrecks while scuba diving . adventurous holidaymakers who venture off the island can spot monkeys and parrots during hikes , swim with sea turtles or discover underwater wrecks while scuba diving . located off the costa verde , between sao paulo and rio de janeiro , the area is home to brazilian celebrities and wealthy entrepreneurs . ilha de mana is a 15-minute boat ride from the town of paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro . despite its isolated location , guests who are unable to ‘unplug’ when they head abroad can enjoy most of the comforts from back home , including internet and satellite television .