this is n't your 1950s bubble gum and poodle skirts rock ' n roll . the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . ' it 's good clean fun , with a hint of naughty , ' said tara o'hara of chicago . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino . scroll down for video . dressed to impress : in this april 5 photo women wait in line before taking part in a bathing suit contest at the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend in las vegas - many of the attendees of the weekend wear vintage clothes . elvis fan : wind blows the hair of carl schreiber during a pool party - he jetted in from chicago for the event . sitting pretty : a woman who goes by martha war sits by the pool - the rockabilly weekend is a flashback to vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . smoking hot : the viva las vegas car show is pegged as ' the best car show of its type anywhere ' . ' it 's the culture , the lifestyle , the attire , the cars , the music and the old mannerisms , ' says tino pacheco of rialto , california when asked what attracts him to rockabilly . at the center is rock ' n roll . publicist alisha alexander says the retro weekend has grown so large , organizers have added a second music-only event - the rockabilly rockout - in october at the gold coast hotel & casino that harkens back to the event 's roots . ' it 's gotten a lot bigger . you have people from all over . germany , austria , mexico , italy , ' said pacheco who attended the weekend for about 15 years . ' a lot of us come here to keep the culture alive , to keep it going . and that 's what makes it unique . ' ready for our close-ups : marilia skraba , center , of brazil , applies make-up while waiting to compete in the miss viva las vegas contest . on the look-out : chelsea spirito , left , reacts as she watches a men 's bathing suit contest at the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend . making their moves : people crowd the dance floor at a jive dance class during the retro-themed festivities . crowd-pleaser : the one and only inga performs during a burlesque show - people started lining up over an hour before to make sure they had seats to the performance . booted and ready : susanna raphael wellbourne of the burlesque duo kitten and lou rests backstage during a burlesque show . candid : a woman dances at the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - the swing , jive and two-step dominated the dance floors at the event . making new friends : zack simpson , right , and dollie simpson dance during a jive class - dance classes were held for bopping , jiving , strolling and the texas two-step . non-stop entertainment : angie almilla kisses eric martinez while waiting in line for a pool party . traveling from far and wide : rebecca skehan , left , and mark skehan drink beer while listening to live music - the music was a big draw for the couple , who came from australia to attend the event . family act : a festival attendee poses in front of a retro car with her baby daughter wearing matching attire - bar the killer heels . maximum capacity : publicist alisha alexander says the retro weekend has grown so large , organizers have added a second music-only event . summery look : temperatures in las vegas over the weekend were around 70 degrees fahrenheit .