the funeral for murdered 26-year-old high school teacher stephanie scott will be held next wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart . a memorial service has been finalised to take place at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra in rural central west nsw and around a three hour drive from leeton where she worked . ms scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to tahiti with her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , when she disappeared from her workplace at leeton high school on easter sunday . she was set to tie the knot last saturday at the eat your greens centre , instead her life will be celebrated in the same place at a memorial at 1pm this wednesday . on thursday the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . high school teacher stephanie scott 's funeral will be held at the venue where she was set to get married . a memorial will be held for ms scott at the eat your greens centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra . reverend jonno williams , the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra , confirmed the venue to the abc . he told daily mail australia he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . ‘ i know stephanie’s father relatively well through the time that he taught at the local canowindra high school , ' reverend williams told daily mail australia . 'it’s going to be a very difficult time for everyone , especially for the young people in town who knew her well . ’ reverend williams was also yet another person who sang the praises of the young teacher whose heart-breaking tale has gripped australia in recent weeks . ‘ she was vice-captain of canowindra high school and worked at the local swimming pool when she was younger , ' reverend williams told daily mail australia . reverend jonno williams , the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra , confirmed ms scott 's funeral will be held at the eat your greens centre ( pictured ) . the priest told daily mail australia he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . mr leeson-woolley and ms scott , who was allegedly killed on easter sunday , were due to be married last saturday . stephanie is seen here having a good time with her friends and family at her hen party . ' she also worked at the local supermarket , so she was well known by everyone here from a young age . ‘ throughout this time stephanie was always known for her friendly disposition and she was always friendly with anyone that she met . ‘ i met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl . the community both here in canowindra and in leeton will be out in force to say their goodbyes on wednesday . ’ less than a week before her wedding the leeton high school teacher went missing on easter sunday . for the past 12 months , ms scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to mr leeson-woolley . the pair met as children playing soccer in the nsw central west town of canowindra , where they grew up . ms scott was a popular teacher at leeton high school where students paid homage to her . the 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday april 10 by police in an area where her accused killer , vincent stanford went on regular camping trips . school cleaner stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in june . the remains of ms scott have been formally identified . nsw health says a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner . ' additional testing is being undertaken prior to the release of ms scott’s body to her family , ' a spokeswoman said . for the past 12 months , ms scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to mr leeson-woolley . last saturday ms scott 's father robert ( left ) , mother merrilyn ( centre ) and sister robyn ( right ) were among those gathered at a memorial service for her at mountford park , leeton . ms scott 's distraught fiance aaron leeson-woolley attends the memorial service in mountford park . ms scott 's father , robert scott ( centre ) , is comforted by family members at the mountford park service . mr leeson-woolley ( right ) was a forlorn figure at the mountford park memorial last saturday in leeton . the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott 's family to provide specialist grief counselling . on monday , ms scott 's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her wedding . ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . she was also a person who gave so much joy to others . ' stephanie 's aim was to get everyone feeling like it was their wedding as much as hers , ' mr scott told the daily telegraph , describing ms scott 's bubbly and thoughtful personality . there are reminders of the wedding all over the house , yet instead of a wedding the scott family must tragically prepare for stephanie 's funeral . ' you walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said mr scott . ms scott and mr leeson-woolley had been taking dancing lessons together to prepare for their first dance as an excited married couple , according to robert .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .