from alien coffins to fossilised lizards , conspiracy theorists believe they have found all manner of strange items in nasa 's images of mars . now , one alien hunter claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows . andre gignac says he made the ' stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . scroll down for video . a conspiracy theorist claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet , with armed people peering out of its windows ( shown by the dotted red line ) . he says he became suspicious about a ' dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . ' i was stunned . it was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater , ' gignac told cryptozoology news . ' you can see a person behind the bunker 's window , ' the 58-year-old added . he claims that the ' bunker ' ' could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker ' . ' also , not far from this bunker are missiles , rockets and structures deployed in a circle , ' he says . ' bunkers have been spotted in previous nasa pictures , some might be caused by shadows or lack of resolution that does n't give enough detail to clearly see if the structure is a bunker or not , ' nigel watson , author of the ufo investigations manual , told dailymail.com . andre gignac says he made the ' stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . pictured from left to right , are structures , missiles and rockets cignac claims he found in nasa 's image . cignac claims he became curious about a ' dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . ' others have claimed that bunker pictures were taken by the european space agency , mars express orbital vehicle . ' these were explained as being of erosional features or caused by the way the pictures were stitched together . ' whatever the `` mundane '' explanation i think we are more fascinated by the idea that there are people secretly living beneath the surface of mars and they are part of some secret space program . ' such a project would need vast resources and would be very hard to keep covered up , yet many think this is what is happening and that these activities are being carried out in conjunction with one or more alien species . ' the latest discovery follows a spate of supposed ' sightings ' of martian civilisation . last year , a maryland-based ufo hunter spotted what he believed to be a ' decorative ' box on the red planet . other objects found in images of mars include what some ufo hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana ( left ) . stock image of an iguana is pictured right . the so-called ' coffin ' was found by will farrar from whatsupinthesky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the mars rover curiosity . the image pictured inset has been edited . the ' coffin ' was discovered by will farrar from whatsupinthesky37 as he trawled through a library of pictures sent back by the mars rover curiosity . many scientists believe that seeing strange objects , such as a ' coffin ' on mars , is simple a case of pareidolia . this is a psychological response to seeing faces and other significant and everyday items in random places . it is a form of apophenia , which is when people see patterns or connections in unconnected data . there have been multiple occasions when people have claimed to see religious images and themes in unexpected places , especially the faces of religious figures . many involve images of jesus , the virgin mary and the word allah . for example , in september 2007 a callus on a tree resembled a monkey , leading believers in singapore to pay homage to the monkey god . another famous instance was when mary 's face was a grilled cheese sandwich . images of jesus have even been spotted inside the lid of a jar of marmite and in a potato . ' this little box sure does look like a modern coffin concrete liner , ' he wrote on his youtube channel . ' as well as the stonework on the back part of the hill that looks like stairs or some left over stonework from some old civilisations constructions . ' alien researcher scott waring of the ufo sightings daily said he believes the coffin was made from a stone-like substance . ' what would it take to get nasa to turn the rover around and examine the contents of this box ? , ' he said . but while its strong lines have captured the imagination of ufo bloggers , scientists believe sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called pareidolia . this describes the brain 's response to seeing faces and other significant objects in random places . it has evolved so that human eyes can spot faces within their environment , and to help them recognise friends in a crowd . scientists claim we also tend to use this ability to ' enrich our imagination ' and recognise meaningful shapes , even when they 're not there . ' i stand ready to be convinced that i have possibly hallucinated . i wo n't mind being told that i 'm wrong , ' cignac says . last year , ufo enthusiasts claimed to have spotted barack obama 's head on the martian surface . they say a panoramic image from 2005 taken by the spirit rover shows a rock shaped uncannily like his head .