audio of a woman 's cell phone call to 911 -- in which she said she 'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her -- has been released . the unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by abc news . the woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release . in the phone call , the dispatcher asked '911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' ' i do n't know . i 'm locked in a trunk , ' the woman said . scroll down for video . scene : a woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at this loveland , colorado , shopping center on thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk . at one point , the woman told the dispatcher ' i went to get some dinner ... and someone came up to me and he had a gun . ' loveland police said in the release ' a woman in estes park [ ... ] had reported being forced into her own car ( a blue 2013 hyundai sedan ) and abducted by a man at the thompson valley towne center parking lot in loveland . ' she said that she was forced to drive her own car to an area just outside estes park and was then locked in the trunk of the car . ' during the call , the dispatcher asked the woman ' are you still moving ? ' the woman answered ' no , no , no , he got out . ' ' he got out ? and you 're not moving now ? ' the dispatcher asked . ' no . is there anything i can do to get out ? ' the woman asked . rescue : estes park officers responded and got the woman out after finding her car keys , according to authorities . search : the loveland police department said ' we do not have a description of the man reported to have committed this act ' . loveland police said that estes park officers responded and got the woman out , after finding her car keys . authorities said the woman told them she was n't hurt . though about sixteen people with the larimer county sheriff 's office and the estes park police department scoured the scene , they ' were unable to locate a suspect , ' police said . loveland police said tips can be called in to detective henry stucky , by dialing 970-962-2032 .