crawling commando-style underneath an open-sided land rover , i came virtually nose to nose with a 4,500lb horned rhino . i tried to slow my breathing as she looked straight at me . i needed to be calm to take my shot . there were three other rhinos with her and , let 's be honest , they 're not called a crash of rhino for nothing . i raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm . the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private reserve . thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options . i was with my mate james and we laughed awkwardly as we climbed back into the vehicle . my mum – sky tv presenter kay burley – was sitting statue-still on board , having adopted her best nonchalant expression , but she was n't fooling either of us . the holiday at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands , was my reward for graduating . i have been on safari before but this was different . i 'm an amateur car photographer and wanted to swap taking photos of ferraris and focus instead on the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo , the prowl of a glorious leopard or a close-up of a fearless rhino . we achieved all of them . kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard . just the day before , we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot . with 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in south africa last year alone , they are increasingly difficult to view . danny , our brilliant tracker , who could find a spelling mistake in a dictionary , had eventually located them , but with dusk fast approaching we reluctantly headed back to the land rover . the african bush is not a place to be on foot in the dark . we should know . we 'd spent the earlier part of the day up close and personal with a pride of lions . our ranger , trevor , steered the land rover as close as he dared without disturbing the big cats . the lioness , who could have taken any one of us out with a casual swipe of her front paw , looked in our direction , checked her cubs and allowed us to stay . trevor , also a photographer , whispered advice on appropriate settings for my nikon d600 to achieve the best results . heading back to the luxury accommodation at cliff lodge , a two-bedroom apartment within rock lodge ( mum described it as glamping but with solid walls , luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef to conjure up our favourite food ) , we talked about all the other animals we wanted to see , if possible . alexander kutner with mum , sky tv presenter kay burley , at ulusaba , sir richard branson 's private game reserve in south africa 's sabi sands . trevor said he and danny would try but could n't promise anything . nevertheless , given the conservation , ecology and anti-poaching work being carried out by ulusaba and adjoining camps , we were feeling confident . the following day we found ourselves slap bang in the middle of a herd of buffalo , mean-looking guys who glare at you as if you owe them money . danny , who will happily track on foot for lion , leopard , elephant and rhino – four of the big five – makes an exception for buffalo . alexander said a lioness looked in his group 's direction , checked her cubs and allowed them to stay . trevor started up the engine and we moved on . pausing at a watering hole , we were delighted to see two young male elephants wandering towards us . they made their way into the water and proceeded to perform for us – a photographer 's dream ! we returned to the lodge to relax and sort through the hundreds of photos we 'd captured . chef served up kudu burgers for lunch . we 'd seen plenty of these handsome antelope during our morning game drive… and mum decided to pass on that meal . ulusaba means ' place of little fear ' . that 's because the koppie where rock lodge sits provided the ancient shangaan warriors with the perfect lookout point . trevor wondered what else we 'd like to see . ' cheetah , please , ' we cried . he took us on a long , bumpy drive to the wide-open plains where cheetah can run free in their hunt for food . they are extremely rare in this area of the sabi sands and , despite hour after hour of tracking , there were no paw-print clues . however , trevor had one last surprise . danny heard the call of a honey bird and a solitary warning from an impala antelope . these led him on foot to a pair of leopard cubs frolicking up a tree . there is no sighting quite as magical as a leopard , and six-month-old cubs are the perfect age to provide incredible images of their playful behaviour . eventually , with a heavy heart and my camera packed away , we left the african bush . until the next time ... virgin holidays and hip hotels ( vhiphotels.co.uk , 0844 573 2460 ) offers five nights at ulusaba safari lodge from £2,669 per person . this includes return flights to johannesburg , internal flights and all-inclusive accommodation . the price is based on a june 8 departure . 