ian bell rescued england from a nightmare start with a century in the first test against west indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last caribbean series . after his classy 143 had steered england to 341 for five , after they had been 34 for three , bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor . bell said : ' it 's been at the back of my mind for some time that i got dropped the last time i was here for a test series . so i wanted to make this one count and it was very satisfying to do so . i deserved to be dropped at the time and i did a lot of hard yards to get back in . ' ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua on monday . the 33-year-old kisses the england badge on his helmet after his 22nd test match century . and bell rates his hundred one of the best of his 22 – only alastair cook ( 25 ) , out for another low score , and kevin pietersen ( 23 ) have scored more . bell shared century partnerships of 177 with joe root , who made 83 and another one of 130 with ben stokes who is 71 not out . ' it has to be right up there , ' said bell . it does n't get much better . the partnership with joe root was just what we needed . but the west indies bowled very well for the first two hours . and ben stokes made it a brilliant finish to the day . ' bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 . bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with joe root and added 130 for the fifth wicket with ben stokes . ' it was my day today , but hopefully it will be someone else 's day in the next innings . ' for me , it was nice - coming here in 2009 , this was where i got dropped after our shemozzle in jamaica , so i was determined to come out and play as well as i could . ' it was nice to come back and put things right . ' bell raises his bat after being dismissed for 143 in the evening session on day one in antigua . kemar roach runs away to celebrate bowling alastair cook out for 11 on the first morning of the test . cook , who has n't added to his record haul of 25 centuries since may 2013 , was bowled by kemar roach for 11 falling again to a good length ball outside off stump . roach said : ' cook has a weakness there , everyone knows it . we let them get away a bit , but bell batted very well . ' the other two england disappointments were a nervous-looking jonathan trott who lasted just three deliveries on his return from ' situational anxiety ' , and gary ballance , who also fell to a poor shot .