tracy morgan looks to be improving as he was spotted out with his family on monday . still , he appeared to strain and wince as he joined his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven as they did some shopping in new jersey . it comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair and injured three others . morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident . scroll down for video . tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on monday , almost a year after his horrific auto accident . morgan was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven ( above ) for a shopping trip in new jersey . this comes a little over a month after morgan was forced to miss the saturday night live 40th anniversary special , though he was acknowledged for his many contributions to the show in which his 30 rock castmates tina fey and alec baldwin introduced one of his most famous characters , the eccentric zoologist brian fellows . morgan 's attorney recently revealed morgan is still struggling to simply return ' to the way he was ' after this trauma . morgan was critically injured in early june when a wal-mart tractor-trailer rammed into a limousine bus he and his friends were travelling in on the new jersey turnpike . the comedian was returning home to new york city from a show at a delaware casino . he spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home , and the extent of his brain injury is still unknown . ' he 's fighting to get better , and if there 's a chance for him to be back to the tracy morgan he once was , he 's going to try to do that , ' said his lawyer benedict morelli last november . ' but we just do n't know because of the severity of the injuries that he sustained and the fact that he had such a severe brain injury . ' the actor did appear much better than the last time he was spotted earlier this month , also walking with a cane . the driver of the tractor-trailer , kevin roper , was charged with death by auto and four counts of assault by auto in a new jersey state court . new jersey state police at the scene of the multi-vehicle accident on the new jersey turnpike last june . morgan with his fiancee and daughter last march , just moths before the accident . last december , morgan and his attorneys accused wal-mart of stalling in a federal lawsuit they have brought against the company over their safety practices after it was reported that roper was asleep at the wheel at the time of the crash . following the incident , roper took to twitter to deny claims he was under the influence at the time of the accident , saying ; ' i was never charged at the scene of the accident because once again i was not guilty of any crime . not until all the tv cameras came . ' the georgia resident also stated that he felt ' horrible ' and ' wished it was him who was hurt ' before writing ; ' so yes i am now most likely f****d because i had an unfortunate accident with the wrong car that night . ' roper recently asked a judge to delay morgan 's lawsuit against wal-mart until his criminal case in new jersey is settled . morgan was forced to put an fx series he had in development on hold after the accident , though his new film with chris rock , take five , was released in december . he came out against wal-mart in a public statement this past september after they accused him of being at fault during the accident for not wearing a seatbelt . ' i ca n't believe walmart is blaming me for an accident they caused , ' he said at the time . ' i 'm fighting hard every day to get back . '