an army officer and his wife have admitted racially abusing hotel guests and workers after getting drunk at their own wedding reception . jade and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola and assaulted a brazilian hotel employee , calling her a ' bloody foreigner ' . the pair have been spared jail after a court heard that they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the premier inn at stansted airport . assault : aaron and jade badland have admitted assaulting a hotel worker after their wedding reception . mr badland , 24 , a bomb disposal officer in the engineering regiment , was wearing his army uniform during the drunken attack alongside his 29-year-old bride . both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work , while mrs badland was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment . chelmsford magistrates ' court heard that the couple got married in malta last august , but held their wedding reception at audley end , essex in november . afterwards they were staying at the stansted branch of premier inn , where american guest david la plante saw them abusing an asian family . he told the court : ' around the corner by some lifts we heard talk and the wife was making derogatory remarks to the family , calling them foreigners and asking if they had the ebola virus . ' i positioned myself between her and the family and gave her a look saying `` enough is enough '' . she asked me if i had the ebola virus and my response was , `` do you ? '' ' her husband came around , wrapped her up and told her we were americans and not to talk to us . ' venue : the assault took place at a branch of premier inn in stansted airport , pictured . harry coleman , prosecuting , told the court that the badlands staggered to their hotel room but could not work out how to use the electronic key . they then confronted brazilian worker christina periera , but mr badland became angry when she told them she would have to reprogramme the key in order to open their door . mr badland then told mrs pereira : ' it 's my room , open the f***ing door - bloody foreigners coming to our country . ' mr coleman said : ' ms periera was upset and said she was going down to call the police , and he hit her on the nose with his open palm and again twice more . ' mrs badland ' prodded ' the worker with two bottles of alcohol as her husband continued to shout , the court heard . she told magistrates : ' i had a lot of drink . i had a good few pints and some shots and do n't remember anything about the incident because of the level of intoxication . i was very drunk . ' gareth hunter , mitigating , said the couple were ' ashamed ' and mr badland would be disciplined by the army . mrs badland was ordered to attend a 10-day education , training and employment programme and pay £625 costs and £60 victim surcharge , while her husband was told to pay £100 compensation and a £60 victim surcharge .