as many as 1.5 million innocent people died at auschwitz in horrifying conditions : its name a reminder of the atrocities of the holocaust . but authorities say that the former concentration camp , now the auschwitz-birkenau state museum , in oświęcim , poland , is becoming a popular tourist destination - so popular in fact , that they may have to start turning people away . the memorial site today urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening . scroll down for video . a sign in front of a watchtower at auschwitz i concentration camp , which has become an unlikely tourist . it said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year , which itself hit a record with 1.5 million visitors . ' going through the auschwitz-birkenau space is not an easy experience for anyone , ' said dr. piotr m.a . cywiński , director of the museum . ' this authentic place has become the symbol of evil for the entire world , which is manifested by an over threefold increase in attendance , interest of the media , internet statistics as well as over half a billion people throughout the planet who watched the 70th anniversary of the liberation of kl auschwitz live on television . ' tourists take photographs at auschwitz , which has had more than 250,000 already this year . the memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry . the increase in popularity has led to various security changes , and visitors are now advised to book ahead inorder to avoid congestion inside the former nazi concentration camp . just 30 people are allowed to visit auschwitz i - the original camp at any one time - for safety reasons , as well to conserve the buildings and create the best conditions for learning about its history . so a website for the site has been created enabling booking , which guarantees entrance to the museum on a chosen day and hour . the site attracted headlines in 2014 when an alabama teenager took a selfie during a tour of the death camp . 1 . ground zero – site of 9/11 in new york . 2 . auschwitz – concentration camp , poland . 3 . alcatraz – prison , san francisco . 4 . pompeii – italy . 5 . omaha and utah beaches – d-day invasion scenes , france . 6 . killing fields – cambodia . 7 . new orleans – site of hurricane katrina disaster , usa . 8 . chernobyl – nuclear disaster site , ukraine . 9 . giglio , italy – scene of the costa concordia disaster . 10 . haiti – site of devastating earthquake . according to online travel agency sunshine.co.uk . visitors also have to undergo safety control : it is forbidden to light candles outside designated areas . or to carry objects which may pose a threat to the life , health and safety . smoking cigarettes and e-cigarettes is also strictly forbidden and only small bags are allowed into the museum . in 2014 , 1,534 000 people visited auschwitz , the highest number during one year than ever before - the highest attendance in the history of european memorial sites . january saw the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation , a possible reason for the surge in interest . auschwitz after its liberation in january 1945 . a group of children who survived the camp , pictured . january saw the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation , a possible reason for the surge in interest . it also attracted headlines in 2014 when an alabama teenager was criticized for taking a smiling selfie during a tour of the german death camp . visiting scenes of death and disaster might seem inappropriate to the average holidaymaker , but dark tourism appears to be on the rise . professor mark griffiths of nottingham trent university , who has written a blog post on death fascination says there are a number of reasons for our interest in the macabre . ' there 's a huge market for witnessing the extremities of human behaviour . by looking at something so extreme it makes us feel better about ourselves , ' he told mailonline travel .  