she 's the queen of reinvention who has tried her hand at many a field outside her record-breaking pop career , from acting to business and philanthropy . she 's even opened a chain of gyms . but the consensus seems to be in on madonna 's turn at comedy : she 's just not funny . the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ' closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday . scroll down for video . awkward : madonna performs a stand-up on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday , however the routine did not go down too well . giuseppe zanotti concealed wedge heel hi-top sneakers . buy them now at farfetch ! visit site . madonna 's had an absolute mare of it on live tv has n't she ? ! the singer took that infamous tumble during her brits performance and now she 's bombed slightly during her stand up routine on the today show . the blonde bombshell might have been like a virgin when it came to cracking jokes on telly , but she 's a seasoned pro when it comes to her style ! she rocked this all over moschino look in the way only madonna can , and lent some bling to the proceedings with these giuseppe zanotti hi-top wedges . instantly recognizable with that concealed wedge and heavy-duty zip ad buckle detail , these kicks have now reached cult hollywood status , having been rocked by everyone from jennifer lopez to cheryl cole . these hi-tops actually come in a variety of colours , but we 're coveting madonna 's snakeskin pair the most . so why not invest in these drool-worthy hi-tops now by following the link ( right ) ? if you 're a tad put off by the a-list price tag , then take a peek at our alternatives on the high street below . we love this manish arora number or bag a bargain with these gold wedge forever 21 kicks . forever 21 clear cut wedge sneakers ( now on sale for $ 27.99 ! ) visit site . adidas superstar up casual sneakers at macy 's . visit site . united nude runner sneakers at shopbop . visit site . manish arora laser cut hearts sneakers ( now on sale for $ 632 ! ) at luisaviaroma . visit site . yo yo : the 56-year-old singer described herself as a ' closet comedian ' before getting up for an ' impromptu ' stand up routine . she told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of andy warhol paintings . cracking up : if no one else , fallon found the stand-up pretty hilarious by the looks of things . ' her three-minute routine was either the biggest bomb in late-night history or the most subversive , introspective critique of superstardom ever broadcast to a mass audience , ' the daily beast reported . crushable added : ' unfortunately this segment just wasn’t funny , intentionally or unintentionally or anything in between . it was just very confusing , and a little sad . okay , a lot sad . ' the chron said it was filled with ' awkward jokes and forced laughter ' . yahoo went the whole way and said the performance was ' a bomb ' . the routine appeared to be rehearsed , however madonna and fallon tried to make it look spur-of-the-moment and impromptu . ' ladies and gentleman , you 're in for a real treat right now . an up and coming comedienne , making her stand-up comedy debut tonight , from bay city , michigan , the very funny madonna , ' jimmy said as madonna re-entered from behind a curtain . ' thank you , so great to be here , ' the singer laughed after sprinting to the microphone . she then told a joke about dating a 26-year-old man who was admiring her collection of andy warhol paintings . ' and he goes , wait a minute , you have so many . did you know the guy ? ' madonna said as the punchline and then explained why it was funny . ' so i decided to move up the food chain and started dating a 28-year-old , ' she said . closet comedienne : the pop icon decided to give stand-up a shot for the first time on the tonight show . after admiring her picasso her boy-toy asked if he also painted the mona lisa . ' we broke up , ' madonna said . ' i just wanted to say there is an upside to dating younger guys , that is they 're really good with phones , ' madonna joked . ' i crack myself up , ' she said at one point . at another point , which was perhaps the most excruciating , she said of one of her jokes : ' it 's funny , is n't it ? ' however some commentators said madge was fantastic . they pointed out she was just having some fun . hitfix called it ' adorable ' , while perez hilton found it ' hilarious ' . breaking it down : madge also tried to show fallon some of her dance moves . madonna joined jimmy fallon and the roots on thursday night for a rendition of holiday with classroom instruments . madonna had recently revealed to jonathan ross on his chat show that she wanted to try her hand at stand-up comedy . she added to fallon that her concert tours are so elaborate and cost ' a billion dollars ' to make and transport , so ' no one makes any money ' . she said she was drawn to the simplicity of just walking out on stage and talking . in taking over the tonight show , she first joined fallon and the roots for an acoustic version of her 1983 hit holiday using nothing but classroom instruments . during her interview with jimmy told him how she ' was not cool enough ' for her kids . ' they remind me everyday how uncool i am . they tell me everyday that i ca n't be basic . ''mom , that 's so basic . '' ' she said . she reminisced fondly of her early days in the music business when there were no expectations . the singer contrasted her early years trying to make it new york city to today 's artists with social media at their fingertips . ' you had to take cassette tapes to clubs . you had to do shows and perform live , ' she said . after the sit-down interview , she closed by performing bitch i 'm madonna , a song from her new album. , rebel heart . the performance featured dj diplo and a posse of back-up dancings snaking through the halls of 30 rock .