we have had cereal cafes , a porridge pop-up and a toastie restaurant so it should come as no surprise that london is about to get yet another single-item menu eaterie . the latest to open in the capital this week is the oshun café , which will serve £6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries . the sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls , served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments . the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey . oshun kong ( left ) made with coriander , ginger , lemongrass and sprinkled with sesame seeds . courgette , lime , sour cherries and strawberries in the oshun tang ( right ) . the fruit bowls include oshun native made with acaí pulp , banana and honey ; the oshun tang made with courgette , lime , sour cherries and acai pulp ; the oshun kong featuring acaí pulp , banana , lemongrass , ginger , coriander and honey ; and the oshun maya with acaí pulp , raw cacao , cinnamon , orange and avocado . liane holey , founder of the cafe said : ‘brazil’s streets are filled with vendors blending acaí pulp with fresh bananas and then topped with honey and granola to create an innocuously addictive berry bowl . ‘ oshun cafe wants the uk to celebrate this way of eating acaí , not as powder , dried supplements or in smoothies and pasteurised juices which have significantly smaller amounts of açaí and preserved nutrients . ” the acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest . for hundreds of years , the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native amazonian people . the acai berry bowl cafe will serve four types of berry bowls . the cafe is open from seven days a week . oshun maya with cinnamon , raw cacao , orange and avocado with nested popcorn . the berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate , with a distinctly earthy aftertaste . they are a favourite of celebrities such as victoria beckham , oprah winfrey and matthew mcconaughey . due to their high level of antioxidants the berries are considered a superfood.they also contain high levels of manganese and omega and are renowned for their weight loss qualities . oshun native - acaí pulp , banana and honey . oshun tang : courgette , lime , sour cherries and acai pulp . oshun kong : banana , lemongrass , ginger , coriander and honey . oshun maya : acai berries , raw cacao , cinnamon , orange and avocado . speaking about the potent powder , food blogger and nutritionist deliciously ella said : ' acai is unbelievably rich in antioxidants , with one of the highest levels ever tested ( eight times that of blueberries and 10 to 30 times that of red wine , ) as well as vitamin e and omega-3s , all of which work to stop free radical damage and keep your body . 'it’s also amazing for keeping your skin glowing and slowing down the signs of ageing . ' the large seed from each berry is removed and the remaining açaí pulp ( along with its nutrients ) is frozen within 24 hours of being harvested , due to the fresh berry’s short lifespan . in brazil , acai berry bowls are eaten around the clock . melt room , which only serves toasties - or ' melts ' as they are known - will open in soho , london in may . cashing in on the trend for single-item menu restaurants , melt room , which only serves toasties - or ' melts ' as they are known - will open its doors in may . the menu will offer a variety of sandwiches , from the classic grilled cheese which will set you back £4.50 to more upmarket fillings such as slow-cooked lamb shoulder with mustard dressed greens . nik williamson of the porridge cafe . the menu is currently being finalised but there will approximately be four breakfast toasties or ' melts ' as they will be called , and six signature melts . the 12-seater cafe will also serve seasonal specials and ' hero melts ' with unique cheeses . melt room follows on the heels of old street 's porridge cafe , simply crispy in belfast which serves crisp sandwiches and brick lane 's cereal killer cafe . the porridge cafe - from the founders of the bow street kitchen nik wiliamson and elly harrington - opened in early march and serves 25 types of porridge made from 11 different grains . prices range from £2.35 for a bowl of basic porridge to £7 for the more hearty versions , with meat and vegetable toppings . the cafe serves both sweet and savoury versions of the traditional breakfast dish . in december 2014 self-confessed cereal obsessives alan and gary keery launched the uk’s first cereal cafe featuring 120 cereals , 20 types of toppings and 12 varieties of milk . the identical twins’ establishment opened in brick lane , london and offers a menu of over 100 cereals from around the world . the duo came under fire when they first opened their cafe , for charging £3.20 for a bowl of cereal . the single-item cafe movement is not just confined to london . belfast 's simply crispy which opened earlier in january was the brainchild of businessman andrew mcmenamin who had planned to keep his pop-up going for just four weeks . alan and gary keery launched the uk’s first cereal cafe featuring 120 cereals , 20 types of toppings and 12 varieties of milk . belfast 's simply crispy which opened in january is the brainchild of businessman andrew mcmenamin . but with diners queuing down the street to get their hands on the snacks , which have sold out every day , the cafe will now stay open and could even expand to other shops in northern ireland , dublin , or london . ' we have managed to sell out every day - not the crisps though , the bread , the baps . we ca n't get our hands on enough fresh baps because everything flies out of the door , ' mr mcmenamin said . moo’d , opened by best friends zoe blogg and jen gibb in leeds in february this year , offers 100 different cereals as well as ‘cocktails’ consisting of mixed varieties of different brands . not wanting to be left behind , two rivals are racing to become manchester 's first cereal cafe . black milk cereal dive has confirmed it will open in afflecks palace this month , and according to twitter , cereal central mcr is ' coming soon . ' the acai berry is a rich purple palm fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest . for hundreds of years , these small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native amazon people . the berries are packed with amino acids , as well as vitamins a , b , c and e and minerals such as potassium , calcium , magnesium , copper and zinc . the fruit perishes quickly after being picked , so to help preserve its goodness it is often made into acai berry juice , supplements or powder , which is often whizzed into a smoothie . according to some sites selling acai products , the berry 's fibre and essential fatty acid content contribute to its ability to burn fat more efficiently , process food more quickly , cut down on cravings , and boost metabolism . 