an ex-wife of a north carolina man serving life in prison for the murder of his third wife has opened up about the abuse she faced when she was married to the man . amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . he went on to marry his third wife , shelby wilkie . michael wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of shelby wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole . amanda casey has opened up about the abuse she faced at the hands of michael wilkie , who in january was found guilty of the 2012 murder of his third wife . ' he said if i ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me , ' casey told abc 's 20/20 . casey and shelby wilkie had met michael wilkie through an online dating site . casey said they dated for a year-and-a-half before getting married . ' he was very friendly , very charming , easy to talk to , very soft spoken , and he had a good job and seemed to be pretty good , ' casey said . a couple months after marrying in 2004 , michael wilkie began controlling aspects of casey 's life and alienating himself from casey 's daughter from a previous marriage , casey said . ' if i planned to do something with one of my friends , he would manipulate the situation , and there would be something that came up that would interfere or get in the way , ' she said . and then he began to get physically abusive and attacked her when she was pregnant with their daughter . he grabbed me around my throat and threw me around our bedroom and on the bed . my shoulder went through and made that hole in the sheetrock in the bedroom , ' she said . michael wilkie ( left ) was sentenced to life in prison with no parole for killing his third wife , shelby wilkie ( right ) . shelby and michael wilkie , both of north carolina , had met on an online dating site . but casey never reported the incident and her friends and family were not aware of michael wilkie 's abusive side because ' he was so good at masking ' . ' it was like jekyll and hyde : two personalities and you did n't know which one you would get , ' casey said . ' you did n't know which one . you would meet when you got home . ' she said she ' had thoughts ' that michael wilkie would kill her , ' mainly because he told me he would kill me ' . but casey did n't leave wilkie for quite some time . ' i am the type of person that i will stay in a situation , whether it 's a job or a marriage … longer than i should because i do n't give up hope easily , ' she told 20/20 . ' and i am always thinking about , ' what could i do to make it better ? ' after an argument about pictures taken of their daughters together in 2006 , casey left michael wilkie . she took her older daughter but left the couple 's three-year-old behind . the couple later divorced in 2008 . casey eventually remarried and gained joint-custody of her and michael wilkie 's child , and met her former husband 's new wife , shelby wilkie , at a school event for their daughter . shelby wilkie was murdered in 2012 and her remains were found after a long search . her and michael wilkie 's child , sydney ( left ) , is in the process of being adopted by shelby 's brother , bill sprowls , jr , against michael’s wishes . she did not , however , warn shelby wilkie about the abuse she faced when she was married to michael wilkie . ' i had hoped that things had changed , and that it was me and not , you know , him . and that way , hey , he could be happy . she could be happy , and it could be a nice household environment , ' casey said about the couple . just before shelby wilkie went missing the pair did have a short conversation . ' she said , ' i just want to ask you some things about michael , is that ok ? ' and i said , ' sure , ' casey recalled . ' and i said , ' shelby , if there is anybody that knows what you are going through , it 's me . ' casey told shelby wilkie she had to go shortly after and asked her to call her back . she never got a call back , and instead saw michael wilkie pleading for shelby wilkie to come home . casey ( right ) married michael wilkie in 2004 . she said a few months after the wedding be become controlling and eventually physically abusive . at times , she said she feared he would kill her . at first , casey thought that shelby wilkie had run from her husband , but michael wilkie was then arrested , charged and found guilty of his wife 's murder . shelby wilkie had filed two domestic violence charges against her husband before her death , but both were voluntarily dismissed , according to wsoc . blood and her ashes , along with a charred bracelet her mother had given her , were later found and michael wilkie was arrested , according to abc . and it was n't until his arrest that casey finally felt safe , she said . ' it 's made me grow as a person , ' she said . ' and it has made me stronger as a human being . ' 