dawn bainbridge ( pictured ) led a ' family business ' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores before selling them on . a mother-of-two branded ' fagin ' made almost £50,000 in a lucrative family shoplifting firm with her daughters - and now they have been told to pay back just £1 each . dawn bainbridge , 47 , of west rainton , county durham , led a ' family business ' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north and sell them online through facebook . their company ' designer goods north east ' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months , had detailed sales records and even a debters' book . in a note seized by police , one daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone . at newcastle crown court last year judge sean morris jailed bainbridge for 30 months , her daughter claire bainbridge , 21 , for 20 months and other daughter caitlyn bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars . the mother , who is still serving her sentence , and two daughters , who have since been released , were back in court today for a hearing under the proceeds of crime act . prosecutor bridie smurthwaite told the court the mother made £15,017 , claire made £26,180 and caitlyn made £7,476 from their illegal enterprise . the court heard none of the women have any assets that can be seized or sold so they were ordered to pay back just £1 each . miss smurthwaite told the court : ' there are confiscation orders in the sum of £1 , that sum to be paid within 28 days . ' the mother was allowed 56 days to pay back her £1 as she is the only one still in custody . the women face up to seven days behind bars if they fail to pay the £1 each on time . claire bainbridge , 21 , ( pictured left ) and sister caitlyn bainbridge , 19 , ( right ) were both ordered to pay £1 each . during sentencing last year the judge slammed bainbridge's parenting . the judge told the women : ' this was a professional , criminal family firm . ' thousands and thousands of pounds worth of goods were taken in professional , planned shoplifting expeditions and professionally marketed by you on your own paypal account and with money being withdrawn to distribute amongst the directors of the firm . ' people seem to think shoplifting does n't matter . well it does . ' the outlay shops have to provide : security machines , security guards , cameras ; all because people like you ca n't keep their grubby hands off other people 's property . ' the vast majority of this country , many of whom are in far worse situations than you , hold their heads up high and live honest lives . ' you obviously regard yourself as far too clever to be like them . ' the judge told dawn bainbridge as he jailed her : ' you now have time to think about the effects of your offences on your family . you were the mother and leader of the criminal firm . at newcastle crown court last year judge sean morris jailed dawn bainbridge , 47 , for 30 months , daughter claire bainbridge , 21 , for 20 months and caitlyn bainbridge , 19 , to 16 months behind bars . ' you are the villain of the piece . it 's your fault your daughters are in court . some mother . ' jamie adams , defending caitlyn , said at the sentencing hearing : ' the whole scenario is reminiscent of something dickens would write about . ' fagin comes to mind in the form of her mother . ' the family stole from stores in leeds , bradford , guiseley , york , knaresborough , harrogate , stockton , bishop auckland , durham , gateshead and edinburgh . their operation was uncovered by an investigator for high street chain next , who bought clothes from the facebook page and proved they were stolen . when police raided the family home last march , they recovered goods stolen from next , house of fraser , marks and spencer and elsewhere worth nearly £7,000 . but still the thieving continued . police seized a further £900-worth of stolen goods in june 2014 . all three admitted conspiracy to steal at the time .