professor ninian peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture . a pioneering facial surgeon ‘repeatedly’ punched a patient in the head in an ‘extraordinary’ attempt to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident , a medical tribunal has heard . professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he had simply ‘ digitally manipulated’ the patient’s face as part of hospital treatment , but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him , the tribunal was told . the world-renowned surgeon , who has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients and has been published in academic texts , faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients . a medical practitioners tribunal service hearing in manchester was told a man referred to as patient a had suffered ‘ extensive injuries’ to the right side of his face in an industrial accident . he was admitted to ipswich hospital in february 2012 where professor peckitt was working as an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo-facial surgery since the previous month . christopher hamlet , representing the general medical council , told the hearing : ‘ the case is not centred around the outcome , but the method of the surgery by way of the extraordinary allegation that he repeatedly punched the patient in the face . ’ he added that patient a had fallen out of bed which had further displaced his facial fractures . the hearing was told professor peckitt embarked on a ‘ closed reduction’ procedure , in which a patient is given anaesthetic before the fractured bone is manually put back together without surgery , and a cast or splint applied . mr peckitt was working as an honorary locum at ipswich hospital in suffolk at the time of the alleged incident in february 2012 . a medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register . professor peckitt , formerly of doncaster , later described the procedure as one in which the patient’s face had been ‘ digitally manipulated as best they could be achieved’ , the hearing heard . it was also alleged he treated patient a without seeking advice from colleagues . he quit his post at the hospital days later . he was also alleged to have failed to check the medical records of a second patient , patient b , which led to him attempting an unnecessary procedure on her , and to have treated another , patient c , for a complex facial deformity without seeking the advice of another surgeon . professor peckitt , who is now working in dubai , has submitted emails in which he ‘ emphatically denies’ the allegations , and claims he has been ‘victimised’ . ‘ in relation to patient a , he says they simply didn’t see any punching , ’ mr hamlet said . dr timothy mellor , an expert called for the gmc , prepared a report . ‘ he confirmed it is entirely inappropriate to try to reduce a fracture with external force alone or whether the punch was additional manipulation – there is no basis you can reduce a fracture in that nature , ’ mr hamlet said . the hearing continues .  