when a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on instagram to inspire others , she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery . hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , did n't get that far though ; her images of the stretchmarks on her tummy were vetoed by the world 's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them . the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ' nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines . scroll down for video . confidence shattered : hannah moore , who had shots of her stretchmarked stomach removed ' within two minutes ' of posting them on photo-sharing site instagram , said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away . body pride : hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body . she gave birth to twin girls lily and grace ( pictured above with fiance david johnstone , 22 ) in june last year . hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone , 22 , in june last year . moore said : ' nobody could get on my instagram and nobody could search for it so someone had obviously reported the picture for nudity - all it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away . ' it 's yet another example of instagram coming under fire for refusing to publish certain images , particularly photos that are dedicated to showing the female form in its most honest state . shots of menstrual blood , stretchmarks following childbirth , pubic hair and naked breasts have all felt the wrath of the site 's censors . critics have also highlighted that plenty of images that many might find offensive such as users bragging about extreme wealth while poking fun at the poor or pro-guns graffiti often get the green light for publication . just last week , instagram , which boasts 300 million monthly users , announced that it has toughened up its rules on the types of pictures users can post in a bid to cut down on pornography and harassment . samm newman received an apology from instagram for removing these images of her in her underwear . the 19-year-old had posted the shot to celebrate her curves ... but later found they had been removed . megan tonje saw a picture of her bottom - covered by sizeable black pants - banned for contravening instagram 's rules , even though she posted it in a spirit of body confidence with the hashtags # honormycurves and # effyourbeautystandards . the overhaul of instagram 's community guidelines is the biggest since facebook bought the app three years ago for $ 1 billion . although it has banned 'close-ups of fully nude buttocks ' , it remains perfectly fine to post a shot of a woman 's rear if she is wearing underwear . a spokesman for the site said : ' we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we don’t allow nudity on instagram . one rule for one : images such as the shot above , taken from the picture stream of american social media star dan bilzerian , appear liberally on the site . star support : willow smith joined the campaign to use images of bare breasts by tweeting this picture on her @ officialwillow twitter page last year . the # freethenipple campaign saw a host of web users staging their protests against what they perceived as sexism by instagram . ' this includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ' it also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ' nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is ok , too . ' however , the boundaries laid out above seem to contradict the image posted by many . when singer-songwriter meghan tonje published an image of her bottom in underwear in may 2014 , she was dismayed to find it promptly removed for being deemed as ' mature ' content . tonje says you do n't need to wander very far on instagram to find images of photos of other women in a similar pose , which have all been published by the site , leading to accusations that she was discriminated against because she was bigger than some of the bikini models who feature . elsewhere , earlier this year , an australian media agency sticks and stones claimed the site had removed one of its images which showed two women wearing bikinis and showing some pubic hair . sticks and stones said the photo-sharing site had ' censored ' their image and argued that it was a sexist move and it would not have happened had the shot been a picture of two men . ainsley hutchence , the agency 's director , said at the time : ' unfortunately instagram has ruled out natural hair that appears on all bodies of women that do n't trim their bikini lines . ' this hair occasionally does spill out of the sides of swimwear as it does on men in their underwear . but instagram seem to be ok with man pubes . ' he added : ' clearly this is absolutely sexist . instagram believes that women should wax or get off their platform . ' this shot , published by australian media agency sticks and stones , was banned by instagram for showing public hair . the agency said it though the image would have been published if it had shown two men . when photographer rupi kaur published a photo of a woman lying fully clothed on a bed with menstrual blood between her legs , the site removed it twice , saying that kaur was n't following ' community guidelines'.instagram eventually apologised . other high profile bans include a protest by scout willis ( daughter of bruce willis and demi moore ) who saw a photo of a jumper with two bare-breasted women on it removed from the site . willis said at the time : ' women are regularly kicked off instagram for posting photos with any portion of the areola exposed . ' while photos sans nipple – degrading as they might be – remain unchallenged . ' such ' unchallenged ' images might include the profile of us poker player dan bilzerian , who regularly posts near pornographic images of women alongside misogynistic language . his posts include a woman dressed in provocative school uniform-type dress but with her shirt tied beneath her breasts and only pink tape covering her nipples . in other shots , scantily clad women cavort together or thrust their cleavage into the camera . after pressure from critics , the world 's most popular photo-sharing website has been forced to clarify how it treats certain images . last week , instagram said it was making clearer what exactly is allowed . ' we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we don’t allow nudity on instagram . fans were not happy when michael buble shared this instagram photo from his miami holiday accompanying it with hashtags that included the words ' # myhumps # babygotback # hungryshorts ' . despite stipulating that close-ups of ' fully nude buttocks ' are banned on the service , kendall jenner posted a side-on view of her posterior without complaints . ' this includes photos , videos , and some digitally-created content that show sexual intercourse , genitals , and close-ups of fully-nude buttocks . ' it also includes some photos of female nipples , but photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ' nudity in photos of paintings and sculptures is ok , too . ' its censoring filter may have received attention but as our images show , there are plenty of photos that might cause offense that have made it through : when global music star michael bublé posed in front of a female in miami last week to deliberately highlight her bottom , the image was promptly published to his million-strong following on instagram . the photo , which the singer tagged with the words ' # myhumps # babygotback # hungryshorts # onlyinmiami ' , shows a close shot of bublé in the foreground while the rear of a female shopper was clearly in view . in spite of a public apology and wide criticism , the image remains on bublé 's site . such ' unchallenged ' images might include the photostream of us poker player dan bilzerian , who regularly posts images of scantily clad women . many instagram users will be baffled as to why an image depicting a woman who is practically topless , as her shirt is tied beneath her bust , has been allowed to stay on the site . bar two bits of tape on her nipples , the woman 's breasts are entirely bare , yet it falls within the rules , essentially on a technicality thanks to the strategically placed tape . kendall jenner , meanwhile , posted a provocative that depicts the side of her entirely naked bottom , with a car balanced on the top of one cheek , yet despite the stipulation regarding ' close ups of fully-nude buttocks ' , the shot has been deemed acceptable . hypocritical ? instagram says it does n't allow nudity on the site , yet enables shots such as the above to appear on the page of us poker player dan bilzerian . only words , say instagram ... this image promoting the use of guns was published by user andygotphotos . beyond the pale ? a young user came under fire for describing her father as her ' man crush monday ' every day . this inappropriate post was then compounded by her hashtags that reveal she 's at her great grandmother 's funeral . despite ongoing bloodshed in syria , positive messages and pictures of the country 's president , bashar al-assad , are regularly uploaded to the site , with no objections from instagram .