claudia martin , 33 , has been convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter . a mother-of-five has been convicted of killing her newborn baby girl by filling her mouth with toilet paper and hiding her body in a suitcase . claudia martins gave birth alone at her sister 's flat having kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends . paramedics were called after the 33-year-old , a portuguese national , was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' and she was taken to hospital . earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days . martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility . during her trial at bristol crown court the jury was told she gave birth alone at her sister 's flat in knowle , bristol on september 12 last year . adam vaitilingam qc , prosecuting , said : ' she told no-one of her pregnancy and gave birth in as secretive a way as she could , for someone living in a crowded flat , and kept the fact of that birth secret from all those around her and closest to her , including her sister . ' she placed the body of the baby in a suitcase , hidden from anyone . ' no doubt , we suggest she intended to dispose of it but was prevented from doing so by the arrival of the paramedics , who took her off to hospital . ' two days later , her sister vilma raised the alarm after noticing a smell coming from a suitcase in the defendant 's bedroom . police were called to the flat and discovered the body of a newborn baby inside martins ' small , black suitcase , on september 15 . martins , described as having an extremely low iq , was arrested and admitted she had given birth but said the baby was stillborn . a post-mortem examination found a wad of toilet paper inside the baby 's mouth , which experts claim was ' deliberately inserted ' . the jury heard martins is originally from mozambique in africa but moved to portugal before settling in bristol in 2011 , living in a two-bedroom flat with her sister vilma marshall , ms marshall 's partner , and five children . giving evidence , martins told the court : ' i did not kill my daughter . i did not put tissue paper in her throat . i did n't kill her . no , i did not kill my daughter . ' mr justice teare remanded martins , of marshall walk , knowle , bristol into custody to await the preparation of reports . she will be sentenced at a later date . detective inspector neil meade , of avon and somerset police , said : ' the death of a baby is always a tragedy but the unique circumstances make this a particularly emotive case for everyone involved . ' we carried out a sensitive and comprehensive investigation into the circumstances of the baby girl 's death and obtained statements from medical experts specialising in this field . ' we 've also worked closely with the crown prosecution service from the outset . the jury has listened to the evidence and convicted claudia martins of manslaughter . ' our thoughts are very much with the victim 's wider family as they are struggling to comprehend how and why this tragedy happened . ' martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility at bristol crown court , pictured .  