google is facing a fine of up to £4billion as europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant . the eu has been investigating the us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent - but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions . now the european commission , the eu 's top antitrust authority , is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them , so that officials can begin to build a case against the firm . if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than £4 billion based on last year 's performance . facing huge fine : google is facing a fine of up to £4billion as europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant . shopping , comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the eu , the wall street journal reports . us companies microsoft and trip advisor are among those that have filed complaints against google with the eu . a decision to file charges would kick start the eu 's most prominent antitrust suit since its ten year-long campaign against microsoft corp. - the firm was forced to pay out more than a £1billion in fines in 2012 . the specific document the eu is said to be preparing is referred to as a statement of objections . once filed , it 's likely that a number of deeper investigations , counter-statements , and settlement discussions would ensue . if the search engine and the eu can not come to an agreement , then fines could be issued and restrictions placed on google 's behavior . leading investigation : new eu antitrust chief margrethe vestager has suggested she favours pursuing legal action against google over pushing for a settlement . the company would then have the right to appeal the case to the highest european court . even if it is settled without a huge fine , antitrust cases can be hugely disruptive for firm , as microsoft discovered . the european commission has also been investigating whether google has been ' scraping ' content from rivals ' sites , and placing unreasonable restrictions on advertisers and software developers who do business with them . a ' preliminary view ' taken by the commission in march 2013 was that google was abusing its dominant position in a number of areas . the company has denied any wrongdoing . speaking in berlin last week , kent walker , the company 's senior vice president & general counsel , highlighted the ' painfully long list of unsuccessful google products ' , including google+ and street view in germany , as proof that competition laws were serving their purpose . long-running dispute : former eu antitrust chief joaquin almunia , above , made three unsuccessful attempts to resolve the dispute between google and its european rivals . the eu 's investigation of complaints that google abuses its dominance of the online search market to hurt rivals began in 2010 . the us company handles more than 90 per cent of web searches in europe - considerably higher than its share of the us market . comparison-shopping sites claim that when consumers use google to search for products online , google positions results from google shopping prominently . the argument is that this relegates products from rival sites to positions lower down the search page , where they might not be seen . margrethe vestager , the eu 's new antitrust chief , has suggested she will pursue legal action rather than seek a settlement . google and commissioner vestager’s predecessor , joaquin almunia , made three attempts to resolve the dispute , but in each case intense pressure by national governments , internet rivals and privacy advocates scuppered the effort . the latest settlement proposed by mr. almunia fell apart following a series of interventions by powerful political players , including a letter from the economy ministers of france and germany calling for greater concessions from google , and protests from german publishing houses . in november the european parliament passed a resolution calling for a possible breakup of google , brushing aside an unusual series of objections from the us congress that the move risked politicizing an antitrust investigation . ms. vestager met a month ago with eric schmidt , google 's executive chairman . last week , she indicated that her priority was to ensure that smaller internet firms could compete with the industry 's giants .