she became a model at the tender age of 14 . and after achieving global success as one of the world 's most famous supermodels , gisele bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on wednesday . the 34-year-old beauty - who has announced she 's retiring from the runway - was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles . scroll down for video . her swan song : gisele bunchen sashayed down the catwalk for the last time at são paulo fashion week on wednesday . it 's goodbye : a teary-eyed gisele shared this photo on instagram revealing the experience of walking the catwalk for the last time and the rousing send-off she received had left her speechless . the brazilian mother of two , who is married to nfl quarterback tom brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family but has also vowed to continue working in the industry . gisele made her big entrance with the lights dimmed - apart from the glow of a neon colcci logo behind her - and launched down the catwalk to the beat of an uptempo indie-rock track . the mother-of-two sizzled in a pretty white embroidered halterneck dress along with some black knee-high gladiator-style boots . her golden blonde tresses were styled into her signature beachy waves and her make-up palette was natural with a nude lip . one more turn : the mother-of-two sizzled in a white embroidered halterneck dress with knee-high gladiator boots as she modeled for colcci . sexy shoulders : gisele appeared to be wearing a black multi-strap bra under the frock . colcci spring 2016 dress . check out colcci 's current line here . visit site . after 20 years of striding with pride , giselle bundchen finishes her runway career at colcci , a brazilian fashion brand , in a stunning sheer white halter neck dress . this kind of dress is a must have for summer . throw it over a bikini for the beach or style it just like the runway over a black cage bra and gladiator heels for the ultimate rocker boho music festival look . colcci style is heavily influenced by street wise clothing , with a hint of hip hop culture as well as mexican folk art . they have one store in new jersey and they 're a hard brand to find online . not to worry , if you 're not heading to brazil anytime soon , we found several sheer breezy dresses that will have you ready for your summer entrance . the free people one is under $ 100 and our favorite pick . isabel marant eyelet serena sundress at barneys . visit site . free people eyelet slip dress . visit site . free people dress in lace with cold shoulder detail at asos . visit site . motel anderson halterneck knit dress at asos . visit site . showstopper : gisele made her big entrance to the beat of an uptempo indie-rock track and the lights dimmed . stunning : the 34-year-old showed off her yoga-honed limbs in the designer wear . golden goddess : ms bundchen 's golden skin tone popped next to the delicate white fabric of her baby doll style dress . international catwalk star : the brazilian beauty has enjoyed a career spanning 20 years has announced she is now retiring from the runway . supportive : the model 's nfl star husband tom brady was watching proudly from the audience . another outfit featured a silk white and orange striped sundress which she teamed with a nude version of the same toeless boot . supporting her from the sidelines was tom brady , as well as many of her family members including her parents vania and valdir . the 37-year-old athlete took to facebook to write a loving message for his wife of five years . ' congratulations love of my life , you inspire me every day to be a better person . i am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway . i have never met someone with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way . ' you never cease to amaze me . nobody loves life more then you and your beauty runs much deeper then what the eye can see . i can’t wait to see what’s next . i love you . ‪ # ‎goat‬ ‪ # ‎thebestisyettocome‬ . ' she 's a pro : gisele was also seen in a delicate orange and white striped frock with nude boots . supermodel credentials : the wife of tom brady oozed sex appeal as she made her turn at the end of the runway . end of an era : gisele was the perfect model for the colcci 2016 summer collection . strike a pose : the model displayed her expert moves that are no doubt second nature to her after her 20-year career . celebrating her : at the end of the show the bronzed beauty was joined by the other models who sported white t-shirts with images of the supermodel . effortlessly cool : gisele flashed her toned tummy in a cropped white sleeveless t-shirt and ripped jeans . family affair : also watching from the audience was gisele 's parents vania and valdir as well as her sister gabriela . at the end of the show gisele made one last appearance and was joined by all the other models to take a bow at the end of the runway . they all sported white t-shirts bearing the chiseled face of gisele herself . gisele flashed her toned tummy as she raised her arms to cheer alongside her catwalk crew and looked emotional as she bid farewell to the catwalk . before she took to the spotlight on wednesday , gisele sipped on a cocktail while backstage of the show . ' almost ready , ' the supermodel captioned an image of her holding a giant piece of fruit with a straw in it as she got ready in her dressing room . earlier in the day the vogue staple posted a shot to instagram as a fresh-faced 14-year-old , writing : ' i am grateful that at 14 , i was given the opportunity to start this journey ' . grateful : the blonde beauty acknowledged the audience at the end of the show . that 's all folks : gisele jumped for joy as she was joined by the rest of the genetically blessed catwalk crew . final fling : her own t-shirt appeared to show the health-fanatic bending over backwards in one of her yoga poses . stealing the show : the 5 ' 11 '' star playfully pulled out the hem of her dress . she ca n't stop smiling ! gisele cheerfully posed alongside designer adriana zucco before the show . a household name the world over , bundchen rivals soccer legend pele for the status of brazil 's most internationally famous citizen , and her meteoric rise from a middle-class family in a small , rural town to superstar is the stuff of modeling legend . when the iconic model announced at the weekend that she would walk her final catwalk on this week in brazil , it marked the end of an era on the catwalk . on wednesday she told her followers : ' today after 20 years in the industry it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business . # firstrunway # 14yearsold . ' first look at her last hurrah : later an image of the wife of tom brady was seen on the carpet . gisele appeared to be wearing a lacy white baby doll dress with black straps . flashback : gisele posted a fresh-faced snap aged 14 to her instagram account on wednesday after announcing her retiremen . sexy : gisele has been called the last remaining true supermodel by claudia schiffer and naomi campell , pictured at the victoria 's secrets secret fashion show in new york in 2003 . the 5ft 11in amazon told a brazilian newspaper : ' automatically my body tells me if what i do is worth it , and it asked to stop . ' she told the folha de são paulo newspaper : ' i respect my body , it 's a privilege to be able to stop . ' bündchen continued : ' i do n't see how to continue [ modeling on the catwalk ] ... and stopping will leave room for other projects i have for myself . ' she was born and raised along with five sisters , including a fraternal twin , in the southern state of rio grande do sul , a center of german immigration to brazil . bundchen was discovered by a modeling agency at age 14 and she came in second place in a nationwide modeling contest , before moving to new york to work the fashion runways there . by age 20 , she 'd become a fashion sensation , her freckled face and flowing dirty blond locks gracing the cover of top fashion magazines worldwide and her unique combination of legginess and curves causing a sensation during her runway appearances . bundchen 's success with her healthy good looks was heralded as marking the end of the sickly skinny and bedraggled `` heroin chic '' look that had dominated runways for years . the brazilian beauty was one of the victoria 's secret angels from 2000 until mid-2007 . on the catwalk , the leggy supermodel pioneered the ' horse walk ' , a stomping movement created when a model picks her knees up high and kicks her feet out in front . however , the img model plans to continue with her numerous print and commercial campaigns . running out : the brazilian announced her retirement on saturday marking the end of an era on the catwalk , pictured at the victoria 's secrets show in 2002 . according to forbes , gisele is worth $ 386 million and has amassed $ 47 million in the last year alone , thanks to her lucrative campaigns for chanel , under armour , pantene , h & m , carolina herrera , and more . that amounts to her pocketing $ 128,000 a day - dwarfing linda evangelista who famously declared she would n't get out of bed for less than $ 10,000 . the highest-paid supermodel for the last ten years , she plans to publish a coffee table book and appear in a documentary on her life . forbes list her as the 89th most powerful woman in the world . she ventured into acting and appeared in fashion flick the devil wears prada in 2006 . from 2000 to 2005 , gisele was in a relationship with actor leonardo dicaprio . she married nfl star brady in 2009 . the new england patriots quarterback says he has no plans of his own to retire . the 6ft4in athlete told the salesforce world tour - according to the boston herald : ' [ boston ] is where my kids were born , where they 'll be raised . i 'll be a lifer here . ' the attractive power couple share son benjamin , 5 , and daughter vivian , 2 , and brady has a son jack , 7 , with ex-partner bridget moynahan . trend-setter : on the catwalk , the leggy supermodel pioneered the ' horse walk ' , a stomping movement created when a model picks her knees up high and kicks her feet out in front . high-profile romance : from 2000 to 2005 , gisele was in a relationship with actor leonardo dicaprio , pictured at the oscars in 2005 . lady in red : she married nfl star brady in 2009 , pictured together at moma in new york in 2011 .     