the former miss italy finalist who has accused film mogul harvey weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged . ambra battilana , 22 , did not 'co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ' business meeting ' at his office in manhattan . it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role . but once the ' pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case , sources told the new york post . see below for video . accusations : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan last friday night . beauty queen : battilana is pictured left during the miss italia contest in rome in 2011 and right in 2010 . after filing her police report on friday , march 27 , battilana was eventually interviewed by manhattan da prosecutors on wednesday , april 1 , at the nypd special victims squad 's office in east harlem . sources told the new york post her former lawyer , mark jay heller , withdrew from the case as he was concerned battilana did not appear to be a ' serious victim ' . the day after submitting her police report , the italian model attended a saturday matinee of the weinstein-produced broadway play ' finding neverland ' and even tweeted a photo of her $ 277 , sixth-row orchestra seat . but her new lawyer , david godosky , refuted the claims , saying : ' she immediately went to the police , immediately cooperating with the special victims squad . ' out and about : harvey weinstein is pictured leaving his new york townhouse yesterday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model . he voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation . weinstein , who has produced several oscar-winning films , such as shakespeare in love , pulp fiction and the king 's speech , is said to have met battilana on thursday last week at the opening of a show at radio city music hall . the next day he invited her for a business meeting at his tribeca film festival office on friday night . she claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . he also asked her for a kiss , she claimed . security footage shows the model speaking on the phone as she exited the building half an hour after arriving , it has been reported . mr weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , but a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident , it has been claimed . ' he did n't deny doing what she said he did to her , ' the source told the new york daily news . ' the content of the phone call , there 's no question about what he did . ' she also convinced him to meet him a restaurant and the nypd were also there to watch that meeting , according to the newspaper . it is not clear if he was aware he was being monitored , but following the call and the meeting , he voluntarily went to speak with police on saturday . he requested a lawyer and has promised full cooperation with the probe . weinstein could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations are credible . no charges have been filed and his representatives say they believe he will be cleared . ' we are confident that we will be fully vindicated , ' a weinstein spokesman said . a source close to the weinstein company told page six the groping allegations were nothing more than a ' blackmail attempt ' and insisted the award-winning producer ' did nothing wrong ' . model : battilana ( pictured ) claims he assaulted her at his office on friday after meeting him at a red carpet event on thursday night . afterwards , she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him . the day after submitting her police report , the italian model attended a saturday matinee of the weinstein-produced broadway play ' finding neverland ' and ever tweeted a photo of her $ 277 , sixth-row orchestra seat . under surveillance : following the alleged incident , she arranged to meet with him at the restaurant of the tribeca grand hotel ( pictured ) and the meeting was monitored by police , according to reports . weinstein 's camp have dismissed battilana as an opportunist with a suspect past . it has emerged that battilana previously told italian authorities she witnessed a so-called 'bunga-bunga ' orgy involving disgraced italian prime minister silvio berlusconi at his milan mansion in 2010 . she claimed she had seen young models performing stripteases and baring their breasts to be kissed by the italian leader during a raunchy dinner party . it was also revealed she told italian police in 2010 she was ' forced against ' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old ' businessman of substantial means ' when she was underage . battilana met the wealthy car dealer in september 2009 when she was under 18 and therefore below the age of consent for prostitution in italy , according to italian newspaper reports . in her police statement , she said the man invited her into his car , where he then caressed ' my hand and left leg ' and proposed ' that i become his ' playmate ' , she said . battilana said he then gave her a bag with €2,000 , before assuring her it was only ' an advance of the €5,000 he would give me every month ' . she added : ' despite the indecency of the proposal , both because of my psychological subjection in which i found myself and because of the severe poverty of my family i felt forced against my will not to refuse the money . ' weinstein has been married to his second wife , 38-year-old fashion designer georgina chapman , since 2007 . the couple have two young children together . the relationship ended when she was accepted into the miss italia 2010 pageant . prosecutors in italy asked for the rape allegation to be dismissed in 2012 but it was not reported whether the judge granted the dismissal - although it is likely it would have been carried out . in 2012 , the alba prosecutor told italian newspaper corriere della sera that battilana never showed up to talk to them about her police complaint so they were unable to verify her claims . after becoming famous through the miss italia pageant , battilana began modeling professionally in 2011 , according to social media . she works internationally in milan , london , paris and new york . she recently shot an editorial campaign for bambi magazine in agent provocateur lingerie . weinstein , who is originally from queens , new york , founded miramax studio with his brother bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . he is married to british-born fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label marchesa . the couple have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , eve chilton , which ended in 2004 . the alleged groping took place on friday at the weinstein company offices in manhattan ( pictured ) where battilana had met weinstein to ' discuss business ' . 