each week sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best barclays premier league starting xi of the day . eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win , but who else made the xi ? scroll down to find out . gk - tim howard ( everton vs southampton ) - 7 . had to be alert to james ward-prowse’s swerving effort , stretching a big hand out to his left in order to beat it away . key to everton 's win . everton goalkeeper tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton . def - antonio valencia ( manchester united vs aston villa ) - 7.5 . industrious down the right flank , almost created a goal for rooney with one surge ; not tested defensively . antonio valencia runs with the ball during manchester united 's win over aston villa on saturday . def - marcos rojo ( manchester united vs aston villa ) - 7 . elegant on the ball , passed it well and came close to opening the scoring with a 30-yard drive that fizzed over the bar . marcos rojo was elegant on the ball and passed it well as manchester united won at old trafford . def - phil jagielka ( everton vs southampton ) - 7 . scored what turned out to be the winner and commanded the side to an important win . phil jagielka ( right ) high fives fellow team of the day player howard during everton 's 1-0 victory . def - nacho monreal ( arsenal vs liverpool ) - 7 . solid defensive display , up against lazar markovic and philippe coutinho . arsenal 's nacho monreal put in a solid defensive display against liverpool at the emirates . mid - willian ( chelsea vs stoke city ) - 7.5 . a handful for stoke as he , oscar and hazard linked up well to create chances in the first half , though they were never taken . never short of a run . willian runs with the ball during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city at stamford bridge . mid - joey barton ( west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers ) - 8 . name sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle , in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic 4-1 scoreline . joey barton was rightly praised for his efforts in qpr 's emphatic 4-1 win over west brom . mid - ander herrera ( manchester united vs aston villa ) - 8.5 . to think there was a time when he couldn’t get a game . passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved . ander herrera 's passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved at old trafford . mid - mesut ozil ( arsenal vs liverpool ) - 7.5 . produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put arsenal in control . mesut ozil produced silky touches and a brilliant free-kick for the second which put arsenal in control . mid - eden hazard ( chelsea vs stoke city ) - 8.5 . a live wire . master of the one-two and creating chances . ultimately kept his cool from the spot to give chelsea a much-needed lead before adam’s equaliser . didn’t look tired , despite his weariness during international break . assisted the winning goal . eden hazard looked every bit a premier league winner as chelsea beat stoke at home on saturday . fwd - loic remy ( chelsea vs stoke city ) - 7.5 . looked a worthy replacement for costa as he twice went close to giving chelsea the lead in the opening seven minutes . scored in the second half when mourinho really needed it , and it was deserved . loic remy looked a worthy replacement for diego costa as he scored and was a menace against stoke .