a husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape , ' solicit to murder ' and assault against his wife . a police spokesperson told daily mail australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man , from leumeah , 52 kilometres south-west of sydney , had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . officers were first called to a carrington circuit residence in february where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home . a police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . ' inquiries later revealed the woman had sustained the injuries after jumping from the first-floor balcony of the residence following an alleged domestic dispute , ' a police statement said . after charging the man with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm , officers uncovered a lengthy history of ongoing abuse by interviewing the woman over the next four weeks . a total of 102 separate incidents were recorded . ' this included allegations of ongoing verbal harassment , serious physical assaults and multiple sexual and indecent assaults , ' a police statement said . the man faced campbelltown local court ( pictured ) on wednesday . he was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 . the man faced campbelltown local court on wednesday where he was charged with the 102 offences which included ' solicit to murder , assault occasioning actual bodily harm , assault with act of indecency , intentionally choke person , contravene avo , sexual intercourse without consent and common assault ' . he was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 . the australian government is cracking down on domestic violence . social services minister scott morrison announced that the government would provide $ 15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years . ' we are a fairly laconic laidback society , but we can not be laconic and laidback when it comes to domestic violence ; we have to have a zero tolerance on it , ' mr morrison said , while urging men to ' challenge each other 's ideas ' around the topic , according to the abc . meanwhile the council of australian governments meeting ( coag ) today discussed the establishment of a national domestic violence order scheme which would strengthen protection orders across jurisdictions . state leaders will also decide whether they will help fund a $ 30 million awareness campaign on the issue . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .