clay aiken , the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress , uncorked some show-biz venom monday on the election 's winner , rep. renee ellmers . ' she 's a b**ch ! ' aiken told siriusxm radio host howard stern , discussing his esquire network documetary program that chronicles his failed bid for a seat in the house of representatives . the show is called ' the runner-up , ' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of american idol . american idol runner-up and congressional election runner-up clay aiken body-slammed rep. renee ellmers on monday 's howard stern show , calling her a 'b**ch ' and an ' idiot ' . ellmers , an intensive-care nurse by training , beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing aiken in november . ellmers , an intensive-care nurse who married a surgeon , plays an unwitting part in the show . 'she’s an idiot , ' said aiken , 36 . ' and i think her self-esteem is just in the floor . under the floor . ' the 51-year-old congresswoman captured 58.8 per cent of the vote on her way to a third term , compared with aiken 's 41.2 per cent . he won the democratic primary when his chief rival , businessman keith crisco , died suddenly after a fall . crisco was a former state secretary of commerce and a political veteran . aiken is sketching out a second political life on the small screen , and lobbed some publicity for his show at stern 's gigantic audience – along with some slaps at ellmers . ' you should see the second episode , because she’s a bitch , ' he said during the interview . a spokeswoman for ellmers scoffed at aiken , telling daily mail online that his ' crude language and disrespectful demeanor towards the congresswoman has proven to the american people why he is a runner up . ' aiken does n't much seem to care . he 's already planning the third act in his political play , telling stern that he 's planning a future bid for elective office . missed it by that much : aiken conceded the race to ellmers in november after she shellacked him by a nearly 18-point margin . ' within the next decade i will [ run ] again , ' he said . but ' not right now . probably before six years . ' aiken , who is openly gay , also dove deep into his love life , telling stern how hard he found it to date in new york city . he said he has stayed away from anonymous hookup apps like grindr , insisting that he 's ' not as much of a whore as people would like to think . ' it seems aiken picks his paramours from among men who friend him on facebook . 'here’s the honest truth : when people friend me – god , i 'm goign to admit this to people – when people friend me , if it’s a guy who’s really cute , i’ll accept him , ' he said . ' and then i’ll look at the pictures . ' suddenly realizing that he had unleashed a flood of male admirers who might stalk him on social media , aiken let out a shriek , and shouted : 's**t ! ' stern 's producers wrote an editorial note on his website monday afternoon , discouraging the practice . ' do not send clay a friend request now – after today 's interview he is no longer accepting facebook friend requests for dates ! ' the warning read . howard stern , a shock-jock radio host with a broad following , asked aiken about his esquire network show and his taste in men . two-time loser : aiken placed second to ruben studdard ( right ) in 2003 in the second season of the american idol talent-search show . aiken insisted that he 's skilled at screening out people who are only interested in him for his fame . ' my bulls**t detector is pretty f**king good , ' he claimed . he also complained about a former boyfriend , a law profesor , who left him high and dry . ' he was an aires , and he 's flightly . ... gay men are flighty as hell , ' aiken said . ' who the f**k breaks up with clay aiken ? ' the hill was first to report aiken 's on-air swipe at ellmers .