the british father of a 15-year-old who plunged 19 storeys to her death in an apparent suicide left court holding hands with his partner , after she was charged with ' wilful neglect ' . managing director nick cousins looked visibly upset and his filipino wife herminia garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the sai wai ho suburb of hong kong , after she was granted bail . the 53-year-old was arrested after her teenage daughter , blanca cousins , fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in hong kong on tuesday . scroll down for video . nick cousins left the hong kong court clutching the hand of his wife herminia garcia , who is charged with wilful neglect following the death of their 15-year-old daughter , blanca cousins , in an apparent suicide . the couple did not make a statement after they left court . mr cousins was also arrested on suspicion of ' ill treatment ' after it emerged blanca 's birth had not been registered , but he has not been charged and is on bail . blanca cousins , 15 , fell to her death from the luxury hong kong apartment block where she lived on tuesday in an apparent suicide . it has emerged her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , was never registered . she was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years . mr cousins , 57 , was also arrested on suspicion of ‘ ill treatment’ after it emerged that blanca’s birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , had not registered . it is also alleged that they did not attend school . he has not been charged and is currently on bail . the couple refused to comment as they left eastern magistrates court and were whisked away in a black mercedes . a spokesman for the family said : ' the court has determined for the time being the family should stay together , we ask that you respect their privacy at this difficult time . we have nothing further to say at the moment . ' police have applied for a ' care and protection ' order for the couple 's other child , but she is back with them pending a court hearing . the luxury apartment block in hong kong where the cousins lived , and 15-year-old blanca fell to her death . herminia garcia moved to hong kong from the philippines in the nineties to work as a domestic helper for nick cousins , before becoming his partner . it is not clear whether they married , although she uses his surname . mr cousins , originally from thurrock , essex , is managing director of the hong kong arm of international insurance broking firm jardine lloyd thompson , and has worked for the firm in asia for more than 20 years . it is understood that ms garcia - also known as grace cousins - moved to hong kong from the philippines in the 1990s to work for mr cousins as a domestic helper before becoming his partner . it is unclear whether they had married , although she uses his surname . the couple were watching television in the family’s home , on the 19th floor of hong kong 's most luxurious apartment buildings , when blanca locked herself in a bathroom before failing to her death . paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building in repulse bay road . a police source said they did not find a suicide note from blanca , pictured , but said they were aware the girl was ' unhappy ' . a horse lover , she was a member of the hong kong pony club and would have turned 16 in july . police sources claimed while no suicide note had been found they were aware the girl had been ' unhappy ' in recent weeks . blanca – who was known as blancs – was due to celebrate her 16th birthday in july . if their births were not registered , it means she would not have been able to attend school , travel abroad or receive medical treatment – unless paid for privately . however she appeared to have enjoyed a relatively normal life , and seemed to have a wide circle of friends among the city’s well to do expatriate community . a police spokeswoman said a security guard found blanca lying on the ground at the foot of the apartment . she was a member of the hong kong pony club and had recently attended hong kong sevens rugby tournament , after her father secured a box there , and had invited friends to join her at the event . ms garcia’s charge sheet , seen by the daily mail , states that she is accused of overstaying in hong kong from 1994 until 2015 , having initially entered as a visitor . she is also charged with ‘ill-treatment or neglect’ of a child between july 1 , 2000 and april 7 this year ‘ in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering’ . it states her occupation as housewife . she was bailed until june .