a fully grown new yorker has filed a lawsuit claiming he got seriously injured playing a popular children 's game . amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine . kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats . dropped the ball : amol gupta ( not pictured ) , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow . filed of dreams : the match at the center of the lawsuit took place april 27 , 2013 , on roosevelt island . child 's play : kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats . according to court papers filed in amol gupta 's lawsuit , the young professional joined zogsports ' kickball league in april 2013 . on april 27 , gupta attended a match on roosevelt island , during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall . in his lawsuit , cited by new york post , gupta accuses the organizers of the match of setting the foul and base lines too close to the brick wall . on its website , zogsports is described as a co-ed social sports league for young professionals in new york , new jersey , washington dc , atlanta , philadelphia , los angeles and san francisco . besides kickback , the league offers a variety of throwback , schoolyard-themed games , including dodge ball , wiffle ball , ultimate frisbee and bocce ball . zogspots also has a philanthropic component to its business model , donating money to the winning team 's favorite charity each season . according to its site , the league has contributed more than $ 2.6million to teams ' charities to date . amol gupta 's lawsuit alleges that officials with zogsports acted in a negligent , careless and reckless manner by ' failing to lay out , set up , operate , manage , maintain and inspect , design , and control ' the layout of the kickball field . famous player : in october 2012 , actor bill murray ( center ) caused a stir when he stumbled upon a zogsports kickball match on roosevelt island and joined in the fun . documents filed in court detail gupta 's injuries , which are said to have been ' severe , protracted and incapacitating . ’ as a result of his fall , the kickball enthusiast allegedly required surgery on his broken elbow that involved the installation of a rod with screws and braces . doctors also inserted plates and screws in his damaged wrist . gupta 's lawyer said in a statement that zogsports ' dropped the ball ' in providing a safe environment for its players on april 27 . the plaintiff is suing for unspecified damages . in october 2012 , eccentric actor and comedian bill murray made headlines when he stumbled upon a zogsports kickball match on roosevelt island and joined in the fun . after playing about 10 minutes with a group of 20-somethings , murray 's team lost but he happily posed for pictures with his new pals . 