when floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $ 300 million mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago , there was a collective sigh of relief . after more than five years of wrangling and bickering , the richest fight in boxing history was finally set for may 2 in las vegas . but with 11 days to go until the two protagonists are due to touch gloves , not a single person has a ticket in their hands . floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao next weekend but officially , no tickets are on sale . that 's not to say that nobody has bought one ; seatgeek , which claims to be the world 's largest event ticket search engine , is selling briefs for up to $ 30,000 ( £20,000 ) . these are known as ' spec tickets ' which the sellers do n't have but expect to get before the fight . the venue for the bout , the 16,500-capacity mgm grand arena has the following message on its website : ' details on ticket sales coming soon ! please be aware that tickets for the may 2 , 2015 , mayweather vs pacquiao fight are not yet available for purchase . ' buyers should use extra caution when purchasing alleged tickets from unofficial sources , for fraudulent or counterfeit tickets will not be accepted . ' so why the delay ? initially , pacquiao 's promoter bob arum said tickets would be on sale in the first week of april but that less than 1,000 - priced between $ 1,500 and $ 7,500 - were expected to be made available to the public . pacquiao 's promoter bob arum ( left ) has blamed mayweather 's side for the lack of tickets . leonard ellerbe , ceo of mayweather promotions , claimed they would be on sale last week . the rest would be distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand . but last week , seatgeek analyst connor gregoire said : ' it 's bizarre , normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight . to our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' gregoire went on to say that only a dozen tickets had been sold through the website at an average price of $ 8,000 ( £5,400 ) . another ticketing site , stubhub , are yet to put any tickets on sale . spokesperson alison salcedo said : ' there 's still so much up in the air for this fight that we 're not allowing spec sales . we 're not willing to take that risk now . ' as far as arum is concerned , the blame lies squarely on mayweather 's side . ' all of this is on the mgm ( grand ) , i mean , if you think that the mgm is calling the shots here , you 're totally mistaken . it 's the man behind the curtain , ' he told boxing scene , alluding to mayweather 's adviser al haymon . mayweather trains with his uncle roger during a media workout in las vegas last week . pacquiao is taken on the pads by trainer freddie roach in front of the watching media . ' this is going to the governor 's office . this is an absolute disgrace , what 's happening . ' what do you want from me ? it 's not on us . ' pacquiao 's manager michael koncz has also expressed his frustration . he said : ' it 's a real mess right now . i can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the holdup ? i 'm more than a little upset they 're not for sale to the public . ' in the opposite corner , mayweather promotions ceo leonard ellerbe has claimed arum was lashing out because he is not the lead promoter in the fight . ' every time he does n't get his way , he goes running to the press misrepresenting the facts , ' he said . ' the bottom line is this : bob can not stomach the fact that he is not the lead promoter . reality has set in , and this is typical bob . my responsibility is to ensure every deal is done properly , to benefit the fighters and the event . ' it remains to be seen who will make up the 16,500-capacity crowd at the mgm grand . ellerbe did say that tickets would be on sale last week but there is no sign of an end to the stalemate . nor is there any indication of when the reported 50,000 closed-circuit seats at mgm properties - priced at around $ 150 ( £100 ) - in las vegas will be available to purchase . the hotel 's website says simply : ' please check back for closed-circuit viewing availability at other mgm resorts properties . ' in fact , the only ticket you can buy is for the weigh-in . priced at $ 10 , the unusual step has been taken in an effort to control the expected huge crowd but all proceeds will go to charity with each fighter nominating their choice . with ufc star ronda rousey guaranteed the only free ticket from arum and amir khan set to be ringside next saturday as he eyes a future fight against either man , there will at least be a crowd of sorts . but who will join them is anyone 's guess .