barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the champions league quarter-final clash with french giants psg . the first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday . speaking to the club 's official website , defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg 's star-studded squad , which includes the likes of zlatan ibrahimovic , thiago silva and lucas moura . he said , ' we have to be alert throughout the match . if we make any mistakes , even small ones , they have excellent players that can break the game . ' xavi hernandez ( centre ) is challenged by rafael ( left ) and javier mascherano ( right ) during training . barcelona players are put through their paces ahead of the champions league quarter-final with psg . barcelona goalkeeper marc andre ter-stegen ( centre ) in action during the club 's training session on monday . barcelona head coach luis enrique watches over his players in training as they prepare to travel to psg . barca have already encountered psg twice during this year 's champions league campaign , as the two sides were drawn together in the group stage . the catalans triumphed 3-1 on home soil at the nou camp , but were defeated 3-2 in their last trip to the french capital . adriano conceded that ' this game will be tricky ' and said barcelona must brace themselves for psg to ' come at us with a lot more intensity ' than they did earlier in the season . claudio bravo ( centre ) enjoys a joke with his team-mates during the training session before facing psg . the full-back , who won 17 caps for brazil between 2003 and 2013 , was also quizzed on the brazilian players in psg 's squad . laurent blanc 's side boast five brazil internationals - in silva , lucas , marquinhos , maxwell and david luiz . and adriano was quick to heap praise on his fellow countrymen - ' all of them are excellent players ' - but noted lucas in particular as the main threat for the opposition . ' lucas we know is a dangerous player . in the games we 've seen him , he 's a player who 's very difficult to cover . ' barcelona forward lionel messi controls the ball during the training session ahead of the game against psg . barcelona striker neymar ( left ) in action during the training session at the ciutat esportiva on monday . 