eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals . some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied . ' i try not to be bitter . but it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant . ' you wonder , where 's the respect ? where 's the recognition ? where 's the support for what you 've gone through and what you 're continuously going through ? ' scroll down for video . an honor : teena nemelka , right , mother of private first class aaron nemelka who was killed during the attack by major nidal hasan in the 2009 fort hood shooting , looks down at her son 's purple heart . building bonds : teena nemelka , left , mother of private firtst class aaron nemelka , left picture , and sheryll pearson , right , mother of private first class michael pearson , right picture , visit one another on friday . thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row . following years of tension , the army gave the purple hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the texas military post , just two miles from where nidal hasan had opened fire in a room of unarmed soldiers . top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying . ten of the survivors remain on active duty . ' it is our sincere hope that in some small way this will help heal the wounds you have suffered , ' army lt. gen. sean macfarland said . but words of gratitude from military leaders and elected officials , including republican texas senators john cornyn and ted cruz , gave way to medal recipients pressing and chastising the pentagon over combat benefits . the purple heart , given to military personnel wounded in battle , offers increased retirement pay . cornyn said he expects fort hood victims to finally get approved for entitlements within weeks , noting that he spoke to army secretary john mchugh before the ceremony . terrorist : hasan ( pictured ) was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings , and he recommended the death penalty . he snapped : army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . rememberence : joleen cahill , foreground , wife of michael cahill who was killed during the attack by major nidal hasan , carries her husband 's defense of freedom medal back to her chair . many survivors are also seeking separate financial damages in a lawsuit , claiming the u.s. government should have known of hasan 's extremist views . during his 2013 trial , hasan told jurors he had ' switched sides ' in what he called america 's war with islam . he admitted beginning the rampage by pulling out a pistol and shouting ' allahu akbar ' ( god is great ) and said he wanted to stop american soldiers from being deployed to kill fellow muslims . kimberly munley , a fort hood police officer at the time , helped end the attack in a gunfight with hasan . she was awarded the defense of freedom medal but after the ceremony expressed frustration over uncertainty about the level of benefits fort hood victims would receive . ' these soldiers are going to get what they rightfully deserve , ' munley said . the award : dozens of purple hearts and two defense of freedom medals were awarded at fort hood , texas to victims and family of the 2009 terrorist attack . military officials had long denied the purple heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence , not terrorism . cornyn and others have long condemned that classification , but he said changing the distinction could have jeopardized the case against hasan , who was not charged with terrorism . last year , congress approved new eligibility requirements for purple hearts that forced the defense department to reconsider . the daughter of michael cahill , a physician 's assistant who was the only civilian killed in the attack , accepted the defense of freedom medal for her father and used the occasion to draw attention to veteran suicides . cahill was shot while as he rushed toward hasan with a chair lifted over his head . ' the first month after dad died , everyone asked us , `` what can i do ? '' and it was great , ' kerry cahill said . ' nobody asks me that any more . we 're not done . ' a moment of silence : texas governor greg abbott , seated , and sen. john cornyn , right , bow their heads during the invocation of a purple heart ceremony held at fort hood , texas on friday .