a married software executive who drugged a female employee in order to take naked pictures of her on a business trip has been jailed . sexual predator henri morris was told he would serve 10 years behind bars for his ' calculated and choreographed ' crime . the 67-year-old was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 . henri morris , 67 , was jailed for 10 years after admitting drugging a female employee during a business trip in order to take naked photos of her . she told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from houston , texas , to new jersey for work . the woman said when she woke up she was naked and her boss was standing over her and taking pictures on his mobile phone . the fbi arrested morris at bush county airport after the woman , who has not been named , covertly worked with them . when his bags were search they found his ' kit , ' which included strong sedatives and viagra . a task force was set up to probe morris and in total they found eight female employees who claimed to have been abused by him . his defense team initially tried to argue that the women all willingly drank to excess with clients and that no abuse had ever occurred . ahead of his trial morris pleaded guilty to a single charge of drugging and abusing a female employee , in exchange for prosecutors dropping other abuse charges . marriedmorris of houston , texas , was the president of edible software solutions . ' there is no way to adequately express my remorse and my abject humiliation , ' morris said during a 10 minute address at his sentencing hearing , according to the houston chronicle . ' i apologize to anyone who i have hurt and beg for their forgiveness . ' us district judge melinda harmon sentenced him to 10 years in federal prison without the possibility of parole . she also reportedly ordered that he spend the rest of his life under the supervision of the us bureau of prisons , according to the newspaper .  