a clean-water advocate took an earth day swim in new york city 's polluted gowanus canal , a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted , but quit less than halfway through . christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway . he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water 's pollution because the experience was like ' swimming ' in a dirty diaper ' . christopher swain , a clean-water activist , embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic gowanus canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the environmental protection agency , to urge its cleanup . the swimmer , who quit two-thirds of a mile into the swim , gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from getting down his throat . swain , who has previously swam the hudson and columbia rivers , said that cleanup of the gowanus canal , which was labelled as a superfund site by the epa , should be accelerated . ' it 's probably the safest move at this point , ' he said , according to reuters , but pledged to swim the whole canal one day . ' i want to make it clear , no one is telling me to stop , ' swain continued , and said that impending bad weather played a role in his decision . the activist said ' it 's not safe to swim in there , ' according to gothamist . he said that the water tasted ' like mud , poop , ground-up grass , detergent and gasoline ' . the 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route , but it 's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must , by law , be cleaned up . the federal environmental protection agency says contaminates include pcbs , which were banned in the us in 1979 . it warned swain against taking the swim , posting a message on its twitter account saying that it ' strongly advises against swimming ' in the strip of water . the agency issued guidelines in 2011 saying that people should ' never swim in the canal ' , which runs over 1½ miles through a narrow industrial zone near increasingly wealthy neighborhoods in brooklyn . it urged anyone who came in contact with the water to seek medical attention immediately if they felt sick . crowds gathered on bridges along the gowanus canal in brooklyn as swain was accompanied by a woman in a red kayak . the activist has previously swam the hudson river in new york and the columbia river in washington to bring attention to water issues . swain waves to the crowds who came to see him swim but were disappointed when he only made it two-thirds of a mile . a baby whale once got lost in the canal in 2007 and died within two days . after heavy rainstorms excess water from the sewer system flows in the canal , where raw sewage and human excrement that mixes into its normal mix of petroleum products and other chemicals . an estimated 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage pour into the canal each year . ' there 's a lot of poop in there , ' swain said after his swim , according to the new york post . dissolved arsenic in the water is thought to be at a level 60 times higher than that harmful to human health . a baby whale became lost in the canal in 2007 and was nicknamed sludgie by locals . it died in two days . after rainstorms it can often be found with raw sewage that mixes into its normal mix of petroleum products and other chemicals . however swain , who has previously done long swims along the hudson river in new york and the columbia in washington , wanted to call attention to the slow clean up of the canal and urge for it to be accelerated . an estimated 377million gallons of sewage is poured into the gowanus canal every year . above , trash pollutes the brooklyn inlet in 2013 . the pollution in the gowanus canal combines decades of industrial dumping and general trash . it is particularly filthy after rainstorms . he gargled hydrogen peroxide to fight against any bacteria entering his body and had charcoal tablet to take that will help if he did , according to citylab . swain told reporters after he got out that he did not swallow any water . he was accompanied by a woman in a kayak , paddling a few feet away from him before he called it quits . swain posted on twitter that swimming in the canal is his ' federal right ' under the clean water act of 1972 . gowanus was labeled a superfund site in 2010 , with the epa later saying that cleaning it up would take up to ten years and $ 506million , according to dna info . costs will mostly fall on the city and companies that used to be along the canal such as national grid . the agency plans on beginning dredging in the canal in 2017 , which involves cleaning out 600,000 cubic yards of contaminated mud . before wednesday 's failed effort , swain also planned on swimming other polluted waters , such as the bronx river and newtown creek , which runs between the boroughs of brooklyn and queens . he said he has hope that new york 's polluted waterways will one day be clean enough for swimmers without protective suits . the water advocate claims that it is his ' federal right ' to swim in the canal under the clean water act of 1972 . cleanup of the gowanus canal , where dredging of mud is scheduled to begin in 2017 , is thought to cost $ 506million .