his primary job is to keep opposition strikers at bay , but that has n't stopped john terry from showing them the art of finishing too . the chelsea captain scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester on wednesday night - as the blues close in on their fourth premier league title . the 34-year-old 's close-range effort took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions - making him the club 's joint third-highest goalscorer . john terry was on hand to prod home from close range against leicester on wednesday night . terry 's strike at the king power stadium was his seventh goal in all competitions for chelsea this season . terry sits alongside strikers loic remy and didier drogba with seven goals apiece as well as attacking midfielder oscar . only star striker diego costa ( 20 goals ) and pfa player of the year eden hazard ( 18 ) have more for jose mourinho 's side this campaign . the centre back 's ability to score is a skill that compares him favourably to the firepower among other teams in and around the top seven of the table . at manchester city , former chelsea team-mate frank lampard also has seven goals in all competitions this season - but terry has fared better than forwards edin dzeko and stevan jovetic who have only found the back of the net six and five times respectively . on the other side of manchester , much has been made of the malaise of on loan united striker radamel falcao . the 29-year-old has endured a tough season in england and this has been reflected by his poor tally of four goals in all competitions . terry 's goal return is better than manchester city striker edin dzeko - who has six goals for the season . radamel falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at manchester united - scoring only four goals . arsenal striker danny welbeck ( centre ) has scored only one more goal than terry this season . liverpool forward mario balotelli ( left ) and tottenham 's roberto soldado have both struggled in front of goal . danny welbeck , who left united for arsenal last summer , has n't fared much better too - having scored eight goals in all competitions for the gunners . north london rivals tottenham have relied heavily upon on the goals of harry kane and without his productivity mauricio pochettino would have had to call upon four-goal man roberto soldado and emmanuel adebayor who has only scored twice . liverpool 's struggle for goals has been highlighted by the fact that raheem sterling has been deployed in attack by manager brendan rodgers this season . first-choice forward daniel sturridge has scored only five goals in a campaign which has been beset by injuries . coupled with that , summer signings mario balotelli and rickie lambert have failed to replace the void left by luis suarez - with the pair having scored four and three goals apiece . terry 's impressive goal return is even impressive when you look at the figures of lambert 's former club southampton , where saints forward graziano pelle ( 15 ) is their only player to have scored more than the former england international . the south coast club 's next highest marksman is sadio mane with six then shane long with five . southampton striker graziano pelle ( left ) has scored 15 goals in all competitions for the club this season . chelsea 's no 26 is vying with team-mate branislav ivanovic and united 's chris smalling as this season 's highest-scoring premier league defender . the trio all have four goals in england 's top-tier this season - three behind liverpool defender martin skrtel 's feat 12 months ago . despite their impressive return , the triumvirate have a long way to go to match julian dicks ' record . the west ham legend netted 10 goals during the 1995-96 season as the hammers finished 10th in the table with 51 points after the 38-game season . west ham legend julian dicks ( right ) scored 10 premier league goals for the club during the 1995-96 season .