this is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face . karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened . and footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . mr berdalis said : ' i was just thinking `` i hope i land somewhere soft and do n't break any bones '' . ' scroll down for video . the footage shows climber karlis bardelis carefully traversing the ridge , left , but one wrong move sends him tumbling down the icy cliff face in coire an lochain , scotland , right . you see his feet literally above his head as he continues to fall down the mountain head-first . karlis bardelis , left , and gary kinsey , right , on headhunter 's summit on january 28 , 2012 . bardelis has only just released the footage of his terrifying fall on a training exercise in hospital . between 0.12 and 0.20 seconds in the video below , you can see the axe slipping out of the ice and knocking his other axe out of position . almost immediately his feet were in the air and karlis can see nothing but his boots and the blue sky as he begins the terrifying fall down the 60m mountain . he continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he 's eventually saved by his safety rope after falling ten metres . but the experienced latvian climber , who now works in nepal , held his nerve after the tumble and even continued his ascent to the top . bardelis scaling the mountain which he fell from . on the left you can see the safety rope that saved his life . holding his nerve : the experienced climber grips the rock face on his ascent . he said : ' my ropes saved me and stopped my fall . ' these kind of falls are very dangerous because i 'm carrying two ice tools and crampons , both of which are really sharp and could cause serious injuries . ' obviously there 's the risk of hitting a rock on my way down , which can cause serious fractures . ' i never think that i 'm going to die in these situations - i never consider death as an option ' . karlis had travelled to scotland to take part in a training course organised by the british mountaineering council joining climbers from 26 countries . and he attempted the level six climb with some trepidation . life on the line : bardelis was rescued by his safety rope after his axe became dislodged from the ice , knocking the other out of position and sending him plunging down the mountain . he said : ' i was feeling excited about that climb but at the same time i was feeling scared in those difficult parts too . ' i fell because i made a mistake ; i put one ice axe in a crack and was trying to put another one in but the placement was n't good so it ripped the other one out . ' my crampons were n't in a stable place so i fell . ' the footage shows karlis tumble backwards from the cliff face and free fall towards the ground . incredibly , after being saved by his harness , karlis continued his ascent after the fall . he said : ' i climbed back to the same place and this time did it right using the same technique . ' some people laugh when they see the video - others say they are not going to sleep after seeing it . ' i guess it was a good example of how not to climb . ' top class : the latvian is an experience climber who now works in nepal . when he began falling , all he could dow was hope that he landed somewhere soft and did n't break any bones , he said . 