kevin pietersen is being urged to make the england selectors ' lives difficult after his barnstorming start to the summer . england 's exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against mcc universities oxford at the parks on sunday , at the start of surrey 's three-day fixture . former england captains alec stewart , pietersen 's boss as surrey director of cricket , and nasser hussain have since both had their say on the 34-year-old 's chances of a return to the test arena . kevin pietersen in action for surrey on day two of the three-day match against oxford mccu . pietersen ( centre ) pictured with his surrey team-mates at the parks on monday . stewart is hoping pietersen can further his quest when surrey face glamorgan in their first lv= county championship fixture next week - while hussain insists england 's selectors need to clarify with a ' very public decision ' once and for all whether the controversial south africa-born batsman has any prospects of playing for his adopted country again . pietersen 's impressive return to long-form cricket 14 months after his england sacking was timely , on the eve of the first test against the west indies which began 4,000 miles away in antigua on monday . stewart said : ' anyone who scores runs will ask questions of the selectors . ' kevin should n't look any further than the next innings , whether it 's here or down at cardiff . ' if he strings hundreds together - and the reason we signed him is because we want him to score hundreds , double-hundreds , help us win games and be successful - it will be interesting to see where it may lead to . ' no one has got any idea whether kevin pietersen will play for england again . ' the only people that know that are those who are currently picking the england side . ' at the moment he 's not being considered , because he has n't played red ball cricket for the last 14 months . ' pietersen chills out against the fence as oxford mccu bat on monday . alec stewart ( right ) believes that pietersen could make it difficult for the england selectors . hussain is impressed that pietersen has already proved he is serious about a recall , and he is adamant the england and wales cricket board must ' watch out ' for him . ' he could easily go off and get his ipl contract and play over there , ' hussain said on sky sports 2 . ' he 's decided to give it another go ... people say ' oh , 170 against oxford - it was only oxford ' . ' but as a player who has played 100 test matches to turn up at the parks and smash 170 shows how determined he is - so i 'd watch out , if i was a selector . ' hussain senses pietersen will not be easily deterred , unless england spell out that they do not want him . ' this is not a lad that 's going to go away , and the ecb need to make a decision on kevin pietersen - make a very public decision on him , whether he is available for selection or not , ' he said . ' i know the chairman elect , colin graves , has said that he is . ' but it needs to come from the selectors . ' pietersen believes last week 's departure of paul downton - the ecb managing director who described him as ' disengaged ' - has offered him an england ' lifeline ' even as he approaches the veteran stage of his record-breaking career . stewart , who played for england until the age of 40 , added : ' whether you 're 18 or 38 , if you 're good enough , then i believe you take the age factor out of the occasion . ' if you 're performing , surely you 've got to be warranting a place in the team . ' pietersen made 170 runs off 149 balls during his stint with the bat in oxford on sunday . pietersen fielding on monday afternoon as the 34-year-old makes his county cricket return . he hopes pietersen can boost surrey 's championship promotion prospects , and was encouraged by his comeback . ' it was a very good innings , ' stewart added . ' he had to get used to playing red ball cricket again - lining it up , letting it go - and then he showed what a quality batsman he is , which we all know but we just have n't seen it because he 's only played 20-over cricket . ' we 've signed kevin because he 's a top-class player . ' will he play for england ? we do n't know . all we 're going to do is enjoy having kevin around , scoring as many runs as he can . ' next game , next innings , is the next most important one . ' pietersen had a quieter second day back in his whites . he fielded at mid-off and slip as surrey 's hosts dug in after resuming on 28 for four . jack mciver top-scored with 83 , hitting 11 fours and a six , in the students ' 224 all out . chris tremlett , another england test player , took five for 30 . surrey reshuffled their batting order in the second innings , and pietersen was left to watch on as they reached 182 for three - zafar ansari making 53 towards a lead of 378 entering tuesday 's final day . 