goggles that could help the blind see have come a step closer to reality . the technology is based on a technique known as ' neuromodulation ' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . the revolutionary system is being commercialised by french company pixium vision , with clinical trials scheduled for 2016 . scroll down for video . goggles that could help the blind see have come a step closer to reality . the technology is based on a technique known as ' neuromodulation ' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . a surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer . a connected ' pocket processor ' converts that recording into an infrared image , which the goggles will then beam into the eye . pulses activate electrodes in the implant , and the optic nerve carries images to the brain . retinal implants that restore some sight when in the blind are already available , but their quality is n't good enough to work in many real-world conditions . pixium vision 's solution , however , claims it has been able to restore the sight of rats to a level equivalent to 20/250 . this would allow the wearer to see the largest line of letters in an opticians test . the company claims it may be able to get its final product to restore vision to 20/120 , which would be a huge leap forward in vision quality . second sight , the company that got fda approval for the first visual prosthesis two years ago , currently offers patients about 20/1300 vision . to use the gadget a surgeon must first implant a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer . a surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer . a connected ' pocket processor ' convert that recording into an infrared image , which the goggles will then beam into the eye . a connected ' pocket processor ' converts that recording into an infrared image , which the goggles will then beam into the eye . pulses activate the electrodes in the implant , and the optic nerve carries the images back to the brain . following surgery , patients have to train their brains to interpret the new images , which are seen in variations of back , white and grey . a small pilot program to test the system is already underway , with promising results . ' we do n't give them back their sight , but another way of seeing , ' yannick le mer , the surgeon who implanted the system in three of pixium 's test subjects told forbes . a new trial of the system is due to begin next year by australia’s bionic vision . the cost for the system is expected to be around 100,000 euros ( £72,000 or $ 111,200 ) , plus surgery . a new trial of the system is due to begin next year by australia’s bionic vision . the cost for the system is expected to be around 100,000 euros ( £72,000 or $ 111,200 ) , plus surgery .