david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people . data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets . in meetings with our undercover reporters , they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable . and they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls . ‘we’re a business at the end of the day , ’ one told the mail . ‘ if we was [ sic ] to then turn round and say , “you’re now going to get 30 calls from this company , that company” , most of the people will probably say , “ i don’t want it” . because they know it’s going to be a sales call . ’ various firms offered to sell personal information to the mail’s undercover team using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas . they claimed that calling offshore meant they could disregard the official telephone preference service ( tps ) – even though the information commissioner’s office said this was not true . once they get people on the phone , the call centre workers ask them to complete a lifestyle survey . they start with ‘soft’ questions that seem harmless before going into ones about personal finances . while a brief disclaimer is read , bosses admitted victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies . scroll down for video . the questions are sponsored by firms looking to target people with specific interests , and answers are sold on . so even if a caller has signed up to the tps , saying yes to a survey question is seen to override this , giving the companies the green light to cold call them again . an undercover reporter from the mail met david light , account director at the data partnership ( tdp ) , which has a 60-seater call centre in the philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in britain every month . mr light 's company has a 60-seater call centre in the philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in britain every month . he explained that their tactics include starting with warm questions before going more financial . asked if he thought people doing surveys understood they would get sales calls as a result he said ' generally i do n't think some people realise that they 're going to get calls ' . for 8p a record , mr light offered to sell the mail information on people with pensions who had completed a survey as long as four years ago . he said : ‘ so at the top you have your typical questions which are nice and easy , warm questions to open up – what is the age of your tv . ‘ when you start going more financial – how much you’re earning , would you like a [ pension ] review – [ they say ] “ no i’m not interested . i don’t want any sales calls . no , i’m going , bye” . ’ mr light said any answers given before the call ended were taken as confirmation that the caller was happy to be on marketing lists in future . ‘ i mean , we’re a business at the end of the day , ’ he said . ‘ when you try and dig into people’s lifestyles or try to find out information – with all that goes on with credit card fraud and identity theft – people are a little bit reserved to give out certain information . ’ so questions about finance were left to later in the call , he explained . asked if he thought people doing the surveys understood they would get sales calls as a result , he said : ‘ if i’m honest , and i’m always honest , generally i think some people don’t realise that they’re going to get calls . ’ mr light said his firm try to get round the no-call list by ringing mobiles – which few realise can be on the tps – and by calling from abroad . ‘ the problem we’re having now , a lot of it might be on the tps register . hence why when we call out offshore , ’ he said . ‘ certain companies will say to us , “ can you run it against the tps file and tell us what you’ve got which is non-tps ? ” ok , fine . but the volumes will drop drastically . ’ asked how the firm gets away with calling people registered with the tps , he said : ‘ because it’s offshore . ’ he claimed , wrongly , the information commissioner’s office ( ico ) regulations govern only calls within the uk . for 8p a record , mr light offered to sell the mail information on people with pensions who had completed a survey as long as four years ago . the data partnership is run by john pooley , 38 , and his wife victoria , 35 , who claim they are the ‘ good guys’ in ‘ an industry rife with cowboys’ . they started more than a decade ago from a garage in chelmsford before turning it into a firm with a turnover of more than £2million . a spokesman said : ‘ we strongly refute any allegations which suggest tdp is in any way contravening the law or any recognised code of practice . respondents to our telephone-based surveys are informed from the outset that our surveys are being carried out for marketing purposes . they are not for market research . if respondents “opt-in” they clearly expect to receive calls and be contacted again . ’ data firm communication avenue also admitted calling names on the tps register from call centres in the philippines , india and south africa . account manager byron highfield told us : ‘ if you’re wanting to sponsor a question then no , we wouldn’t tps it , because we have their name and they asked if they’re interested in receiving a call back . ’ communication avenue is owned by philip and charlotte lightfoot and is a rebranding of phruit , which was suspended by the direct marketing association in 2011 for calling people on the tps and selling under the guise of research . the data partnership has strongly refuted allegations suggesting it is contravening the law or any recognised code of practice . the firm said it does not own offshore call centres but buys survey data from other firms , including the data partnership . mr lightfoot said : ‘ communication avenue takes compliance very seriously . ’ steve eckersley , the ico’s head of enforcement , said : ‘ organisations can not get around the law by pretending to conduct market or lifestyle research . market research should be just that – market research without the intention of passing on people’s details . using a foreign call centre does not get you out of your commitments to consumers . ’ david light said callers start with ' soft ' questions like ' how old is your main tv in you property ' . data partnership’s david light boasted to a mail undercover reporter of the tactics used by his firm to coax information from people it cold calls . ‘ when you try and dig into people’s lifestyles or try to find out information – with all that goes on with credit card fraud and identity theft – people are a little bit reserved to give out certain information . ‘ like if you was to call me and say , “what’s your household income ? ” , i don’t wish to answer that . i don’t want to tell you what i’m earning . because , i don’t know , you could be some lucrative crime gang , know where i live , know i earn over £50k a year , and you think right , well if he’s earning more than £50k a year , he’s probably going to have a nice car , he’s probably going to have some nice valuables in there . ‘ so we find that when you get to them sort of questions , we leave them to the bottom of the survey . so at the top you have your typical questions which are nice and easy , warm questions to open up – how old is your main tv in your property ? is it less than one year , one to five years or five years plus ? which newspaper do you read ? do you have sky through a satellite dish ? yes ? ok , when’s your household insurance up for renewal ? what month only . so soft questions . ‘ when you start going more financial – how much you’re earning , would you like a [ pension ] review ? – [ they say ] “ no i’m not interested . i don’t want any sales calls . no , i’m going , bye” . they put the phone down . so we’ve only got the opt in for them answers what they’ve opted in . ‘ if i’m honest , and i’m always honest , generally i think some people don’t realise that they’re going to get calls . i mean , we’re a business at the end of the day . if you go , “you’re going to get 30 calls on the back of this” , you’re going to get a consumer going , “ i don’t want to tell you any information” . it’s natural , it’s human nature . ‘ if we was to then turn round and say at the end of the survey call , “ right you’re now going to get 30 calls from this company , that company” , most of the people will probably say , “ i don’t want it” . ‘ nine times out of ten they’ll probably say , “ no i don’t want to be contacted by that company” because they know it’s going to be a sales call . ’ 