labour leader ed miliband read from motivational notes during the leaders’ televised debate ( above ) . he was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week’s debate as he failed to land a convincing blow on david cameron . now it has emerged ed miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders’ clash – including one reminding him to be a ‘ happy warrior’ . his cribsheet prompts him to turn a ‘negative’ into a ‘positive’ and reveals he had planned a number of the put-downs he used on david cameron – such as , on the deficit : ‘ does that sound familiar ? well , it should , because he said it five years ago . ’ the labour leader urges himself to ‘ stay calm , never agitated’ and ‘ relish the chance to show who i am’ . his scrawled notes , found in his dressing room after the itv debate , give an insight into his mindset before he took to the rostrum with the six other party leaders . mr miliband reminds himself to talk to the camera , ‘ use the people at home’ and get across his ‘ decency , passion , leadership’ . the labour leader reveals his planned ripostes to two possible tory attacks , accusing him of forgetting the deficit and of telling journalists he wanted to ‘weaponise’ the issue of the nhs . he accuses the prime minister of promising to eliminate the deficit and failing , and urges viewers to ‘ use their vote as a weapon to fight for the nhs by kicking david cameron out of downing street’ . but some of the planned one-liners against his conservative rival were not used , including : ‘ i can take five more weeks of attacks of me , but the british people can’t take five more years of you . ’ tory mp charlie elphicke said such ‘ marketing speak’ was ‘cringe-worthy’ , adding : ‘ ed miliband is looking increasingly bizarre . ' first he forgets the deficit , then he forgets his notes in the dressing room . marketing speak like “ happy warriors” is very much the tactic of motivational gurus … i think most people will think it’s cringe-worthy . ’ scroll down for video . his notes , found in his dressing room after the itv debate , give an insight into his mindset before the clash . in his self-motivational notes , labour leader mr miliband ( pictured above during the debate as natalie bennet speaks ) wrote the words ‘negative’ and ‘positive’ connected by an arrow as well as the term ' happy warrior ' . the publication of the notes in a newspaper yesterday was compared to bbc2 satire the thick of it , in which a party leader is mortified when her notes referring to ‘ quiet bat-people’ are photographed . a poll by headhunters korn ferry yesterday found 70 per cent of ftse 100 chairmen think labour would herald an ‘ economic catastrophe’ . a ftse 100 boss , who did not wish to be named , said mr miliband ‘ appears to completely misunderstand business’ . it comes after mr miliband drew ridicule for declaring ‘ hell yeah ! ’ when asked by jeremy paxman in the first tv election clash if he was tough enough to be prime minister . ‘ happy warrior’ was coined by william wordsworth to describe admiral lord nelson . in a 1985 presidential address , ronald reagan called on americans to be ‘ happy warriors , out to seize back a country’ . mr miliband staked the success of his campaign on having a head to head debate with david cameron , and is understood to have been rehearsing for months . he hired us speech coach michael sheehan on a reported £10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma . so , what does all this psychobabble actually mean ? what do all the weird soundbites on miliband’s crib sheet mean ? here , the mail analyses them – and reveals the pervasive influence of red ed’s american spin doctor . ‘ happy warrior’ . coined by william wordsworth , it’s the title of an 1806 poem to mark lord nelson’s death . happy warrior depicts its subject as a swashbuckling hero who suffers great setbacks and pain , yet proves impossible to defeat . this may make it an odd slogan for a modern election , yet in america , home to labour’s strategist david axelrod , the phrase has a long history . first used by franklin roosevelt in 1924 , presidential candidate hubert humphrey plastered it across his campaign jet in 1968 . it has since been used by politicians desperate to be seen as trustworthy , hard-working men-of-the-people . in 2012 , barack obama described his running mate joe biden as ‘america’s happy warrior’ , in a speech written by axelrod . ‘ relish the chance to show who i am’ . the sort of phrase a bull-necked us navy seal might shout while doing press-ups in a muddy puddle , this is old-fashioned motivational psychobabble . undoubtedly another contribution from axelrod , who is big on ego-boosting statements of intent . indeed , he must have been behind miliband’s decision to puff up his chest and tell jeremy paxman last month : ‘ am i tough enough ? hell yes , i’m tough enough ! ’ as to what sort of a guy miliband intends to ‘relish’ showing us he is , his notes contain three words : ‘ decency , passion , leadership’ . labour party leader ed miliband leaves mediacityuk in salford following the televised leaders ' election debate . ‘ calm , never agitated’ . axelrod famously labelled obama ‘ no drama obama’ , kitting out staff in t-shirts with the logo ‘ stop the drama , vote obama’ . the reason : although election campaigning can be confrontational , voters prefer candidates who remain above the fray and , well , prime ministerial . miliband is thus at pains not to lose his cool . ‘ use the people at home’ . ever since 1960 , when john f kennedy faced richard nixon in america’s first presidential tv debate , this has been a golden rule . jfk captured hearts and minds by appearing to talk directly to voters . the pale , sweaty nixon failed to look at the camera and thereby seemed shifty . his campaign never recovered . miliband has been practising such drills for weeks – with some rehearsals said to have taken place with tony blair’s ex-spin doctor alastair campbell playing the anchorman . ‘ negative into positive’ . this may seem to be yet more transatlantic psychobabble but it is a key tool to try to turn perceived weaknesses to your advantage . miliband has made self-deprecating jokes – such as one about how he struggled to eat a bacon sandwich – to turn a negative into a positive . similarly , he has attempted to transform his status as underdog by saying : ‘ people have underestimated me at every turn . ’ after four opinion polls were released , the average poll of polls put cameron narrowly ahead on 22 per cent , with 21.5 per cent saying miliband won , 21 per cent backing farage and 20 per cent favouring miss sturgeon . ‘ me vs dc : decency , principle , values’ . crucial buzzwords . interestingly , the word ‘decency’ cropped up in sherlock actor martin freeman’s filmed endorsement of labour . also , campaign guru axelrod’s autobiography is peppered with references to ‘ decency and small-town values’ . while working for obama , he told him to say he was ‘ led not by polls but by principle’ . the note suggests labour believe ‘decency’ , ‘principle’ and ‘values’ are alien concepts to david cameron . typed answers . despite wishing to sound spontaneous , several pre-scripted comments were surreptitiously read out from typed notes . as for his closing statement , ‘let’s bring the change britain needs’ , it seems a rip-off of the slogan used by barack obama who , in 2008 , talked endlessly about ‘ change we can believe in’ . 