queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms and that the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the issue . ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , has been vocal on racism in football in the past and supports john barnes’s assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked . ‘ just because i’m sitting here i’m not going to change my views of many years , ’ said ramsey , who takes his side to west brom in search of a much-needed three points on saturday . queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . ramsey believes that the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the ' covert ' issue . john barnes’ view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by ramsey . ‘ the fact we’re still , at this stage of the game , highlighting that i’m the only black premier league manager shows that it’s not the norm to have people from ethnic minorities in this position . ‘ so until this becomes normal , and it’s not highlighted in such a spectacular fashion , racism will be prominent . ‘ obviously , i’m in a very fortunate position to be the manager of qpr but i hope people won’t look at that as a token gesture . i think i’ve earned my stripes to be in this position . barnes ' last managerial job was at tranmere in 2009 . he lasted four months before being sacked . ramsey is operating as the only black manager in the premier league as he looks to keep qpr up . ramsey was without a job for seven months after leaving his coaching role at tottenham last season . ‘ i think that there are other people who are probably more talented or better suited , from a profile point of view , as many white managers who have got jobs based on their profile and playing experience . ’ the 52-year-old manager thinks that discrimination isn’t exclusive to race and that the rooney rule — which obliges america’s nfl teams to interview minority candidates for top jobs — might be the solution here . ‘ if it doesn’t work out for me here , i think that , as any manager of any race , i think you’re always in a position where it’s difficult to get another job , ’ he said . qpr travel to face west bromwich albion after disappointingly losing at home to everton last time out . aaron lennon is congratulated by his team-mates at loftus road as the qpr players head for the half-way line . ‘ as a black man , i think it’s always going to be difficult anyway . i think the rooney rule is an important factor as there’s an awareness that something has to be done to affect the way people think in boardrooms . ‘i’m not just talking about race , i’m talking about gender , homophobia and other issues . i think there needs to be more awareness of factors that affect why people get jobs or not . ’