arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the ‘ respect he deserves’ when he returns to the emirates stadium in the blue of chelsea on sunday . the problem with that is a decent chunk of arsenal’s supporters feel he doesn’t deserve much . that became obvious on thursday , when one prominent fan called for the removal of a fabregas banner from the ken friar bridge . cesc fabregas returns to arsenal on sunday and arsene wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception . wenger wants ' respect ' for the club 's former players and counts fabregas as a man who deserves that . gunners fans offer their good luck to fabregas in 2011 , but the reception is likely to be more frosty this time . extreme , perhaps , but this is an emotive issue which continues to bubble away at the club where fabregas built his career , not least because the circumstances behind his summer move from barcelona to chelsea are still as clear as mud . any clarity , it seems , will have to wait . wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re-sign the player , saying : ‘ we will have to discuss that one day . with all the terms . ’ when pressed on whether it was his decision , he added : ‘it’s not as clean as that . i can not speak to you about that now because that will not help us to win on sunday . ’ at that point it was suggested to wenger that fabregas chose not to come back and wenger said : ‘ i don’t know , i don’t know . ’ the frenchman has previously claimed that by the time he knew fabregas was available , a deal with chelsea was virtually concluded — comments which jarred a little with the spaniard’s statement last summer that arsenal ‘ decided not to take’ their option . whatever , it would be ambitious for fabregas to expect an overwhelmingly positive reception on sunday . the midfielder set up diego costa to seal a 2-0 victory for chelsea against arsenal earlier this season . certainly , there was already a degree of disappointment within the club about how their relationship with the player ended when he left in 2011 . but wenger said : ‘ i want every player to be respected , and cesc fabregas when he comes to the emirates on sunday , ( i want him ) to be respected like he deserves . ’ wenger added : ‘ the regret i have is that he wanted to leave here . this club and myself had a very positive influence on cesc’s life , so i would be a bit uncomfortable to have to justify today why he is not here . ’ when he returns , it will be as a key part of the champions-elect and under a manager in jose mourinho who has won seven and drawn five of his 12 meetings with wenger . that clash , in itself , is a fascinating sub-plot to this fixture between the top and second-placed teams in the barclays premier league . fabregas gets ahead of his now-team-mate branislav ivanovic to score against chelsea for arsenal in 2010 . playing down his poor record against mourinho , wenger said : ‘ we have not always lost , first of all , in 12 attempts . ‘ we have come close to beating them and they’ve always had very strong teams . having said all of that , the result on sunday will be just down to the performance on the day . it’s not a confrontation ( with mourinho ) , it’s a confrontation of two teams . i’m not a great believer in history . i just think football is down to the fact the performance on the day will decide the game and the result . ’ with seven straight league wins , arsenal approach the fixture at speed , but wenger accepts it is unlikely chelsea will lose a 10-point advantage on the run-in . he said : ‘ we dropped points at the start of the season but since january we have been top of the ( form ) table . we want to continue to win and strengthen our position in second place because that’s far from being done . ' now what we can do is get closer to them and we have that opportunity . it still means even if we beat them , mathematically they are still in a very strong position . but you never know . ’