picture the scene : you come home after work feeling too exhausted to cook - only to find a delicious meal worthy of a michelin-starred restaurant waiting for you . it sounds like a fantasy , but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by british scientists . they have come up with a set of robotic arms so sophisticated that they are capable of cooking meals from scratch . scroll down for video . new hospitality : british scientists spent almost 18 years developing the robotic ' chef ' hands . scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . according to its creators , the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef . the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips . the device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen , priced at around £10,000 ( $ 14,000 ) , which includes an oven , hob , dishwasher and sink . engineers at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . working from a small workshop in islington , north london , they used to sell a few dozen devices a year , primarily to other scientists who used them for their own research . even nasa is understood to have ordered a pair to ‘inspire’ its engineers . according to its creators , the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef . the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips . but last year , after russian engineer mark oleynik from moley robotics approached the team with the notion of turning the hands into an everyday household gadget , the concept of the robot chef was born . kitchen revolution : a robot in the robotic kitchen prototype created by the shadow robot company cooks a crab soup at the company 's booth at the world 's largest industrial technology fair , the hannover messe . working away : the robotic hands are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . even if there are a few splatters , it shouldn’t matter - the gadget will load the dishwasher and wipe down the work surfaces afterwards . the arms will tuck up out of the way when not in use , making space for their owners to get their own hands dirty . mr oleynik , who is spearheading the project , said : ‘ all the things which are possible with the hand are possible here . there is no limitation . the £10,000 ( $ 14,000 ) device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen which includes an oven , hob , dishwasher and sink . bon appétit : chef tim anderson checks crab soup prepared by the ' robot chef ' at the hannover messe , in hanover earlier today . ‘ a lot of people want to go to michelin-starred restaurants , but they are quite expensive and may be quite far from the home . this is an opportunity for people to enjoy very good food , and for a reasonable price . ’ the only cuisine that is off the robot’s menu at the moment is sushi , which requires exceedingly steady pressure and nimble fingers to make , but the team plan to conquer that as well by the time it goes on sale . by that point , they claim , users will be able to order meals from an itunes-style library of recipes devised by professional chefs , making it possible to tuck into michelin-standard food on a daily basis . people will also be able to train the robotic arms to cook their own favourite family recipes , by demonstrating them a few times while wearing high-tech gloves and wrist-bands . users will be able to ‘order’ dinner on their way home , or breakfast for when they wake up , using an app on their smartphone , picking recipes depending on the ingredients they have in stock . they will also be able to choose dishes based on their nutritional content . and just in case , the unit has emergency equipment if there’s a fire .