a new zealand hunter is lucky to be alive after a friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle . max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday night when his mate blasted his back open . ' all of a sudden i heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot , ' mr verschuuren told daily mail australia . grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping , bloody wound it left . keen hunter : max verschuuren , 21 , has been hunting all his life - but on saturday evening he accidentally became the hunted when his friend mistook him for a deer . ' i thought , `` oh s*** '' , and had all this blood dripping down my back ' : max verschuuren is pictured here in hospital . bloody wound : grisly photographs released by mr verschuuren show the damage the bullet did to his left shoulder blade . blunt snapchat : doctors have stitched up mr verschuuren after he was shot in the back on saturday evening . he tumbled down the hill he was perched on , falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets . ' i thought , `` oh s*** '' , and had all this blood dripping down my back . ' i said , `` f***en ' stop , that 's me ! `` . ' i just wanted to get out of it in case they still thought i was a deer . ' mr verschuuren was wearing a dim headlight . his shooter thought it was the reflection of light in a deer 's eyes . after his friend carried him over to the rest of the hunting party , mr verschuuren kept his cool , worried that he would otherwise go into shock . the mate who shot him was mortified . ' he 's truly f***ing sorry . he could n't sleep . ' he 's come to see me every day in the hospital . ' he 's a good guy , not an idiot , not a loser , s*** happens yeah . ' wrong place wrong time for both us . stitched up : mr verschuuren has spent days in hospital since he was shot at the back of his shoulder blade . he was expecting to be discharged on monday afternoon . local police are investigating the incident . in a statement , bay of plenty investigators issued a warning to hunters to take appropriate safety measures . ' it 's ... a reminder that no hunting trophy is worth having to live with the consequences of killing a mate . ' the keen hunter , from whakatane , has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital later on monday . he has pledged to continue shooting - even with the friend who shot him . ' i love hunting , it 's in me blood . ' mr verschuuren ( pictured with a friend who did not shoot him ) is a keen hunter , telling daily mail australia it 's ' in me blood ' . hospital stint : local police have issued a warning to hunters , such as max , to take appropriate safety measures .