images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag # notanaprilfools . the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms . products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ' i hate my thighs ' . the fancy dress options for girls and boys hint at very different future careers . babygros reading ' i hate my thighs ' and ' i 'm super ' left customers in one store feeling cross . by contrast , the boy 's effort offers up the much more pleasant : ' i 'm super ' . the # notanaprilfools feed , which was launched by campaign group let toys be toys , is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke . the images sparked a furious response from twitter users , with several getting in touch to complain about the gender stereotyping . bethany usher 's angry tweet was typical , with the journalist writing : ' when i was little @ elctoys were actually about learning . now about learning gender stereotypes ? ' other examples included separate cookbooks , with boys getting to make gourmet burgers and giant chocolate sundaes , while girls make small pink cupcakes . girls ' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes , while boys are encouraged to make burgers . pink has become the colour of choice for companies marketing products for girls . many more of the boys ' words evoke action and bravery whereas the girls ' ones focus on looks and fluff . let toys be toys , a campaign group set up by a group of british parents two years ago , is petitioning retailers to end the practice of labelling products by gender . one of the campaign 's founders , tricia lowther , 46 , a self-employed copywriter from durham , told mailonline : ' it does bother a lot of parents , we seem to have tapped in to a huge and growing sense of frustration with the way toys are promoted according to outdated , illogical and sexist stereotypes . ' i ca n't speak for any of the others but what pushed me to make a stand was the realisation , after my daughter was born , that gender stereotyping in children 's products had become worse than when i was a child myself back in the seventies . ' it 's something that has become almost impossible to escape and is very limiting for children . ' boys will be learning to draw warriors while women draw faces and flowers . wizards and werewolves are favourite subjects for boys ' books - but not for girls . many parents responded to the images of the sexist toys by posting pictures of their children playing with ' the other gender 's toys ' . they included two girls playing with a train set , a little boy pushing a pram and a little girl covered in mud playing in the garden . the campaign has gathered momentum in response to what let toys be toys describe as the increasing gender stereotyping of toys and the dearth of neutral playthings . not all , however , are so keen with many parents arguing that pink and blue toys are harmless . but campaigners point to the domestic nature of the majority of girls ' products and say that by contrast , boys are encouraged to play with science sets , cars and action heroes . but most items that relate to being domesticated are aimed at girls . in contrast boys are encouraged to play with science sets , cars and action heroes . not even food is immune as these differently coloured crisp packets reveal . a blue and green slide marketed at boys also roused the ire of campaigners . one mother who is throwing her weight behind the campaign is psychologist dr linda papadopoulos , 44 , who told mailonline that it is essential to challenge these stereotypes . ' i think any toy or any activity that dispels the idea that a girl 's value lies just in the way she looks ; that shows she can be more than that , that she can do more , is a positive idea . ' sadly female scientists or business leaders are n't celebrated in the same way that males are , so [ the launch of a range of female scientist lego figurines ] is fantastic . ' the younger you can get girls to see these things as the norm the better . getting them to see that it 's just as normal for a woman to wear a white doctor 's or scientist 's coat as it is for a man ; that 's such an important thing . ' the whole idea that there is the whole idea that there is just one section for girls - the pink section - reinforces gender stereotypes . ' of course , there 's always going to be evolutionary differences , but so many more toys aimed at girls have to do with being pretty and looking a certain way , whereas those all about having fun and action heroes are for boys . ' girls need to be seen as doers rather than passive , to subvert the objectification of women . the object is someone acted upon ; `` how can i make my hair curlier , my lips pinker , my eyes brighter '' . ' i think there 's a problem here . ' # girlslovetrains is also a hashtag . parents sharing pictures of their ' princesses ' playing with ' boys ' toys ' . # caringboys is pics of little boys playing with baby dolls and pushing them around in prams ( playing dad ) . dr linda says any activity that dispels the idea that a girl 's value lies just in the way she looks is positive .