rival clubs claim qpr , facing football league fines of up to £50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations , are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions . football league board member jim rodwell’s departure from notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a league one representative as rodwell can not automatically keep his place . league one clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat — rodwell and former manchester united director maurice watkins , now chairman of barnsley . tony fernandes , owner of qpr , wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for financial fair play breaches . maurice watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents qpr over their considerable ffp troubles . qpr are 19th in the premier league , four points away from escaping the relegation zone . watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm brabners are representing qpr over their considerable ffp troubles . clubs believe that having watkins on the football league board , where ffp is the hot topic , would be helpful for qpr and a massive conflict of interests . however , the highly-respected watkins , who has a number of sporting directorships including british swimming and lancashire county cricket club , dismissed the conspiracy theory as ‘ wholly ludicrous’ . raheem sterling’s stand-off with liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him . it will suit sterling’s representative aidy ward , who split with rob segal’s impact sports management to set up on his own earlier this season , if any new deal is delayed until his parting from segal has been finalised . aidy ward ( left ) is raheem sterling 's agent and is a key player in his contract negotiations with liverpool . raheem sterling ( left ) pictured with liverpool manager brendan rodgers ( right ) at liverpool training . the five former england managers who signed the letter supporting greg dyke’s homegrown players’ campaign had nothing to do with writing the missive . it was the work of the fa’s support agency on the issue , milltown partners . certainly , sven goran eriksson and kevin keegan did nothing for the homegrown situation when club managers — keegan even shut down newcastle reserves . greg dyke , the football association chairman , wants to more homegrown players playing in england . kevin keegan 's name is one of five former england managers to sign a letter supporting dyke 's idea . however , milltown are at least helping the fa fight the pr battle toe-to-toe against the all-powerful premier league , who ironically have used milltown for crisis management advice in the past . england cricket head coach peter moores’ considerable good fortune at surviving such a world cup humiliation extends to the ecb board meeting reviewing that debacle being next thursday . by then moores will be preparing for the first test against west indies starting four days later . england cricket head coach peter moores ( right ) will soon begin a review into england 's world cup failure . moores ( left ) oversaw england 's humiliating group stage exit from the cricket world cup . if the postmortem had occurred earlier it is difficult to see how moores could still be in charge . the breakdown in the relationship between the fa and england supporters travel club led to the offensive chants during england’s 1-1 draw with italy in turin on tuesday . the tasteless repertoire of songs ran from ‘f*** the ira’ , to ‘f*** the taliban’ to ‘f*** the english fa’ — the last one due to the huge discontent over the decision to switch double loyalty caps from away trips to home games at wembley . those with most caps get priority when buying tickets for big games . the football supporters federation , despite putting out a statement yesterday reaffirming its opposition to abusive chanting , believe it is inevitable that the songs — and the world war two favourites — will be sung when england play the republic of ireland in dublin on june 7 . there were offensive chants made by england fans during the game against italy in turin on tuesday - there is no suggestion the fans pictured were involved . england 's next international is against ireland and takes place in dublin on june 7 . the fsf are in no mood to work with the fa because of the caps dispute and claim that , having taken legal advice , anti-ira and ww2 songs are not law-breaking and that the fa showed no interest when the fsf first tackled england fans singing offensive songs in 2005 . the fa regard loyalty caps and abusive chanting as two separate issues . staging rugby world cup games at leicester city’s king power stadium rather than the sport’s welford road stronghold continues to be a problem for organisers . the loyal leicester rugby public want little to do with their football neighbours , whose three group fixtures are a long way from being sold out . radio 5 live’s loveable football commentator alan green was not happy at being asked to pay city tax on checking out of turin’s hotel carlina after the england game . green was overheard at reception moaning it was bbc’s responsibility to settle the bill and not his . but green eventually had to cough up…all of seven euros . alan green ( left ) was allegedly upset at being asked to pay city tax leaving turin after england played . 