an nfl defensive back with a history of legal problems is being investigated after reports of an early-morning incident involving a physical fight and at least one shot being fired at a texas club . denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning , according to reports . during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers , talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister 's live-in boyfriend in garland , texas . denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . during the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx in dallas , texas , after a physical fight inside . during the incident on wednesday , talib and his brother yaqub had a physical altercation with someone inside club luxx and then a shot was fired outside around 2am , wfaa reported . when dallas officers responded to the active shooter call , the man who called police said three black men had been involved in a disturbance and one of them had tried to punch him . the man also said one of the men pulled out a gun and aimed it at him before firing a round off into the sky outside the bar and causing ' an immediate panic ' . the talibs left the area in a range rover and a jaguar and went to the xtc cabaret . police found the brothers at the second club and impounded the vehicles to look for evidence . the brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing . the general manager of club luxx , confirmed the talibs were at the club but denied that anything with a gun transpired , the dallas morning news reported . hanney kamal said : 'one-hundred percent that did not happen . ' i was there . somebody might have called the police because there was a yelling argument . talib signed a six-year , $ 57 million contract last year . ' it 's athletes — someone sees them yelling and dials 911 . ' everyone was asked to leave the club , which they did of their own free will , and that was it . ' broncos vice president of public relations patrick smyth said : ' we have been in touch with aqib regarding these reports and will continue to monitor this situation . ' dallas police falsely reported talib had been arrested for throwing bottles last june during an nfl camp afterparty , the denver post reported . the police apologized after it ended up being yaqub who was arrested . during the 2011 incident in garland , felony warrants were issued for talib and his mother okolo talib on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . police suspected them both of firing shots from a ruger .380 handgun at shannon billings , the boyfriend of talib 's sister , and also believed the nfl back attempted to pistol-whip billings with a springfield 9mm semiautomatic handgun during the incident , the boston globe reported . they had apparently learned billings was being physically abusive towards their family member . talib , who owned both weapons . reportedly yelled during the pistol-whipping : ' you 're going to make me throw away my career . ' the charges were dropped because prosecutors believed billings , a registered sex offender with the state of texas , would not make a credible witness . garland police spokesman joe harn said : ' it was very fortunate no one was killed and no one was hurt seriously . ' there was n't a great deal of distance from one person to the other that was shooting . ' after the 2011 incident , a felony warrant was issued for okolo talib for an assault with a deadly weapon charge . in addition to playing for the broncos , talib has also played for the new england patriots and tampa bay bucs . in addition to the gun incidents , talib was investigated after an alleged assault on a florida cab driver . he then resisted arrest on charges of simple battery . the shutdown corner also fought with teammates and was suspended for violating the nfl 's policy on performance-enhancing substances . talib signed a six-year , $ 57 million contract with denver in march 2014 . he also has played for the new england patriots during his seven-year career . during his time with the reigning super bowl champs , talib said : ' i 'm a competitor on the field , man . ' that 's kind of what we 're talking about right now , just football . ' if charges are brought with regard to the incident in dallas , talib could face discipline under the nfl 's personal conduct policy and a suspension seems possible given his history . talib was investigated after an alleged assault on a florida cab driver and resisted arrest on a battery charge .