a san fransisco giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the la dodgers ' stadium in march 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . bryan stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game . the father-of-two , who had been a paramedic , was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside . brian stow , centre pictured with his ex-wife jackie kain and his two children tyler , 14 , and tabitha , 10 . mr stow , pictured , was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to assist his recovery . two men jumped mr stow and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground . they continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic . several of the most serious blows landed on his head causing life-changing injuries . at the time of his injury , mr stow worked as a paramedic for the san jose giants , who are the giants ' farm team . the team promised mr stow and his family that he would receive the honour of pitching the first ball during the opening game of the season . dan oram , president of the san jose giant told fox bay news : ' it 's a comeback story . just to see what he 's come through , and to be able to give him something back like this — it 's just the kind of thing that resonates with everybody . ' last year , stow shouted ' play ball ' during a world series match between the giants and kansas city royals . following the brutal assault , los angeles superior court awarded mr stow and his family $ 18 million against the la dodgers and the two men who attacked him louie sanchez and marvin norwood . however , the family has still not received any of the cash due legal delays . before suffering catastrophic injuries , right , mr stow , right , worked as a paramedic in san jose . louie sanchez , left , and marvin norwood , right , were jailed for eight and seven years respectively . both sanchez and norwood faced a criminal trial where they were jailed for eight and four years respectively . mr stow was released from hospital two years ago after his insurance company refused to pay for any more care in the center for neuro skills in bakersville . as a result of the assault , mr stow has been left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems . he also relies on a walker and a wheelchair when travelling long distances . mr stow spent two years in a specialist hospital until his insurance company refused to continue paying . police said the men were looking to assault a random san fransisco giants fan in march 2011 . despite suffering life changing injuries following a baseball match mr stow remains a fan of the sport . mr stow , left , was awarded $ 18 million compensation but has not received any cash due to legal delays .  