a man strangled his friend to death in a rage after the friend admitted that he had been molesting young girls and thought ' one of them was starting to like it , ' a jury heard this week . robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids , michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls . ' day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' mccombs testified . witnessed the confession : robert mccombs ( left ) said that when steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick ( right ) that he was a child molester , musick strangled him to death . shocking revelation : steven carl day was allegedly murdered on december 18 , 2013 after he told two friends that he molested young girls and that he thought , ' one of them was starting to like it ' . day met up with musick and mccombs at a bar on december 18 to have drinks for mccombs ' birthday and that 's where the shocking confession allegedly took place . ' my jaw just dropped that he would just admit it , blurt it out like that . i looked over at roger and he was just as shocked as i was . ' musick , 39 , mouthed the words ' i want to kill him , ' mccombs told the court . mccombs told the court that the next thing he knew , mccombs was attacking day . mccombs describes seeing musick holding day in a choke hold on the floor . ' when i saw him in the choke-hold , his arms were down , his eyes were bulging . he was n't moving , ' mccombs told the court . the detroit free press reports that the roommates put day 's dead body into the back of mccombs ' van and headed north where they found a ridge to drop the body . addiction : after the murder in 2013 , friends of day said he was an army veteran who had struggled in recent years while battling an alcohol addiction . mccombs said that the two had breakfast before parting ways . musick went to work and mccombs went to their home to get rid of day 's belongings . he claims that he put day 's backpack and coat in a trash can at a nearby shopping center and then rode day 's bike to an abandoned car wash near the home . when detectives found day 's hat and cell phone in mccomb 's van , both he and musick were charged with murder . days later the charges were dropped but they were both later arrested and charged with tampering with evidence . open container : this mug shot of steven carl day , who described by friends as an alcoholic , was taken in 2011 after he was charged with consuming alcohol in public . mccomb 's was released from jail in early march after more than a year behind bars for the ' tampering with evidence ' charge . musick was also about to be released but police later found there was enough evidence to charge him with day 's murder . musick was returned to the kent county jail without bond . kent county sheriff 's detective martin albert said he found evidence at day 's home after the 2013 murder that suggested he he had admitted to molesting a five-year-old relative , 35 years ago . at the time of his death , day had never been charged or prosecuted for any molestation crime . though , day was taking part in the salvation army 's 12-step ' turning point ' program during which day confessed in a letter to the molestation . the program is intended to help participants confront their demons , particularly with addictions . detective albert testified after the murder that day 's sister was helping with the murder investigation and told him her brother had admitted the molestation of a five-year-old relative about 35 years ago . a detective who analyzed the cell phones of both mr musick and mr mccombs told michigan 's m live text messages had been sent between the two the day the body was found . mccombs allegedly wrote : ' you ok ? the world is a better place today and one little girl can sleep tonight because her monster is gone . ' musick allegedly replied : ' true ' .