when george clooney tied the knot with british lawyer amal alamuddin in 2014 , they chose venice as the place to get married . and no wonder , this stunning city of marble palaces , ancient churches , canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love . come may , lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its biennale art festival , an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country 's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city . so if you 're heading there then , get a taste of ' la dolce vita ' clooney-style by taking in some of the places the couple made their own and the beautiful scenery that provided the backdrops for their wedding celebrations . scroll down for video . the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from saint mark’s square . the views from its restaurant are magnificent . george and amal 's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of venice 's most exclusive venues . where to stay : george 's favourite hotel . george loves the belmond hotel cipriani . it was here that both he and amal , as well as many of their celebrity friends , based themselves during the wedding weekend . guests at the hotel can try two special cocktails that george created with head barman walter bolzonella – ‘nina’s passion’ ( named after clooney’s mother ) and ‘buonanotte’ ( italian for ' good night ' in honour of clooney’s film good night , good luck ) . the hotel is on the island of giudecca , a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5miles in length , but its views of some of venice 's most famous landmarks like st mark 's square and the doge 's palace are spectacular . the belmond hotel cipriani has double garden view rooms starting from £477 per night , including breakfast and taxes . the hotel 's heated swimming pool , set in extensive gardens , is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central venice . where to eat : the stag party restaurant . clooney kicked the celebrations off with a stag do at one of his favourite eateries in the city , a traditional-style restaurant called da ivo , serving food from northern italy . george – a regular patron – is believed to have given manager pal giovanni fracassi just ten minutes’ notice prior to turning up with his stag party friends , among them former supermodel cindy crawford’s husband rande gerber . the groom ordered five courses followed by two puddings . his party also worked their way through dishes including antipasto and pasta with truffles during their stay at the restaurant , after which a satisfied george personally thanked resident chef giorgina mazzero . the bill is believed to have been around £3,000 but was waived by manager giovanni fracassi . george clooney leaving the belmond hotel cipriani ( left ) on his way by watertaxi to ristorante ivo ( right ) , where he held his stag party . rande gerber had also brought several bottles of tequila , which the group enjoyed after their dinner at the exclusive eatery . producing partner grant heslov was also there along with several other of his male companions . where to soak up the romance : the wedding hotel . george and amal chose to have their celebrations before they signed the papers to be officially wed . guests included cindy crawford , bill murray , emily blunt and matt damon , u2 lead singer bono and us vogue editor-in-chief anna wintour . and they could n't have chosen a better venue , venice 's only ' seven star ' hotel , the super swanky aman canal grande . located on the grand canal and offering glorious views across the city , the hotel has rooms bedecked with historic frescoes and hallways that ooze opulence with hand-crafted chandeliers made on the nearby island of murano , it was opened in the 450-year-old palazzo papadopoli in 2013 and offers rooms starting in price from an eye-watering €850 ( £609 ) per night , excluding tax and service , but including airport transfers by boat . if you want to really get in the romantic mood , you could book out the suite where the clooneys stayed on their wedding night ... but it will set you back an eye-watering £3,000 . the aman canal grande venice is located just opposite the cavalli palace where george and amal tied in the knot in their official ceremony . the lavishly-painted piano nobile lounge was the setting for much of george and amal 's evening wedding festivities . the palace in which the aman canal grande is housed was built in 1550 for a wealthy venetian family of traders and seafarers . where to wed : the 16th-century registry office . the final stage in the clooneys ' whirlwind wedding tour of venice was when they made it all legal in the official ceremony at a venetian registry office . they an had a choice of three venues - cavalli palace , cà farsetti , and cà vendramin calergi . in the end george and amal chose the cavalli palace , a 16th-century renaissance building in the heart of the city opposite the aman canal grande and close to the famous rialto bridge . its light-filled hall overlooking the grand canal makes it a favourite choice for couples getting married . couples from all over the world flock to venice to get hitched . prices for an official ceremony start from €400 ( £286 ) for eu citizens and €1,600 ( £1,150 ) for those from outside the european union . the bride and groom left on a vaporetto ( water taxi ) appropriately called ' amore ' accompanied by a flotilla of boats bobbing down the grand canal , looking like for all the world like a modern-day version of a painting by canaletto . george and amal ( left ) about to enter the cavalli palace ( right ) , where they married - it has incredible views over the city 's grand canal . a flotilla of boats escorted the clooneys down the incredible grand canal , the dome of st mark 's cathedral towers over the scene . tourists who pay €8 can take a lift up the 98.6-metre ( 323-ft ) tall bell tower of st mark 's cathedral for this spectacular view of the city . 