a gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple . the real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february . and while serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills - digging their way towards the temple 's famous hua pagoda . audacious plot : a seven-metre deep tunnel , which led to a 50m-long underground passage , was discovered by police when they raided the gang 's property - across the road from guanghui temple . historical site : the temple dates back to the tang dynasty and the hua pagoda ( pictured ) is nationally protected . the criminal investigation bureau was tipped off about the group 's audacious plan at the beginning of march and a task force was assigned to the case , reports people 's daily online . after two days of investigation , police officers located the tunnel and were able to determine its source . they launched a sting operation four days later and five gang members were arrested - all of who confessed to plans to steal artefacts beneath the pagoda . the gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the hua pagoda when they were caught . evidence of plan : dozens of bags of earth dug up by the gang during their tunnelling were also found by police . police questioning revealed that the gang 's leader is a man named zhang from tianjin , north china . zhang is a known artefact thief and his associates have also been involved in similar crimes in the past . they were able to hide their construction equipment from the rented property 's landlord for more than a month - as it 's thought they began digging around the chinese new year . after removing a board on the restaurant 's floor , police discovered a seven-metre-deep tunnel that opened into a passage leading towards the hua pagoda located 70 metres away . almost succeeded : the gang had dug 50 metres towards the hua pagoda and were just 20 metres away from breaching it when they were foiled by police . secret underground lair : the tunnel was around 50 metres long when the criminal gang was caught on march 6 . the tunnel was around 50 metres long when the gang was caught on march 6 . five were arrested and three people are still on the run . guanghui temple was built in tang dynasty ( 618-907 ad ) and renovated in the five dynasties ( 908-960 ad ) . it was destroyed during the war in late qing dynasty and the pagoda was the only monument remained intact . the hua pagoda is included in the major historical and cultural sites protected at the national level ( mhcspnl ) in 1961 . known to police : the gang 's leader , zhang , who was arrested , has a history of artefact theft . concealed : the gang were able to hide their construction equipment from the rented property 's landlord for more than a month . raided by police : five men were arrested following a tip-off , but three of the gang are now on the run .