tony blair yesterday faced accusations of ‘megalomania’ over an interview in which he vowed to set up his own ‘ leaders club’ of ex-statesmen – and appeared to dismiss the need for democracy . the ex-pm said he wanted to create a ‘cadre’ of former leaders to advise governments , saying : ‘ you can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors . why not use their talents and their experience ? ’ he added : ‘ why not come and help the president of this country or the prime minister of that country ? ’ scroll down for video . tony blair on the cover of newsweek . the former prime minister said his ideas of leadership were ‘ close to a benevolent dictatorship’ . in the profile in the american magazine newsweek , mr blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses , saying : ‘ yes , democracy is important , but democracy is not on its own sufficient . you need effective government taking effective decisions . ’ the article – which described mr blair’s ideas of leadership as ‘ close to a benevolent dictatorship’ – added that mr blair had concluded from the foot-and-mouth crisis of 2001 , when the army slaughtered ten million sheep and cattle , that soldiers were better at emergencies than governments . when asked about his future work plans , he grandly announced : ‘i’ve done british . i suppose where i think i can make most difference is on a global level , working on things that had interested me as prime minister but that i was not able to devote myself to . ’ mr blair , who made his first intervention in the election campaign last week with a speech backing ed miliband and warning about the risks of leaving the european union , said that he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s . blair in his old constituency giving a talk at the xcel centre in county durham in support of ed miliband . he said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s . explaining why he had no plans to retire , mr blair said : ‘i’ve got decades . i want to be seeing someone when i’m 91 after having had medical tests which show i’m getting younger . the thought of actually retiring is not ... look , you have got to have some self-awareness of these things . tory mp andrew bridgen has branded blair a ' megalomaniac ' for his newsweek remarks . ‘ and i just know that if i do that , it would literally take me about three days before i was bored out of my mind . took to drink or something . ’ the 61-year-old has been working as a middle east peace envoy while picking up international consultancy work that earns him millions of pounds a year . talking about the group of ex-leaders he hoped to deploy in his business , mr blair suggested that only those who had risen to the top of their countries could properly relate to each other . he said : ‘ the moment i’m talking to a new leader and i’m describing what i felt and what the challenges were , there’s a total and instant empathy , an immediate locking on to each other ... and i know what it’s like because i’ve sat in the decision-making seat . ’ last night , tory mp andrew bridgen claimed that mr blair’s words suggested he has ‘ completely lost the plot’ . mr bridgen added : ‘ david cameron recently announced that he would not serve a third term , on the grounds that all prime ministers go a bit mad after ten years . ‘ it is becoming increasingly clear that mr blair’s decade in downing street has indeed left its mark , and he is now displaying the distinct signs of megalomania . ’