west ham manager sam allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after marko arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser saw the hammers drop points for the second game in a row . allardyce 's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months but having already had two goals ruled out for offside , arnautovic eventually punished the fading hosts to earn a draw . aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but after a strong start it was stoke who ended up dominating and they left with a deserved point . marko arnautovic ( second left ) is mobbed by his stoke city team-mates after scoring a 95th minute equaliser at west ham united .  west ham ( 4-1-2-1-2 ) : adrian 6.5 ; jenkinson 6.5 , collins 7 , reid 6 , cresswell 7 ; song 7 ( nolan 67 mins , 6 ) ; noble 6 , kouyate 7 ; downing 5.5 ; valencia 7.5 ( amalfitano 78 ) , sakho 6.5 ( cole 59 , 5.5 ) . subs not used : jaaskelainen , jarvis , nene , o'brien . booked : collins , nolan . manager : sam allardyce 6.5 . stoke city ( 4-2-3-1 ) : begovic 6.5 ; cameron 6 , shawcross 6 , wollscheid 5.5 , wilson 6 ( pieters 49 , 5.5 ) ; whelan 6 ( ireland 67 ) , nzonzi 6 ; moses 6.5 ( diouf 44 , 7 ) , adam 6.5 , arnautovic 7 ; walters 6.5 . subs not used : butland , bardlsey , sidwell , crouch . booked : pieters . manager : mark hughes 6.5 . referee : roger east 7 . man of the match : marko arnautovic . attendance : 34,946 . click here to view our brilliant match zone including the move for marko arnautovic 's 95th minute equaliser for stoke city . it is the fourth time this year that a late goal has cost the ninth-placed hammers after draws at manchester united , tottenham hotspur and the defeat at leicester city last week . without the late goals they could be above swansea city and sitting on a club-record 50 points . ' we ca n't find the right key elements to see that game out . we leave ourselves on a nervous edge , ' allardyce said . ' we are very nervous at that stage over what 's happened before and we should be on 50 points now . we 've thrown away seven points in two minutes or less in four games . ' if we had concentrated better in those ( last ) minutes , we would be sitting on our greatest total and finish ever in the ( premier ) league . instead we are scratching our heads on when are we going to finish a game out again . i thought we were going to do it today , but it finished miserably in the end over just a few seconds . ' west ham 's performances have dipped since a strong start to the season but there was no sign of any supposed complacency early on against stoke , and the reawakening coincided with the return of enner valencia . it was stoke 's inability to deal with him led to the opening goal after seven minutes . glenn whelan tripped valencia five yards outside the penalty area to give west ham an opportunity to shoot from the dead ball . mark noble looked the most likely candidate and when he stepped over the ball it seemed to leave goalkeeper asmir begovic confused . instead , unlikely scorer cresswell was the chosen one and he sent the free-kick over the wall and curling into the bosnian stopper 's top left-hand corner to give west ham the lead with his second goal of the season . aaron cresswell ( right ) attempts to go past stoke forward arnautovic during the opening stages of saturday 's encounter . west ham midfielder alex song ( right ) runs with the ball in midfield as the home side look to record back-to-back home league wins . cresswell scored the opening goal of the game as west ham drew 1-1 with stoke in the premier league on saturday . cresswell ( right ) gave the hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes after enner valencia was fouled . the hammers left back watches on as his free kick curls up and over the stoke wall and into the top corner of the net . cresswell ( left ) is mobbed by his west ham team-mates who congratulate the west ham no 3 on his curled effort . west ham were well on top , and diafra sakho and cheikhou kouyate could have added to the lead inside the opening 20 minutes . but as the half wore on it was stoke who looked the more likely to score . valencia 's influence waned and instead it was arnautovic who took control , dominating cresswell down west ham 's left-hand side . charlie adam curled an ambitious free-kick over the bar from 40 yards out in search of his second wonder goal in a week before jonathan walters silenced an impatient upton park with a low strike that looked to have gone in but had instead hit adrian 's side netting . victor moses also had an opportunity , bringing down arnautovic 's cross inside the penalty area , spinning and firing in a shot that was deflected just wide . allardyce would have been pleased just to see his side make it through to half-time unscathed and stoke went in at the break with a sense of injustice after hearing referee roger east blow his whistle as they prepared for the latest in a series of dangerous corners . a low-key opening to the second half allowed the home side to settle a bit and they looked the better side until a mistake by winston reid gave adam a chance on the hour mark but a bobble came to the rescue and the scot shot wide . stoke manager mark hughes ( right ) shows his emotion on the touchline as his side try to find a way back into the match at upton park . stoke forward victor moses ( left ) fires a shot at goal as the potters push for an equaliser in the first half at upton park . however , that proves to be the nigeria international 's final participation of the match as he injures his leg . referee roger east ( left ) calls for assistance as moses ( bottom ) lays in a heap on the pitch in the closing stages of the first half . moses ( centre ) hobbles off the pitch with the assistance of two stoke medics after injuring his leg following his shot . moses ' replacement mame biram diouf ( left ) is quickly into the thick of the action as he shields the ball away from james collins . stoke were dealt a further blow in the second half when defender marc wilson ( left ) had to leave the pitch injured . stoke midfielder charlie adam ( left ) battles for the ball against west ham captain kevin nolan in the second half . minutes later arnautovic had the ball in the net , slotting past adrian , but his run was correctly flagged for offside . the spanish keeper 's goal seemed to be living a charmed life and particularly so as stoke went within an inch of equalising . jonathan walters sent in a cross from the right that was met by the unmarked head of substitute mame biram diouf , who powered an effort towards goal only to see it bounce off the inside of the post , along the goal line and somehow staying out . west ham looked like throwing it all away again late on . arnautovic found adrian 's net for a second time but was again flagged for offside . but the austrian was n't to be denied and he eventually scored with seconds left to spark wild celebrations in front of the away end . stephen ireland flicked the ball on and arnautovic applied the finish , slipping the ball into the corner to leave a familiar scene for the home support . stoke manager mark hughes said : ' it looked for a long time that we were n't going to be able to do it . ' when we got into the fourth minute of added on time it looked as though it was n't going to be our day . credit to the lads , i thought they were brilliant . ' players from both teams are involved in a heated argument after the final whistle of upton park clash on saturday afternoon . arnautovic applauds the jubliant travelling stoke fans who made the trip to upton park after the match . west ham players walk off the pitch dejected after conceding arnautovic 's late equaliser during saturday 's encounter .