secret service agents will take a bullet for the president of the united states , but apparently they wo n't swim for him . when the public commissions with jurisdiction over the white house heard proposals for beefing up the presidential mansion 's perimiter , they were told that the government would n't be digging a moat around the building . that idea , it turns out , was actually under consideration . but nbc-tv4 in washington reported that ' there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it . ' ultimately saner heads prevailed : the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house , to the existing fence . scroll down for videos . a joke taken seriously : one television network mocked up what 1600 pennsylvania avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders . a washington , dc television station showed this mockup on thursday , depicting the angled steel spikes that will soon be atop the white house perimeter fence . the new spikes , officially known as ' pencil protrusions , ' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated . the white house might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between , but barbed wire has been ruled out . a sitting u.s. congressman suggested in november that the secret service would be better able to protect the president and his family if 1600 pennsylvania avenue took a more mediaeval approach to security with a moat . tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen made the idea part of his brainstorm in a q-and-a session with then-acting secret service director joseph clancy during a capitol hill hearing . ' would a moat – water , six feet around – be kind of attractive and effective ? ' a straight-faced cohen asked . low-tech fence : a man named omar gonzalez scaled the existing wrought-iron barrier in front of the white house in september – and ran all the way into the white house while carrying a knife in his pants pocket . clancy replied that changes to the presidential mansion 's perimeter fence was the main upgrade under consideration . ' like a higher fence ? ' cohen followed up . ' you 're right sir , a higher fence would certainly help us , ' the secret service director told him . in the hearing , conservative republican rep. louie gohmert of texas suggested that if the white house wo n't build a fence or a wall on america 's southern border , strengthening the white house 's fence should be an equally bad idea . obama administration officials have long argued that fencing along the u.s.-mexico border would be worthless . ' i would think that if the admin 's gon na being consistent , ' gohmert said , ' it 's now time to remove the fence from around the white house , 'cause if it is n't good enough for our border , it should n't good enough for our white house . ' secret service acting director joseph clancy played mop-up in november , apologizing to congress for hooker scandals , security breaches and a shooting . make it tall : texas republican rep. louis gohmert said last year that if the obama administration does n't want a border fence between texas and mexico , it should n't expect one around the white house . or else , the right-wing firebrand added , obama 's policymakers should admit that ' maybe there really is some real virtue in having a fence that slows people down . ' among the secret service 's recent embarrassing episodes has been a series of fence-jumping security breaches , including a man with a pocket knife who made it all the way into the east room . cohen , the moat-proposing tennessean , found mention of that hair-raising moment amusing in november . ' this guy got further in the white house than some of my republican colleagues have ever gotten , ' he said , laughing .   