gary field , pictured , was seen at a ukip event in south thanet awaiting the arrival of nigel farage . nigel farage was at the centre of fresh controversy last night after national front members turned up to campaign for him in the south thanet constituency . the row started after a group of far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs on friday evening . they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league , and enjoyed the protection of ukip’s security teams , which encircled the broadstairs pavilion . mr field , who has a criminal record for assault , drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for mr farage’s arrival . yesterday , mr farage’s labour opponent in south thanet , will scobie , claimed a group of his campaigners had been attacked by national front members chanting for ukip in broadstairs late on friday . when mr farage realised that mr field and his supporters had been seen by this newspaper on friday evening , he moved quickly to disown them , saying : ‘ members of an extremist group today arrived at a ukip public meeting at the same time as a mail on sunday camera arrives . ’ mr farage’s comments triggered a war of words with the patriots group , which immediately posted a message saying : ‘ we went to ukip meeting with members of kent nf and after the meeting nigel farage went on twitter saying we have far right extremists here ... the question is nig , do you want our vote or not ? ’ an anti-ukip campaigner , bunny la roche , claims she was followed into a cafe by mr field earlier this month after she turned up to protest at a ukip rally in margate on april 11 . she has reported him to police for alleged assault after he sprayed lynx deodorant in her face . shortly after the incident , mr field posted offensive messages about mr scobie , writing : ‘ will scobie you are a liebour [ sic ] paedo supporting ponse you won’t beat ukip in south thanet you dirty little scummy traitor . ’ he added : ‘ i have the lynx effect on lefties . ’ gary field , in the white hat , said he was opposed to the ' stand up to ukip group ' and the extreme left . mr field is a former regional organiser of the edl and was waiting for ukip leader nigel farage , pictured . mr field was tagged in 2013 for breaching a community service order after being found guilty of assault . mr field said yesterday : ‘ i am against labour and oppose the stand-up to ukip group . i did spray her [ bunny ] with deodorant . it was just banter . ‘ she and her people are on the extreme left . i am not a member of any political party and i don’t intimidate people . ’ a ukip spokesman said : ‘ we don’t know who gary field is , and therefore we have no responsibility for the actions he takes or the events that he attends . we have made our stance on extremist groups clear . we have no truck with them . end of . ’ 