history 's warning . england ended the day in a strong position , but it’s worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009 . like thursday , england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target ( 503 ) . but the home side’s lower order hung on — with sulieman benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw . stuart broad celebrates with his england team-mates after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite . bruiser buttler . with gary ballance knocking the ball around the park , his partner jos buttler thought he’d get in on the act — but instead smashed a loopy ball from marlon samuels straight into his team-mate’s arm . the yorkshire batsman was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on . england 's gary ballance receives treatment on the field after he was struck by a shot from jos buttler . root is secure . after ballance and ian bell made centuries in the first test , joe root’s 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked . the yorkshireman has emerged as a consistent performer for england , passing 50 runs seven times in his last six tests . joe root plays a shot during his 142-run total on day four at the sir vivian richards stadium . umpire davis stumped . umpire steve davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon . jason holder bowled at buttler’s leg stump and hit the batsman on the bottom of his left pad , earning an lbw call from davis . buttler reviewed the decision and to no-one’s surprise , drs showed the ball was missing leg stump by so much it didn’t even pitch in line . umpire steve davis dropped a bit of a clanger in the afternoon with his lbw call on buttler . a bishoo blunder ? thursday 's free-scoring was assisted greatly by a toiling west indies spin attack , prompting many — including sir viv richards — to question the absence of leg-spinner devendra bishoo , who ran out bell as a sub fielder on wednesday . england fans may remember his excellent three-wicket haul against bell and co at the 2011 world cup . leg spinner devendra bishoo was conspicuous in his absence for west indies against england . morgan 's rum do . elsewhere , eoin morgan and ravi bopara — both overlooked for this test — were in action for sunrisers hyderabad as they lost to rajasthan royals . morgan laboured to 27 from 30 balls , but bopara helped himself to 23 off 19 and two wickets . eoin morgan , who was overlooked for the first test , was in action for sunrisers hyderabad on thursday .  