san antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against houston on wednesday , leaving the top three teams in the nba 's southwest division separated by just half a game as the regular season enters its last week . the defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis , which drew level with the rockets atop the division by inflicting new orleans ' heaviest defeat of the season . in the eastern conference , no 1 playoff seed atlanta had a narrow win over a brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance , and cleveland secured both the central division title and no.2 seed in the conference by defeating milwaukee . san antonio guard tony parker lays up as the spurs overcame the houston rockets 110-98 on wednesday . spurs win leaves the nba 's southwest division split by half a game as they trail memphis and houston . san antonio 's tony parker scored 27 points and kawhi leonard added 20 for the spurs who overcame a slow start to lead by as much as 22 points before easing up . jason terry led houston with 22 points , while the rockets got only three points from james harden over the final three quarters . the rockets and the spurs meet again on friday in a game that will be a key to determining the southwest title . memphis pulled even with houston by routing new orleans 110-74 . zach randolph had 15 points and 13 rebounds while jeff green and marc gasol also each had 15 points for the grizzlies , who rediscovered their best form after a rocky patch . anthony davis scored 12 points for the pelicans , who dropped back into a tie with oklahoma city for the western conference 's final playoff spot . brooklyn nets ' deron williams passes around the back of mike muscala of atlanta hawks , who won 114-111 . atlanta completed a season sweep of brooklyn by winning 114-111 at the nets , with al horford making the go-ahead basket on a dunk with 19 seconds remaining . playing without injured all-star paul millsap and further undermanned after pero antic and thabo sefolosha were arrested early wednesday at the scene of a nightclub stabbing and did n't play , the hawks recovered after blowing a 12-point , fourth-quarter lead . horford scored 24 points and mike scott had 20 points for atlanta , which won its third straight . brook lopez had 26 points and 10 rebounds for the nets , who are level with boston in seventh and eighth in the east . cleveland 's kyrie irving scored 27 points to lead the cavaliers to a 104-99 victory over milwaukee to clinch the central . lebron james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the cavs , including 10 points in the fourth quarter . michael carter-williams scored 30 points for the bucks , who are sixth in the east standings but yet to clinch a playoff berth . zach randolph had 15 points and 13 rebounds for memphis in their 110-74 routing of new orleans . dallas eliminated phoenix from playoff contention by beating the suns 107-104 , with dirk nowitzki scoring 19 points , including the go-ahead basket and a key 3-pointer in the fourth quarter . phoenix will miss the postseason for the fifth straight season , while the mavericks were locked into the seventh seed in the west when new orleans lost at memphis . tyson chandler had 12 points and 23 rebounds , two off his season high , for dallas while gerald green had a season-high 30 points to lead the suns . toronto ended a run of six-straight losses against charlotte by beating the hornets 92-74 . demar derozan scored 18 points and lou williams and greivis vasquez each scored 16 points for the atlantic division-leading raptors . kemba walker had 15 points for charlotte , which is three games off eighth place in the east . orlando 's victor oladipo scored on a layup with 1.5 seconds left to give the magic a 105-103 victory over chicago , spoiling derrick rose 's return to the bulls . oladipo had 23 points and nik vucevic added 22 in the magic 's third straight win . rose started and played for the first time in more than a month since undergoing knee surgery . the point guard was 3 of 9 from the field and finished with nine points in 19 minutes . dirk nowitzki on his way to 19 points as dallas mavericks eliminated phoenix suns from playoff contention . jimmy butler scored 19 points for the bulls , who had a last chance after oladipo 's basket , but an inbounds pass from mike dunleavy to pau gasol sailed out of bounds . portland boosted its chances of home advantage in the playoffs by beating lowly minnesota 116-91 , with lamarcus aldridge contributing 24 points and 13 rebounds before sitting out the fourth quarter . boston moved into a tie for seventh in the east , and eliminated detroit from playoff contention , by winning 113-103 at the pistons , thanks chiefly to isaiah thomas ' season-high 34 points . washington shot a franchise-record 65.3 percent from the field in beating philadelphia 119-90 , despite resting all-star guard john wall and ending his consecutive games streak at 208 . utah 's derrick favors scored 18 points , grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked three shots as the jazz defeated sacramento 103-91 in a matchup of non-playoff teams . indiana moved within one game of the final playoff-yielding spot in the east by beating lowly new york 102-86 . denver 's kenneth faried scored a season-high 29 points and had 11 rebounds to lead the nuggets past the los angeles lakers 119-101 . 