veterinarians have criticised eu rules on organic farming that demands that fish are treated with homoeopathic remedies . in line with eu regulations , the first line of treatment for organic fish should be ' substances from plants , animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution ' , before . british and norwegian vets have called the directives ' scientifically illiterate ' , saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to ' serious animal health and welfare detriment . ' ' risk ' : under eu regulations , organic farmers must first use ' substances from plants , animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution ' to treat ill fish , which has been criticised by british and norwegian vets ( stock image ) . the directives , outlined in the 2009 european regulation on organic aquaculture , are set to be brought into national law in non-eu norway , which has caused vets to see red . section 7 of the regulations calls for organic farmers to use ' substances from plants , animals or minerals in a homoeopathic dilution ' , as their first port of call when their fish are ill . after this , the ' veterinary treatments ' section outlines that farmers may use ' plants and their extracts not having anaesthetic effects ' . as well as the directive to use homeopathic treatments , organic fish farmers are only allowed to resort to mainstream medical treatments a maximum of twice per year , or their fish will lose its organic certification . this has been criticised by the norwegian veterinary association ( nva ) as could mean that fish are not getting the correct treatment in time , causing them unnecessary suffering . danger : british and norwegian vets have called the eu directives on organic fish treatment ' scientifically illiterate ' , saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to ' serious animal health and welfare detriment ' . ' we think it 's totally unacceptable from a scientific point of view because there 's no scientific basis for using homeopathy , ' ellef blakstad , the head of the norwegian veterinary association , told the local.no . ' if you start using homeopathy , you prolong the time when the animals are not getting adequate treatment and that 's a threat to animal welfare . ' harsh : farmers are only allowed to use mainstream medical treatments a twice per year , or their fish will lose its organic certification ( stock image ) . the criticism from norway has been echoed by the british veterinary association , saying use of homeopathy could lead to ' serious animal health and welfare detriment . ' the british veterinary association ( bva ) can not endorse the use of homeopathic remedies , or indeed any products , making therapeutic claims , which have no proven efficacy , ' british veterinary association president john blackwell told mailonline . ' as with any treatment for disease using medicines , bva believes that veterinary medicinal products must be evidence-based , with any medicinal claims made by a manufacturer supported . ' if homeopathic remedies are used without proven effectiveness on farmed fish across the eu , including the uk , the consequence could be serious animal health and welfare detriment , which would be counterproductive to both animal health and to the farmed fish industry in the uk . ' homepathic treatments are based on the principle that ' like cures like ' , whereby a highly diluted substance that causes the symptoms in a healthy person , can also cure similar symptoms in a sick person . a 2010 house of commons science and technology committee report on homeopathy said that homeopathic remedies perform no better than placebos , and that the principles on which homeopathy is based are ' scientifically implausible ' .