a former marine who was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to an ohio mosque has sent a letter apologizing and asking forgiveness from its members . randy linn , now in a california federal prison where he 's two years into his 20-year sentence , said that he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire . randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to a suburban toledo , ohio , mosque . federal prosecutors said linn drove from his home in st. joe , indiana , to the islamic center of greater toledo ( pictured ) in september 20112 , broke into the mosque , poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire . ' well again , i’m very sorry for what i did . hopefully someday you all can forgive me . and yes i don’t like it here , you can tell everyone , that i’m sure will put a smile on everyone face , ' he said in his letter , according to the blade . cherrefe kadri , president of the center , said she thought linn 's letter was sincere . linn had several firearms in his car and carried a gun into the mosque , which was empty at the time . linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he 'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque . he also blamed what happened on a day of heavy drinking . being forgiven , he wrote last december , would ' probably give me a little bit of peace of mind . ' cherrefe kadri , president of the islamic center of greater toledo , told the blade said she waited nearly six weeks to respond to linn 's letter . most of the members have moved on , she said . ' i think his letter was truly sincere , and i told him that , ' she said . her response , written on stationery with an image of the mosque at the top , said that she hopes he can make peace with god . ' neither our community nor i harbor any hatred , ill-will or malice toward you , ' she wrote . a sprinkler system extinguished the blaze , leaving smoke and water damage in the prayer room of the facility . no one was injured in the fire .