under pressure : tony cocker , the chief executive of e.on , which has been forced to pay £7.75million to citizens advice after the regulator found the energy giant had overcharged customers after price rises . power giant e.on has been ordered to pay a £7.75million penalty after it ripped off customers who were switching to rivals . the money will go to citizens advice to fund the organisation’s work helping those trying to cut their energy bills . e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after it announced price rises in january 2013 and again in early 2014 . industry rules state that energy companies must give customers 30 days’ notice of any price rise . once a customer states they intend to move , the firm is not allowed to impose an exit fee or apply the new higher tariff even if the move takes place after the date of the increase . however , industry regulator ofgem found that e.on broke the rules by hitting tens of thousands of departing customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched . the firm admitted the mistake as far as customers who paid by direct debit or cheque were concerned . however , it failed to notify ofgem that it also affected people with meters until late in the investigation . it has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque and is now trying to find another 7,000 meter customers to pay them an average of £3.42 . while the sums involved are relatively low , ofgem imposed a high penalty because e.on did the same thing in january 2012 . at that time , it was ordered to refund £1.4million to customers and pay £300,000 in lieu of a penalty to age uk . the firm claimed it had implemented new procedures to stop it happening again , but was guilty of the same mistake in both 2013 and 2014 . ' absolutely unacceptable ' : regulator ofgem said the penalty reflected e.on 's ' repeated failings ' on billing rules after the company incorrectly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers . ofgem’s enforcement chief , sarah harrison , said : ‘ our rules give customers a chance to avoid exit fees and higher costs when suppliers put up prices . these are important customer protections and it is vital suppliers play by the rules . the energy regulator has imposed fines on energy companies totalling £168 million since 2010 . britain 's big six energy suppliers are responsible for £99million of the payments , with british gas the worst offender among them with their figure totalling £34.6million . e.on has been fined £24.8million in total . the payments are as follows : november 2012 : e.on agrees to pay out £1.7million to customers and charities after customers were incorrectly charged exit fees or overcharged following price rises . july 2013 : the company agrees a £3million package of fines and money for customers after it misreported the number of energy-saving light bulbs it had distributed under an energy efficiency scheme . may 2014 : e.on agrees to pay £12million to vulnerable customers for mis-selling . april 2015 : the company agrees to pay £7.75million to citizens advice to help vulnerable customers in addition to £400,000 already paid to those affected , after it was found to have overcharged in the wake of price rises . ‘ it is important that e.on has repaid potentially affected customers and co-operated with the investigation . however it’s absolutely unacceptable that it failed to provide these vital customer protections yet again and this persistent failure is the reason for the high penalty . ’ citizens advice chief executive gillian guy said the ruling should send a warning to other firms . ‘ consumer rights can not be ignored , ’ she said . ‘ customers shouldn’t be trapped in higher bills . with prices up a third since 2010 people must have the freedom to shop around for a better deal . ‘ consumers must be confident that the regulator will take strong action when companies fail so this judgment is welcome news . ‘ it is positive that the ofgem penalty will go towards helping people who are struggling to heat and light their homes . ’ e.on apologised and has agreed to fund an independent external audit into what went wrong . a spokesman said : ‘ we have been open and transparent about this failure to ofgem and have agreed to make a payment to citizens advice which will be used to support its energy best deal extra engagement programme , which provides face to face energy advice . ‘e.on is committed to ensuring that no one will lose out financially and is pleased that the payment is going to a worthwhile cause that will provide support to those in need . ’