a 14-year-old high school freshman has killed himself in a ditch after being bullied by older students , according to friends . raymond howell jr. 's body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney , texas - around four miles from where he attended school at mckinney boyd high - on thursday . police , who were on the scene at 7am , have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound . after his body was found , friends said that he never would have taken his life , but mckinney police confirmed on thursday that it was suicide . loss : the body of raymond howell , jr. was found early on thursday morning a few miles from his school . tribute : friends paid tribute to the teenager on social media . some friends reported that he had been bullied . friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager , but said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students , cbs reported . ' there were people who did n't like him , but it 's life - there 's always someone that wo n't like you , ' family friend aleena rogers , 16 , told the dallas morning news . ' but those were very few and far between for him . he was loved by most everyone . ' she said he was always helping other people and called him ' an amazing guy with a huge heart ' . another friend wrote on instagram that howell had been found shot to death and called him ' a great , happy , awesome , and nice guy ' . ' i am gon na miss you bro , ' he wrote . school district officials have not yet responded to requests from dailymail.com over whether they were aware of the bullying claims . scene : his body was found near this culvert in mckinney , texas . friends say he died of a bullet wound . school : he was a freshman at mckinney boyd high , pictured , but had reportedly asked for a transfer . loved : another friend posted pictures to twitter showing him with raymond when they were younger . but they released a statement on thursday to say they would be providing counselors to help students and staff affected by the tragedy . ' it is with great sadness that we were informed this morning of the death of a mckinney boyd high school student , ' district spokesman cody cunningham said in the statement . ' we recognize there are a lot of unanswered questions at this time , and we ask for your patience as the mckinney police department investigates the situation . ' • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . see below for video . 