the baby , known as mary , had been born at alder hey hospital in liverpool , pictured , but died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach . a six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach despite her drug-user parents being reported to social services five times . small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant , known as mary , who died suddenly in 2013 , after a lengthy stay in alder hey children 's hospital in liverpool . now a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have highlighted the baby 's vulnerability . according to a report , mary 's family , who lived in liverpool , were well-known to social services and had been reported five times amid concerns of alcohol abuse , domestic violence and child neglect . a school had also raised concerns about the way other children in the family were being brought up . mary was the youngest child in a family of four children born to a mother aged 30 and a father aged 33 . at the time of her death , her siblings were one , eight and 10 . her parents came to the attention of social care unit careline five times between 2008 and 2012 . mary 's siblings ' school had already raised concerns that the two eldest children were overweight , staying off school and left to look after their baby brother while their parents stayed in bed . mary was born 12 weeks early at alder hey children 's hospital in january 2013 and was diagnosed with a number of medical conditions , including a heart murmur . she was kept in hospital for three months during which time there were ' several consecutive days ' in which she had no contact with her parents . after she was discharged from hospital and into her parents ' care , a number of community nurse follow-up visits were scheduled . but the nurse was unable to get access to the family despite visiting them three times in one week . a fourth visit was successful but later appointments were not kept . a day before mary died in july 2013 , a health visitor went to the home but was stopped at the door . a post-mortem revealed the presence ' at very low levels ' of cocaine , tramadol and mirtazapine ( an anti-depressant ) in her stomach . police also found empty beer cans , drugs and a syringe on the premises and her mother admitted to the police that she used cocaine and cannabis in the home . because of a lack of evidence , a coroner ruled the cause of mary’s death was ' unascertained ' as it was ruled the traces of drugs , which could have come from the environment or through resuscitation attempts , were not considered to have directly led to her death . a post-mortem revealed the presence of cocaine , pictured , at ' very low levels ' as well as tramadol and mirtazapine , an anti depressant ( file picture ) . the report said : ' whilst agencies had some concerns about the older children , they generally worked to single rather than multi-agency agendas and processes . ' there was some evidence of good informal liaisons such as between the school and the education welfare officer , or the school and school nurse , but generally the level of inter-agency communication required to support a family with four children was not achieved . ' child mary was a vulnerable child and a discussion between health professionals may well have highlighted important information about [ the mother’s ] history of not engaging with health services in respect of her children and the shared information may have led to further action . ' but liverpool safeguarding children board , which compiled the independent report , said it was impossible to tell if the death of baby mary – not her real name – could have been avoided . chairman howard cooper said : ' predicting the likelihood of such an outcome for a vulnerable baby is difficult to achieve with any meaningful degree of accuracy . ' it can not be inferred that child mary’s death was preventable , but there are lessons to be learned for all the agencies involved with this family about multi-agency working . ” mr cooper said a number of recommendations had been made in the wake of the infant 's death to improve working relationships between agencies tasked with supporting vulnerable children and their families . the 10 findings made by the board included an assessment that the follow-up services by mary’s hospital and community health services were “ineffective” for a vulnerable baby in the care of parents with a “ very poor history of co-operation” . the panel also criticised the lack of a multi-agency system for monitoring missed medical appointments , resulting in “ potentially significant” signs of neglect being missed . 