rehomed : nellist 's young spaniel cross called coco . a drunken restaurant owner has been banned from keeping animals after he was caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room . david nellist , 38 , of keswick , cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco ' screaming ' . nellist was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months , banned from keeping animals for five years , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580 at workington magistrates court in cumbria last week . the court was told the incident took place early on monday january 19 at the tapas bar nellist co-owned at the time of the incident in keswick . rspca inspector martyn fletcher said : ' a neighbour was awakened in the middle of the night by a noise that she described as `` an animal in extreme pain or distress '' . ' scroll down for video . sentenced : david nellist , 38 , has been banned from keeping animals for five years by magistrates in cumbria . caught on camera : nellist was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco ' screaming ' . the woman said it sounded like a scream , as if the dog was being tortured . ' she told us the sound continued intermittently , causing her to be so concerned that she actually got up , left her home and followed the noise to the restaurant , ' mr fletcher said . ' this was 3.30am . ' cctv footage from several cameras inside the restaurant showed nellist beating the dog . mr fletcher said : ' there is no audio recorded on it , but it’s horrible to watch . 'he’s seen pursuing her relentlessly as she moves from room to room , clearly frightened and trying to get away from him . ' he repeatedly punches her , kicks her and on two occasions picks her up by the throat and throws her across the room onto the ground . 'it’s not difficult to imagine what might have happened had it not been for the actions of the neighbour . ' police were called to the restaurant but left after finding no obvious injuries to the animal . the rspca was called and after viewing the footage , coco was seized by police on veterinary advice and placed in rspca care . video contains footage some viewers may find upsetting . cctv footage from several cameras inside the restaurant showed david nellist , co-owner at the time , beating coco the dog . the drunken restaurant boss caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room . on examination , the vet found no injuries but prescribed anti-inflammatory drugs based on what she had seen on the footage . in mitigation , the court heard that nellist was drunk at the time and was appalled by his actions . coco has since been rehomed . 'i’ve seen her since and she’s like a different dog , ' mr fletcher added . 'she’s got a fantastic owner who has another dog too , and they’ve become great friends . 'she’s a really cheeky girl . ' nellist admitted causing unnecessary suffering to his pet by subjecting her to unnecessary physical violence .