a convicted fraudster stole £17,000 from the city firm where she worked after she started embezzling money on her second day in the job . gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding , as well as a £5,000 honeymoon in the seychelles . she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously . just married : but gabrielle yinka saunders , pictured during her wedding to david osborne , stole £17,000 to pay for the ceremony and her luxury honeymoon . fraud : saunders , pictured outside the old bailey , admitted cheating her company out of thousands of pounds . saunders , also known as gabriella osborne since getting married at belair house in dulwich last september , stole £35,000 from her previous employer pricewaterhousecoopers , where she worked as a tax accountant . after serving a jail sentence , she started a £40,000-a-year job as a personal assistant at insight investments in june last year . but she proceeded to embezzle a total of £17,000 using her colleagues ' credit cards - including £600 for flowers , £270 on a new watch , £210 on a new outfit and £400 for a mobile phone . the old bailey heard saunders came to the uk from nigeria and graduated from southampton university with a law degree in 2004 , before starting work at pwc . while working at the multinational firm , saunders forged taxi receipts to destinations across the country at up to £250 a time , then signed them off by faking a colleague 's signature . couple : saunders was convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence . free : saunders , pictured with her husband in an engagement photo , was spared jail . celebration : but saunders was arrested at heathrow when the couple returned from their honeymoon . in 2007 she was jailed for six months for fraud , and in 2011 she was again convicted of fraud but spared jail after a court heard she had stolen money from neighbour using credit cards . the day after saunders started working at insight investments in june , she charged £5,272 to a colleague 's credit card in order to pay travel agent trailfinders for her luxury honeymoon with husband david osborne . mugshot : saunders pictured after she was jailed for a £35,000 fraud in 2007 . in september she used another colleague 's card to pay £10,254 to belair house , £268.20 to the jeweller andrew charles , £597 to pesh flowers , £208.44 to fashion store asos and £390 to ee t-mobile . prosecutor roger daniells-smith said : ' she paid for a prestige wedding venue , she paid for the flowers , she paid for her honeymoon outfit and clothing . ' she paid for phone calls to make these arrangements and she paid for the gift of a watch . she paid for the honeymoon which was a first-class trip to dubai and then on to the seychelles . ' they were arrested at heathrow when they returned to the uk and she made no comment in interview , but it was clear from the evidence that she was solely responsible for these frauds . ' saunders , from camberwell in south london , admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990 , and was sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment suspended for two years , with 200 hours of unpaid work . judge stephen gullick decided against jailing her after he was told that she had repaid the money and was retraining as a teacher . he said : ' you have a singularly unimpressive record and you have already served a prison sentence some time ago . pricey : saunders spent £10,000 of her firm 's money to book belair house for her wedding reception . honeymoon : she also stole £5,000 to pay for a luxury post-wedding break in the seychelles . ' you did not disclose your previous dishonesty to your employers , who were prepared to take you on as an administrative assistant on a good salary . ' the fact is within days you were prepared to take advantage . you effectively defrauded others to the tune of £17,000 , all of which has been paid back . that money was used to finance your wedding and the subsequent honeymoon . ' you have now started working in a completely different environment . i hope they will never place you in a position of trust with anything to do with money . ' these were serious offences but it appears you are turning your life around . if you continue to commit offences of dishonest of this nature you will eventually receive a very long sentence of imprisonment indeed . '