the mother of a primary school pupil who told a labour mp he supported ukip because he wanted to get ' all the foreigners out the country ' has admitted she 's embarrassed by the exchange . tristram hunt , the shadow education secretary , was visiting the primary school in derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could . video of the conversation shows the labour mp was stunned by the statement , which a ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been ' drinking in propaganda ' from the party 's rivals . the mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained ' it is n't about being foreign ' . but she added : ' i do personally support an australian points system . ' scroll down for video . tristram hunt , the shadow education secretary , had asked the youngster who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could take part . the mother , who wished to remain anonymous , told mailonline she was ' embarrassed ' after the video went viral online . she added : ' i can see the funny side , but it is a but embarrassing . ' i do n't really think my son understands the impact of what he said . i think he 's just heard people talking . ' his dad agrees with some of ukip 's policies , but i have n't decided who i am going to vote for yet . ' when my son told me what he 'd said , i sat him down and explained it is n't about being foreign . but i do personally support an australian points system - if you have something to offer the country when you are coming in that 's fair enough . ' mr hunt , who was visiting a primary school in derbyshire as part of the election campaign , asked the year six child : ' do you know who you would vote for ? ' when the child said ukip , mr hunt replied , ' very good ' and asked why . the youngster replied : ' to get all the foreigners out the country . ' a labour spokesman admitted to mailonline that mr hunt had been taken aback by the schoolboy 's remarks . he said : ' we at a school in derbyshire , in a classroom . i 'll admit we were a little bit surprised by the remark . ' a labour shadow minister was left gobsmacked after a primary school pupil told him he supported ukip – because he wanted to get ' all the foreigners out the country ' . mr hunt appeared taken aback by the child 's support for ukip to get all the foreigners out the country . the exchange at howitt primary school at heanor , derbyshire , was recorded by bbc east midlands and broadcast last night . today the headteacher said that the unnamed boy 's comments were ' not representative of the school ' . the school has more than 400 pupils aged three to 11 and spent the last two years in special measures until january this year . its latest ofsted report says : ' most pupils come from white british backgrounds . there are very few pupils from other heritage groups or who speak english as an additional language ' . in the town of heanor , which is 10 miles north of derby , 98.2 per cent of the population is white . nigel farage yesterday insisted ukip was not anti-immigration . in 2006 a channel 5 documentary dubbed the town the ' skinhead capital of britain ' when the bnp came second in a council by-election and a government advisor said later that it was one of a few ' unhealthily all white ' towns in the uk . the remarks come just 24 hours after ukip claimed it was not an anti-immigrant party . a ukip spokesman today claimed the boy had been brainwashed by the media . he said : ' sadly i suspect the child has been drinking in all the propaganda . this is the information that people are continually being told , but it 's not true . ' i thought it was rather sad that he thinks that is what ukip is for . but it is not a surprise because that is how we are portrayed in the media . ' the party 's manifesto chief suzanne evans cast doubt on the party 's promise to ban unskilled workers for five years before telling supporters that ukip was not anti-immigration . in remarks which risk angering supporters opposed to foreigners arriving in the uk , mrs evans said : ' ukip is not anti-immigration . immigrants are not the problem . it 's our current immigration system that is the problem . ' we will not pull up the drawbridge , we will simply start to control who walks over it . ' however the manifesto includes a pledge to limit net migration to 50,000 and introduce a total ban on unskilled migration for five years . yesterday it emerged ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten . the party reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . a party strategist said ' something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . since october , support for ukip has tumbled from 19 to just 12 per cent as voters focus on the big choice between labour and the tories at the election .