a lone iraq veteran set up camp outside a shamed fraternity , which is reeling from allegations that its members drunkenly taunted wounded soldiers , spat on servicemen urinated on the u.s. flag . perry clawson , a former army colonel , was pictured friday sitting outside the university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville , waving a stars and stripes of his own . clawson , who said the members had 'p*****d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions , pitched up outside the building , proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to iraq . shall not be moved : perry clawson , a retired army colonel , pitched up outside the zeta beta tau frat house in protest of their alleged treatment of wounded veterans . disrespected : nicholas connole , pictured , said that braying students spat on him and his service dog as he tried to enjoy a vacation with his wife . service : connole is picutred above during on of his tours of duty in the middle east . ' disgusting ' : linda cope , who founded the retreat to honor her wounded son , said she saw frat members urinating on the u.s. flag . he was one of many veterans to respond to unedifying allegations that zeta beta tau members had abused soldiers attending the warrior beach vacation retreat in panama city beach , the gainesville sun reported . the charity event provides vacations for maimed soldiers , their carers and families - but ran afoul of braying frat boys holding an event of their own earlier this month . one veteran , wounded nicholas connole , said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies . he told local tv station wjhg : ' they actually spat on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . ' haley riley , whose husband is another injured veteran , said students hurled beer bottles at attendees . linda cope , who founded the retreat after her son lost both his legs in an ied explosion , said that rowdy students even went so far as to urinated on the american flag . suspension : the zeta beta tau chapter at the university of florida has been suspended , and three of its members expelled . there is nothing to suggest anybody in the photograph above was involved . zeta beta tau 's university of florida chapter was suspended in the wake of the allegations , which university authorities are investigating . they have charged the organization with ' causing physical or other harm , obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft and property damage ' . the fraternity has expelled three members and is also holding its own investigation . the expelled frat members have not been named . it has yet to determine what exactly took place , but said in a statement that ' there is no doubt that some our members engaged in unacceptable behavior . ' while panama city beach police were called to deal with the frat members , they ultimately let the resort management handle them , and did not file any charges or write a police report . zeta beta tau 's university of florida chapter was already on probation after being found guilty of holding hazing rituals at the start of this academic year . it was already restricted to a limited events program - and will face even tougher penalties than usual if the university decides to take action . another zeta beta tau chapter , belonging to emory university in georgia , was also caught up in the allegations , but has denied that any of its students were involved .   