wasps made an honourable and defiant exit from the champions cup on sunday as they took the holders to the wire and may have clinched a seismic upset , but for a glaring official oversight . dai young’s side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe’s premier event over a punishing weekend , but this was no meek capitulation . despite the chronic inconvenience of losing nathan hughes to a contentious ban and christian wade to an untimely injury , the visitors raged gallantly against the dying of the light . ali williams crosses for a late try for toulon as they put victory over wasps on sunday beyond doubt . new zealander williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned . wasps ' ashley johnson attempts to bust through the wall-like defence of european champions toulon . toulon : d. armitage , tuisova , bastareaud , mermoz , mitchell , michalak , tillous-borde , menini , guirado , hayman , botha , williams , gordodze , s. armitage , masoe . replacements : orioli , chiocci , chilachava , fernandez lobbe , wulf , giteau , claassens , suta . tries : bastareaud , williams . conversions : michalak ( 2 ) penalties : michalak ( 6 ) . wasps : miller , w. helu , daly , masi , varndell , lozowski , simpson , mullan , shervington , cittadini , b. davies , myall , johnson , haskell , thompson . replacements : festuccia , mcintyre , cooper-woolley , gaskell , young , c. davies , goode , leiua . tries : helu ( 2 ) conversions : goode . penalties : lozowski ( 2 ) . referee : george clancy ( ireland ) . toulon are back-to-back continental champions , awash with test talent , but they were given a scare by their tenacious opponents — and even forced to adopt sly , illegal tactics to survive a second-half fightback . seven minutes from full-time amid a cacophony at stade felix mayol , wasps launched a daring raid from their own 22 which eventually culminated in a second try for will helu , but it also featured a miscarriage of justice . former all black lock ali williams pulled back elliot daly off the ball as he ran clear in support of joe simpson . it was surely one of the most obvious offences of its type ever committed in the sport , yet williams not only avoided a yellow card , but he was on hand to touch down three minutes from time for the try which distorted the final scoreline . wasps were left battered and beaten , but richly deserving of the ovations from their pockets of supporters around the ground . captain james haskell’s work-load was worthy of three men and andrea masi also gave body and soul to the cause , while simpson and daly were outstanding . toulon playmaker frederic michalak pulls the strings for the defending european champions . wasps ' no 10 alex lozowski kicks away from michalak during their european champions cup quarter-final . toulon fans celebrate after the opening try from their giant french centre mathieu bastareaud . clermont v saracens , stade geoffroy-guichard , st etienne , saturday , april 18 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . toulon v leinster , stade vélodrome , marseille , sunday , april 19 , 3.15pm ( gmt ) . there was a certain sense of inevitability about the outcome , but wasps refused to accept that they were out-gunned , even when toulon were able to summon the likes of matt giteau and juan fernandez lobbe from their stellar cast of reserves . young was delighted with how his side had performed , once they stopped being so deferential . ‘i’m really proud of the effort and the commitment , ’ he said . ‘ there was real frustration in the first half , because we gave them a bit too much respect in the first 30 minutes . we were a little bit frantic , a little bit panicky , but we will learn from that and i thought we played some really good stuff on occasions . i’m pleased that we were in it right to the end . ’ wasps defence descend on toulon 's guilhem guirado at the felix mayol stadium on sunday . toulon speedster delon armitage makes a break for the defending champions . lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground . asked about williams’ illegal tug on daly’s shirt , young added : ‘ there were three people ( in the ground ) who didn’t see it… the referee and the two touch judges . ’ toulon went ahead when mathieu bastareaud blasted over the line from close range in the eighth minute and , as their pack took control , frederic michalak was able to dispatch five first-half penalties . the top 14 leaders went into the break 22-6 up , but wasps turned the tables as daly scorched down the right to tee up helu’s first try . michalak’s sixth penalty appeared to settle the holders , but helu touched down for the second time after another crucial intervention by the outstanding daly . when williams went over to quell the uprising moments later , it secured toulon a semi-final against leinster in marseille , and left wasps to head home craving another shot at this tournament next season .