this is the moment a thief fled the scene after stealing the sat nav from a 73-year-old injured pensioner 's crashed car as she waited for an ambulance . the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester . she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband , who has dementia , when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device from underneath the passenger seat . a member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene and walked across the grass with his dog at around 12pm last thursday . a man wearing purple shorts was photographed leaving the scene after a sat nav was stolen from a 73-year-old injured pensioner 's crashed car in hulme , manchester . the man is described as being between 30 and 40 , with a beard and wearing purple surf-style shorts . police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender and are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward . pc paul brunton from greater manchester police said : ' i have spoken to the woman and in her victim impact statement she has described this thief as ' the lowest of the low ' . ' as she and her husband waited for an ambulance , injured from the collision moments before , what they needed was help and assistance but instead this thief took advantage of the opportunity , preyed upon their vulnerable state and stole their sat nav . the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester ( not pictured ) . ' it is a sickening , appalling and cruel act and while i doubt the thief is ashamed of himself , i 'm sure anyone reading or hearing this appeal will be disgusted . ' i would ask that people use that sense of indignation to help us find this man . ' a member of the public took a picture of the thief brazenly walking away from the scene with his dog . ' he was wearing distinctive shorts so hopefully someone will recognise this man as someone local to this area . ' if you do recognise him or if you even know this man , then please do the right thing and call us . ' anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or the independent charity crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .