aston villa boss tim sherwood has offered encouragement to a six-year-old fan he beat to the job . charlie pye , from leamington spa , applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked in february . the villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets . sherwood wrote charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials , despite missing out on the job . aston villa boss tim sherwood ( centre ) showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old charlie pye . he wrote : ' from your letter it is clear to see that you would indeed be an ideal candidate for the job due to your knowledge of the game - and your very capable backroom staff , of course ! ' hopefully you 're not too disappointed at missing out and i 'm informed that i just managed to pip you to the post so you were very close to being offered the job . ' our chief executive tom fox has informed me that the club would like your permission to keep the letter on file ' just in case ' - although i 'm hoping i will be successful at this great football club . the youngster applied for the role when paul lambert was sacked but was pipped to the post by sherwood . ' i will certainly be aiming to make you and all the other supporters happy . ' in terms of your football career , i want to wish norton lindsey every success this season . well done on being appointed captain . i was a captain during my own playing career - it 's a special honour . ' sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone in the barclays premier league after saturday 's 1-0 win at former club tottenham and taken them to sunday 's fa cup semi-final against liverpool . charlie had written to chief executive tom fox after lambert was sacked with villa in the relegation zone earlier this year . pye is captain of norton lindsey and got a special message from sherwood about being a captain . he wrote : ' i would appoint my mum and dad as assistant managers so they can drive me to the training ground each day . my mum is also very good at making bacon sandwiches for the players if that helps . ' charlie told the club 's official site : ' i never expected a letter from the manager but i was absolutely delighted to get one . ' what he wrote was brilliant - it meant a lot to me . even the stuff about congratulating me on being a captain was really special . ' the 6-year-old would have appointed his parents as assistant managers if he had been offered the dream job .