jos hooiveld 's late strike earned millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over south london rivals charlton on good friday - the lions ' first win at the den since october . hooiveld prodded home magaye gueye 's low drive in the 87th minute , after gueye had cancelled out alou diarra 's strike for the addicks . charlton had skipper chris solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box , but stephen henderson saved lee gregory 's resulting penalty . substitute magaye gueye ( right ) celebrates scoring the equaliser in millwall 's 2-1 defeat of charlton . charlton defender chris solly gets his marching orders after handling the ball in the penalty area . charlton keeper stephen henderson celebrates after saving the resultant penalty from lee gregory . millwall : forde , cummings , nelson , hooiveld , harding ( maierhofer ) , upson ( bailey ) , williams , abdou ( gueye ) , woolford , gregory , o'brien . subs : dunne , beevers , archer , taylor-fletcher . booked : hooiveld , williams , woolford . scorers : gueye 79 ' , hooiveld 87 ' . charlton : henderson , solly , gomez , johnson , fox , gudmundsson , diarra , cousins , eagles ( bikey ) , vetokele ( bulot ) , watt ( church ) . subs : wiggins , lennon , dmitrovic , lepoint . booked : solly . sent off : solly . scorer : diarra 67 ' . referee : mick russell . att : 14,722 . the result moved millwall up to 22nd in the sky bet championship table , just four points behind rotherham , while charlton remained 11th and without a win over the lions since 1996 . millwall boss neil harris named an unchanged line-up from the 2-2 draw at brentford last time out and his side had the best of the early exchanges . the hosts almost went ahead on four minutes , but ed upson 's brilliant ball over the top narrowly evaded the outstretched leg of gregory . solly found his name in the book after just 10 minutes after a coming-together with gregory , as the visitors struggled to get a foothold in the game . upson should have put the home side ahead on 18 minutes , but the unmarked midfielder headed just over from dan harding 's dangerous cross from the left . but the addicks almost took the lead against the run of play when chris eagles prodded narrowly wide from close range after johann berg gudmundsson 's chipped ball forward . alou diarra ( right ) gave 10-men charlton the lead against the run of play in the second half . millwall 's ed upson ( left ) and is blocked off by jordan cousins ( right ) of charlton during the first half . the game changed just short of the half-hour mark when solly was given his marching orders for deliberately handling aiden o'brien 's effort in the box , gifting millwall a penalty . gregory stepped up , but the striker 's effort was well saved by henderson low to his right to keep the scores level . charlton switched to a 4-3-2 formation , with andre bikey replacing eagles , but millwall continued to dominate and henderson produced another spectacular save to deny upson five minutes before half-time . the lions dominated the possession after the break , but the addicks arguably looked more comfortable after going down to 10 men . and guy luzon 's side almost took the lead on 52 minutes after a swift counter-attack , but gudmundsson 's left-footed shot curled just wide of the top corner . addicks manager guy luzon screams instructions to his players from the sidelines . millwall fans grew increasingly frustrated as the lions struggled to break through charlton 's dogged defence , but shaun williams had henderson at full stretch again on the hour mark after a drive from distance . but the addicks took the lead on 67 minutes , when diarra ghosted into the box to flick home morgan fox 's cross from the left - the former west ham midfielder 's first goal for the club . millwall hit back and substitute gueye levelled 11 minutes from time with a low drive from a tight angle . and hooiveld stole all three points for the hosts three minutes from the end when he turned home gueye 's shot . charlton 's simon church ( left ) walks back dejected after conceding a late winner to jos hooiveld .