liverpool 's sponsorship agreement with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years . it was announced on tuesday that the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season . standard chartered signed up as the reds ' main sponsor in july 2010 , with this being the fifth season the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts . liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank . club ambassadors and executives pose with standard chartered chairman sir john peace on tuesday . liverpool chief commercial officer billy hogan said : `` this extension further demonstrates the great strength of our long term relationship and the success of our partnership with standard chartered . `` the sponsorship of the liverpool shirt is extremely prestigious and only five brands will have adorned the shirt in the 40 years since we created the sponsorship opportunity . `` at the end of this term we will have been working in partnership with standard charted for almost a decade and we continue to collaborate on our shared values , passion and commitment to the community . '' peter sands , group chief executive of standard chartered plc , said : `` liverpool football club is a fantastic club and hugely popular across our global footprint . liverpool winger raheem sterling ( right ) takes on aston villa 's leandro bacuna in the fa cup semi-final . liverpool manager brendan rodgers ( right ) is still in search of his first trophy with the club . `` over the last five years our partnership has allowed us to deepen our engagement with our customers , clients and staff , and has provided valuable support to the charitable initiatives close to our hearts . `` we are very pleased to be able to continue this collaboration , and look forward to what we can achieve together in the future . '' the joint statement announcing the news said the financial terms of the agreement remained confidential . reports have suggested the current deal is worth around £20million a season .