stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future being decided before the end of the season as he stressed his ibrox revival had yet to achieve anything . mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins — including triumphs over hibs and hearts — ahead of tonight’s trip to face queen of the south . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season , with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push . stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future being decided before the end of the season . mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . and he is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the ibrox board until after the play-offs . ‘there’s been no conversation , ’ said mccall . ‘ at the moment there’s a feelgood factor about the club . ‘ the only thing that has happened , apart from results improving , is that self-belief , confidence and morale have come back into the dressing room — along with the support — so we all seem to be onside . mccall is adamant that despite the revival , his rangers side are yet to achieve anything in the championship . ‘ but that’s all it is . nothing , i’d imagine , will happen with me until the end of the season . i’m totally , 100 per cent fine with that and all our focus is on winning . ‘we’ve done nothing . we’ve won three games . football can change so quickly . we have got a really difficult game at queen of the south , so we’re not taking anything for granted . ‘contract-wise for me , i know my gig . i’m here until the end of the season and beyond that , i honestly don’t know . ’ shane ferguson is finally set to arrive at murray park next week as part of the loan deal from newcastle . meanwhile , shane ferguson is finally set to arrive at murray park next week , two months after being part of the controversial five-man loan deal struck with newcastle united . mccall is a fan of the northern ireland international but is cautious about his chances of featuring after a long-term knee injury . ‘ i think he has done almost two weeks of training , ’ said mccall . ‘ unless he is one of these lads who is really fit and can come straight back into it , he will need at least three or four under-20s games . ’ 