there will be more muslims than christians in the world in less than sixty years , new research revealed . the religion 's share of the world’s population will equal the christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070 , analysis by the pew research center showed . the number of muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world 's population , which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades . scroll down for video . there will be more muslims than christians in the world in less than sixty years , the pew research center has claimed . above , kashmiri muslims pray outside a mosque in srinagar . by 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be muslim than christian , with the largest proportion of followers in india . several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050 . the number of countries with a christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151 , the report claimed . less than 50 per cent of the population will be christian in the united kingdom , australia , benin , bosnia-herzegovina , france , the netherlands , new zealand and the republic of macedonia . by 2050 muslims will make up around ten per cent of europe 's population . it is thought the religion will thrive due to its young population and high fertility rates , with an average of 3.1 children per woman . by 2100 there will be around one per cent more muslims than christians ( graph left ) , with the largest proportion of the religion 's followers in india . the map ( above ) also shows population growth rate for each country . above , a congregation of christians in a london church . the data also revealed that the number of atheists , agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline from 16 per cent of the world 's population to 13 per cent in the next four decades . the rate is well above the 2.1 replacement level - the minimum typically needed to maintain a stable population - and the fertility rate of christians , which is around 2.7 children per woman . the pew research center 's report said : ' religions with many adherents in developing countries – where birth rates are high and infant mortality rates generally have been falling – are likely to grow quickly . ' much of the worldwide growth of islam and christianity , for example , is expected to take place in sub-saharan africa . ' the data also revealed that the number of atheists , agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline from 16 per cent of the world 's population to 13 per cent in the next four decades . buddhism will also decline , with its followers decreasing by 0.3 per cent .