a decorated marine has been considered ' unfit ' to re-enlist after getting a rifle tattoo on his forearm to commemorate his previous deployment . sgt . daniel knapp from jacksonville , north carolina , received combat medals after serving in afghanistan , but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink . while the army has recently updated its policy , the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of . despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines , sgt . daniel knapp has been denied re-enlistment after getting a tattoo on his forearm – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen , right – to commemorate his previous deployment . despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines , it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen – that has cost him his chance at reenlisting . ' when i was in afghanistan , ' knapp told marine corps times , ' my tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone , and they never made me more of a target . they never stopped me from keeping marines safe . on patrol nothing ever happened because of my tattoos . ' knapp is considered a tier 1 marine , scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness , marksmanship , and job performance . despite serving two deployments , earning promotions , a valor award and a waiver endorsed by his command , knapp has been denied re-enlistment by marine corps headquarters . so while members of his unit - camp lejeune 's 2nd battalion , 8th marines – are being deployed to europe as part of a crisis-response force , he is being left behind . knapp 's predicament highlights a generational disconnect on attitudes towards ink and what marines say is the need for lax regulations that reflect changing societal perceptions of tattoos , writes the marine corps times . despite serving two deployments , earning promotions , a valor award and a waiver endorsed by his command , knapp has been denied re-enlistment by marine corps headquarters . otherwise-good marines , such as knapp , are being lost because of a widespread lack of understanding among the rank-and-file of the organization 's lengthy tattoo regulations . senior officials maintain that tattoos detract from the military bearing and threaten the ability of troops to find work in the civilian sector after their time in the military ends . while the marine corps has maintained strict rules , army officials have become more accepting . u.s. army chief of staff ray odierno stated earlier this month that while offensive tattoos are still forbidden , other restrictions as to the size , shape and location of the ink have been removed . ' society is changing its view of tattoos , ' odierno said , ' and we have to change along with that . it makes sense . ' my tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone ' : knapp is now considering joining the army which has less stringent rules about body ink . ' soldiers have grown up in an era when tattoos are much more acceptable and we have to change along with that . ' commandant general joseph dunford , the sergeant major of the marine corps , announced a review if policy earlier this year . on april 16 , a spokesman stated that the review was complete , but the outcome has not yet been announced . 