dunkin donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week , prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain 's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options , some of which contain more than half of an adult 's recommended daily intake of salt . the new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts , one 380-calorie loaded bagel , one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a ' low fat ' 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap . ' this new menu is laden with calories and fat . many of these calories are considered `` empty calories '' meaning that they have little or no nutritional value , ' cardiologist dr kevin campbell told daily mail online . warnings : dunkin donuts ' new spring menu features the 640-calorie pretzel roll chicken sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt . sweet tooth ? the new menu also features two new flavors of the chain 's cheesecake square donuts , which each contain upwards of 340 calories . obesity and obesity-related illness has become epidemic ; in the us alone obesity and obesity-related illness accounts for a $ 150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually . ' as adults we must set good examples for our children because they pattern our behavior we must avoid eating food such as these presented on the new menu at dunkin ' donuts . ' indeed , the food chain 's new pretzel roll chicken sandwich - which is described on the dunkin donuts website as containing ' delicious breaded chicken , cheddar cheese , bacon and honey mustard ' which are all ' served on an oven-toasted pretzel bun ' - contains a whopping 640 calories , almost a third of your recommended daily intake . additionally , the sandwich contains 1,560mg of sale , which is equal to 68 per cent of the daily recommended intake of 2,300mg . the roll also contains 25g of fat - 38 per cent of your daily intake . and when paired with one of dunkin donuts ' new ice cream-inspired coffee flavors - rocky road swirl , butter pecan swirl , or cookie dough swirl - customers are adding a minimum of 200 odd calories to their meal , if they opt for whole milk and sugar in their coffee . another option listed on the new menu is the southwest supreme bagel , which is stuffed with cheese , corn , black beans , peppers , tomatoes , onions and spices and contains 380 calories and 890mg of salt - which is 37 per cent of the recommended intake . something savory : the southwest supreme bagel contains 380 calories and 890mg of salt . healthy ? the 210-calorie snack n’ go steak wrap is intended to be a low-calorie alternative to the other menu options , however it still contains 25 per cent of your daily saturated fat intake . healthier than the pretzel roll , yes , but still not the most nutritious treat around . indeed , the only ' healthy ' option offered on the new menu is a small snack n’ go steak wrap , a 210-calorie snack that contains ' our delicious angus steak , a slice of cheddar cheese and honey mustard sauce , wrapped in a warm tortilla ' . but while this tasty treat is being marketed as a healthier , low-calorie option , it still contains five grams of saturated fats , which is the equivalent of 25 per cent of your recommended daily intake . last , but not least , the menu also contains two new varieties of dunkin donuts ' signature cheesecake square donut , which is essentially a sugary pastry stuffed with cheesecake filling , this time in oreo and raspberry flavors . and while the nutritional information for these individual sweet treats has not yet been made available on the dunkin website , the standard cheesecake square donut contains 340 calories and eight grams of saturated fats - 40 per cent of your daily allowance . unsurprisingly , the chain 's unhealthy menu options have prompted some health-conscious twitter users to voice their concerns over the calorie-laden choices . ' if dunkin donuts replaced their white flour with organic whole wheat and sugar with stevia , they would probably still be unhealthy , ' one man wrote , while one woman added : ' these dunkin donuts options have to be the most unhealthy things ever . '