the indiana pacers ' chris copeland and his wife were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular new york club on wednesday , according to reports . copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them , the new york post reported . when copeland , who used to play for the new york knicks , told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . he then turned on saltare , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the post . scroll down for video . injured : chris copeland , a player for the indiana pacers , and his wife , katrine saltare , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a new york city club early on wednesday . cuffed : pero antic , who plays for the atlanta hawks , was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th precinct of the nypd on wednesday . arrest : another hawks player , thabo sefolosha , was also arrested and can be seen leaving the station . a video shared with tmz shows the victims on the sidewalk as they are attended to by emergency responders . ' we were both stabbed , ' saltare can be heard saying . ' we were attacked out of nowhere by a f***ing black civilian . we have nothing to say . we are scared for our lives ! ' another woman , catherine somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , wabc reported . she knew the attacker . murdock , from brooklyn , was arrested at the scene along with two fellow nba players , pero antić and thabo sefolosha of the atlanta hawks . the players allegedly obstructed the crime scene as police arrived by refusing to get out of the way , according to sources . authorities recovered a knife from the scene , sources told the new york daily news . copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at bellevue hospital , while somani was rushed to lenox hill hospital . their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . injured : video by a passerby shows copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . scene : the couple was stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1oak in chelsea . bloody scene : after copeland reportedly told the man to back off , he pulled out a knife and stabbed them . blood-splattered : a nearby car , which belongs to copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the attack . probe : nypd officers search for evidence outside the 1oak nightclub in chelsea in new york city . cbs reported that copeland underwent surgery on wednesday morning . ' we are aware that chris copeland was injured early this morning in new york city , ' indiana pacers president larry bird said in a statement to dailymail.com on wednesday . ' we are still gathering information and will update when we know more . our thoughts are with chris and those injured . ' the team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . the fight broke out down the street from 1oak , a popular chelsea club where celebrities including leonardo dicaprio , justin bieber , miley cyrus and lindsay lohan have been spotted partying . the couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . the hawks and pacers are both in new york for basketball games . together : the couple , pictured , was rushed to bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition . loved up : the couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in september 2013 . copeland , who is from new jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the new york knicks , at madison square garden on wednesday . he previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . both pacers and knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on wednesday . ' hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ' once a knick always a knick . ' the hawks will take on the brooklyn nets at barclays center , but it is not yet clear if the two arrested players will be available to play . ' we are aware of the situation involving pero antic and thabo sefolosha this morning , ' hawks spokesperson garin narain told dailymail.com on wednesday . ' we are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time . ' on the court : copeland previously played for the new york knicks ( pictured in 2013 ) . he was in new york to take on the team on wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on wednesday morning for his wounds . arrested : atlanta hawks ' players thabo sefolosha , left , and pero antić , right , were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived . all three players were in the city for games on wednesday .