the eye is one of the most complex yet delicate part of the human body . now engineers claim to have designed a range of synthetic eyes that may one day let us replace and even enhance our own sense of vision . italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project is has been working on to 3d print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease . it could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision , people would be able to replace their entire eye . the mhox eye concept ( above ) is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye . the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . while currently still just a concept , the project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come . the team behind mhox say their synthetic eyes , which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision , could be available by 2027 . scientists claim to have made a ' giant leap ' towards creating 3d organs that could be simply printed out in hospitals when needed for a transplant . an international team have created the first organs that include a full vascular network for transporting blood through organs . they say it could even allows organs damaged by cancer to simply replaced . scientists from the universities of sydney , harvard , stanford and mit have now bio-printed artificial vascular networks mimicking the body 's circulatory system that are necessary for growing large complex tissues . using a high-tech 'bio-printer ' , the researchers fabricated a multitude of interconnected tiny fibres to serve as the mold for the artificial blood vessels . they then covered the 3d printed structure with a cell-rich protein-based material , which was solidified by applying light to it . lastly they removed the bio-printed fibres to leave behind a network of tiny channels coated with human endothelial cells , which self organised to form stable blood capillaries in less than a week . filippo nassetti and alessandro zomparelli , the two italian designers leading the project , said : ' latest developments in bioprinting and biohacking let us imagine that in the near future it would be possible to easily print organic , functional body parts , allowing the human to replace defected districts or enhance standard performance . ' this project is based on the idea of augmenting the sight sense , increasing the functionalities of the eye with ones currently handled by other body segments or external devices . ' under mhox designs , patients with eye disease will inthe future be able to replace their eye with a synthetic one printed in a laboratory . for those looking to improve their vision , they could buy the ' enhance ' model that features a ' hyper retina ' to give 15/10 vision - significantly better than normal 20/20 vision . they say it could also include a gland that can filter the visual signal to the brain by producing vintage or black and white effects much like a modern camera . they say these could be turned on or off by swallowing a pill that alters the state of this gland . the eye advance model adds a wifi connection that allows what the eye is seeing to be recorded and shared with others . it could also connect to external devices to act like a camera . they say a socket that connects the eye to the brain - which would require a surgical operation - would allow eyes to be interchangable . the synthetic eyes would come in three different models ( above ) according to the designs outlined by mhox . mhox propose combining new technology like wifi with bioprinting to produce an enhanced bionic eye . the concept sounds a little like something out of the science fiction hit blade runner where bioengineers built new eyes for robotic replicants . writing on their website , mr nassetti and mr zomparelli said : ' the installation of the eye augmentations needs a first surgical operation aimed at installing the deck , the technology that actually connects the eye to the brain . ' after that , augmented eyes can be easily interchanged by their own users without the need of additional surgery . ' besides allowing to use different augmentations in different contexts , this system is suitable for easy hardware upgrade . ' the designers say 3d bioprinters could be used to create the tissues to create the complex eye stucture . 