we’re used to reading about construction projects springing up in china at lightning speed – but things don’t always go according to plan . sometimes stubborn house owners get in the way , as these incredible images show . these are the ‘nail’ houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition . homes such as these in china are known as ' dingzihu ' or ' nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail . scroll down for video . last house standing : a car stops beside a house in the middle of a newly built road in wenling , zhejiang provinc . a nail house , the last building in the area , sits in the middle of a road under construction in nanning , guangxi zhuang autonomous region . according to local media , the owner of the house did n't reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation of the demolition . a nail housestands in the centre of a construction site which will be developed as a new apartment zone in chongqing municipality . a nail house is seen surrounded by a ditch at a construction site for a new residential compound in xiangyang , hubei province . a woman walks past a nail house , the last house in this area , on the outskirts of nanjing , jiangsu province . cut off : a six-floor villa on the construction site in the central business district of shenzhen . here comes rubble : a partially demolished nail house at a construction site in hefei , anhui province . one of a kind : a nail house is pictured at a construction site which will be developed into a new apartment zone in hefei , anhui province . the banner reads ' ( we ) strongly request the government punishes the criminals . they demolish my house by force . they must return my land ' . one house in wenling , zhejiang province , had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move . an amazing photograph from 2012 shows cars driving around the five-storey property . it remained in the middle of the road for four years . another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in chongqing municipality , its overgrown garden still intact . cao wenxia ( left ) , the owner of a nail house , lights firecrackers to celebrate chinese new year near an excavator used for demolishing buildings near his house in hefei , anhui province . zheng meiju walks towards her partially demolished nail house ( back ) in rui'an , zhejiang province . the demolition of a nail house at a construction site in guangzhou , guangdong province . owner zhao xing , 58 , collects water near his partially demolished nail house at a construction site in kunming , yunnan province . a similarly bizarre sight resulted when a home owner in in nanning , guangxi zhuang autonomous region , refused to give in to developers . there’s now a single-storey ramshackle house there sitting at a skewed angle in the middle of a road in an otherwise modern and symmetrical housing development . according to local media , the owner of the house did n't reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation for the demolition . defiant to the last , nail house owners will often carry on living in their homes even when water and electricity supplies have been cut off . a woman stands at the balcony of her house which will be demolished to build new apartments in downtown shanghai . xu aiguo , the owner of a nail house in nanjing , jiangsu province , sets up a chinese national flag outside his balcony . a nail house stands on the square in front of a shopping mall in changsha , central china 's hunan province . cao mingyun , daughter of 75-year-old cao wenxia , the owner of a nail house , talks to journalist in front of their house in hefei , anhui province .