the polls predict the lib dems face a bloodbath on election day , with dozens of their mps fighting for their survival . but the metaphor became all too real for stephen gilbert when he was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in cornwall . he joked that the dog had ' unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand . lib dem stephen gilbert posted this image online of his bloodied hand after being bitten by a dog on the campaign . mr gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in st austell and newquay , and lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 mps on may 7 . his run-in with the dog happened while canvassing this morning . the animal took a lump out of his right hand as he posted a leaflet through a letterbox . he posted a photo of his injury on twitter . it showed him wiping away the blood with his handkerchief and the message : ' am guessing this dog had unresolved anger issues . ' but undeterred by the injury , and perhaps recognising that the tories pose a bigger threat to his survival , he planned to return to the streets this afternoon . a liberal democrat spokesman said he was delivering a leaflets through doors at the time . he said : ' he was out in the constituency delivering a leaflet through a letter box when the dog bit him . it is a hazard of the job and all politicians are vulnerable to it . ' stephen has been treated at the minor injuries unit at the local hospital this morning and has been bandaged up with a few painkillers . he will be back on the campaign trail this afternoon . ' mr gilbert joked that the dog had ' unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand . a quarter of mps have admitted to being chased or bitten by a dog while out campaigning for re-election , a study showed earlier this month . cornwall is a major battleground for the lib dems , with three seats coming under heavy fire from the tories . nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in hampshire where the lib dems held eastleigh after chris huhne was jailed . but behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ' in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . mr clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ' tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats . instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance . a party source said if the party had a group of mps numbering ' in the 30s ' it could potentially hold the balance of power after may 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition government . the senior lib dem , closely involved in the party 's election strategy , said the campaign 's focus was increasingly on between 10 and 15 marginal seats - some held by the party and a few targets - with other constituencies either assessed as safe or effectively written off . mr clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ' tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats . assessing the election outcome , the source said : ' everything is so marginal , we need to get into the 30s and the other parties need to sort themselves out and we will see what the answer is . ' there are now basically two possible outcomes to this election - we can either get a minority government or a coalition with the lib dems in it . ' asked if a seat count in the 30s was realistic , the source said : ' oh yes . ' pressed on whether that was a ' best case ' scenario , the senior lib dem said : ' i would like to say 150 , but i think in fairness you would n't believe me . ' there are lots of marginal seats . there 's a marginal outcome in 40 seats for us and if we won every one of those marginal contests we would get to 40-odd . ' opinion polls by yougov since 2010 show the dramatic collapse in the lib dem support , to barely 8 per cent . the lib dems won 57 seats in the 2010 election but have been hit by a slump in popularity after forming the coalition government with the conservatives . mr clegg travelled to eastleigh , the scene of a 2013 by-election triumph , to spell out the intensity with which the party would fight in its target seats . the lib dems have built up a reputation as formidable campaigners in by-election contests , including in the hampshire seat which they held following the resignation of disgraced former cabinet minister chris huhne , despite a ukip surge . mr clegg and the party 's election strategists have insisted the poor national opinion poll ratings , which have seen the party stuck around the 8 per cent mark , are not reflected in the data gathered by canvassers and internal polling .