magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week , adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . photographs taken today in micheldever woods , hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season . but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend , with forecasters warning britons ' not to put the cagoules away just yet ' . parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground . scroll down for video . stunning : magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week , adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . joys of spring : two dogs bound through the bluebells at micheldever woods , hampshire , where temperatures will reach 14c tomorrow . beautiful : photographs taken today in micheldever woods , hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . peaceful : a young owl takes shelter in the bluebells as it waits for its mother to return ( left ) and the bright purple blooms blanket the ground . balmy weather : tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places , although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas . change to come : bluebells in hampshire today . but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend . tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places , although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas of the uk . there will be plenty of sunshine in england , wales , southern scotland and northern ireland , a met office forecaster told mailonline . temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens , and could climb to 21c in brighter spots of the north west of england . the exception is northern scotland , where it thicker cloud will bring lower temperatures of roughly 14c and some patchy rain . bikini ready : stephanie hughes , 24 , enjoys the sun at the porth beach in newquay , cornwall , where temperatures reached 15c today . scottish sunshine : sixteen-month-old maltilda lapkiewicz , left , and her sister lili , 4 , enjoy the sun on portobello beach , east edinburgh . splashing around : summer the dog looks happy to play fetch off portobello beach , east edinburgh , as joanne sykes , 29 enjoys a swim the sun . sweet treat : sinead o'carroll and zarah monfatedi enjoy ice cream cones as they make the most of the warm weather on portobello beach . sun seekers : barbara haya and gemma galban kick off their shoes to dip their feet in the sand on portobello beach , east edinburgh . but the weather will start to go downhill on friday , marking the start of what could be weeks of unsettled weather , according to the met office . central and eastern areas of the uk will hold on to some sunshine until later in the day , but there will be two bands of rain bringing wet weather to other areas . the forecaster said : ' there will be a band of rain coming into the south west and another coming into the north of scotland . the fine weather will be squeezed out from two directions . frolicking in flowers : nine-year-old cally victoria smiles with delight as she skips through a field of rapeseed near newton abbot , devon . snoozing in the sunshine : a sunbather takes a nap on brighton pier , left , as a woman relaxes on a deckchair on brighton beach . barbecue weather : a group of friends meet for lunch in the park at brandon hill , bristol , where temperatures will reach 15c tomorrow . ' showery rain is working its way south or north east , depending on where you are . temperatures will be in the high teens , but lack of sunshine means it will feel cooler . ' forecaster marco petagna said there could be a chance of hail or thunderstorms in the south over the weekend . by saturday , the high pressure that has brought the recent good weather will have gone . most of the country will see showers at some point over the weekend , but ' it will not be a complete washout ' . most parts of the uk will feel noticeably cooler by sunday , and there could even be some snow on higher grounds in scotland by monday , where daytime temperatures could fall to 10c . in london , temperatures are expected to be around 15c , but will feel cooler in the breeze . in full bloom : a young woman walks below blossom on trees in brandon park , bristol , where temperatures reached a high of 17.6c today . sunbathing : making the most of the warm spring weather , a man and a woman lie down on the grass on brandon hill , in bristol , today . picnic : a couple take a break from their country walk to enjoy lunch in a field at downshay , dorset , where temperatures peaked at 19.2c . splashes of colour : surrounded by broom , three walkers pause to admire the scenery as they walk the purbeck way in dorset . quaint : a group of ramblers make their way into the picturesque village of corfe castle , dorset , which saw temperatures of 19.2c today . dazzling : blue skies were seen over the coast in portsmouth , hampshire , today , where people gathered to make the most of the sunshine . while this is chillier than the balmy weather we have had recently , the temperatures are not too far off the averages for this time of year . met office forecaster alex burkill said monday will see more widespread unsettled conditions across the uk , a trend which could hold into the beginning of may . he said : ' looking ahead , it will be windier than of late , particularly in the north . temperatures are going to be feeling rather cold in the rain and the stronger winds . ' the theme is going to continue into may , but by the middle of may there will be some settled weather . he added : ' that is not to say we wo n't have some nice days or nice periods of sunshine at times , but we will not have prolonged periods of dry and bright weather . ' relaxing : two young women share a joke as they join other sun-seekers enjoying the weather on the beach at portsmouth , hampshire . picture perfect : a young girl snaps a photograph of corfe castle , dorset , left , as a train steams past the county 's vibrant rapeseed flower fields . sweeping views : a family look out over the purbeck hills , dorset , today . temperatures will drop across the country this weekend . time to think : resting his bike on the bench behind him , one man enjoys views across bristol from the city 's brandon hill this afternoon . blossom : trees in bristol are in full bloom . unsettled weather is expected to continue through the end of the month and into may . glorious : keeping cool in a t-shirt and jeans , a man walks past trees in the park at brandon hill , bristol this afternoon .