a racegoer has been questioned by police after he was seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor , who then needed to be taken to hospital . the man , who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races in aintree , barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in the middle of the road . the 34-year-old man , dressed in a suit , then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor . scroll down for video . an aintree racegoer is seen staggering towards an elderly man , before he barges into him and knocks him onto the floor into a road , leaving the man injured and lying on the floor as he walks off . he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . merseyside police said the 34-year-old from formby in sefton came forward to police late last night and he was interviewed under caution about the alleged assault . he was released this morning pending further inquiries . the man was named on social media as a manager called terry . philip dears , who took the video , posted on facebook today : ' i have a 2 minute long video of my mate terry drunk walking home from the races on thursday , during which he staggers and accidentally bumps into an old man . the man falls and i 'm filming the whole situation trying not to laugh . ' when i realise the seriousness of the situation the phone goes off , the laughing stops and i check on the old man , he is hurt on the floor but is being seen to by stewards awaiting medical attention . i turned my attention to terry and wanted to make sure he gets home safety . ' in the post mr dears said he and his wife phoned the hospital to check on the elderly man 's condition . he also claims the video , which appears on youtube , has been edited to make it appear the old man was deliberately targeted when this was not the case . the man stumbles backwards and falls , as the video is filmed by a sniggering friend of the alleged perpetrator . he added : ' when you see the video you will see this is a total accidental collision , it 's important people get this truth because a lot of people are very upset and i can see why because it looks like a malicious , cowardly attack but this is far from the reality of the situation . ' the footage was brought to the attention of officers by members of the public who had shared it online . police established the mobile phone footage , shot by a friend of the 34-year-old , was taken outside the racecourse on thursday evening at about 7pm . he shouts to him ' text bomb ' and ' is there any need ? ' moments before the incident happens as he sniggers uncontrollably from behind his phone . in the video , onlookers can be heard gasping in shock and seen rushing to the man 's aid before calling for an ambulance . officers said the man who was knocked to the floor is from skelmersdale in west lancashire . people have expressed their shock at the video . the 63-year-old man is seen standing on the pavement before the other man barges into him and knocks him . he becomes unsteady on his feet from the impact and begins to stumble , before he tumbles backwards . gasps can be heard on the mobile phone footage as members of the public rush to help the injured man . paul hardman wrote : ' that video of the old man at aintree makes me sick to the stomach . some absolute scum in this world . ' others labelled his behaviour ' disgusting ' and ' vile . ' hayley wills added : ' hope that horrible man that knocked over the old chap at aintree gets what he deserves , as well as the sick person that filmed it . ' merseyside police earlier thanked visitors for making the annual race ' such a safe and enjoyable occasion ' and said no arrests were made inside the ground over the three days . an online crowdfunding page has been set up to help the injured man.concerned wellwishers have already raised £345 to help the pensioner with his recovery after joanne dickson saw gary 's response and launched the fundraising campaign . page owner joanne said : ' most of us tonight have watched the horrible video of the gentleman being knocked to the ground . ' i 'm hoping we can raise enough to maybe help him replace his teeth and his phone . ' i do n't know the gentleman , i would just like him to know that most decent people are disgusted that , even if the knock was an accident , that no remorse was shown . '  