demi moore may be about to boost her fortune , but not because of any new film contract . the actress is selling the manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis with an asking price of $ 75million which is exactly half of her total estimated fortune of $ 150million . and if the penthouse sells for that much , it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side . moore and willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic san remo apartment building in 1990 from saturday night fever producer robert stigwood , in addition to a two-bedroom maisonette on the lobby floor . scroll down for video . moving out : demi moore is selling the manhattan penthouse apartment she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis for a $ 75million asking price . ' we looked at everything on the park , fifth avenue , central park south and central park west , and there was just nothing like it , ' moore told the new york times of her house search . ' the location , architecture and history of the san remo were on a completely different level . ' the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river . the couple decorated the mansion in the skies in a southwestern mission motif , complete with cherry wood detailing and a ceramic tile fireplace . new windows have been installed in every room , the bathrooms remolded and state-of-the-art equipment like a sub-zero refrigerator and viking range installed in the kitchen . split : the couple , pictured left in 1997 , purchased the upper west side home in 1990 . they split up in 2000 , and moore says she does n't spend much time there anymore . pictured on the right leaving the residence in 2005 . views of central park : if it sells for $ 75million , the home will break the record for most expensive co-op sold on the upper west side in history . the two towers of the san remo building seen behind the central park lake . the 24 by 17 foot dining room features a crystal chandelier . in the living room , the focal point are the windows which look out onto the boat pond in central park . the san remo was designed in 1929 by american architect emery roth , and it was turned into a co-op in 1972 . over the years , moore has counted dustin hoffman , diane keaton , steven spielberg as neighbors - not to mention u2 frontman bono who occupies the north tower penthouse . moore says she is selling the apartment and maisonette since she does n't spend much time at the residence anymore . adam d modlin , president of the modlin group , is in charge of the listing and says there is no other apartment in the neighborhood to rival moore 's . ' compared with the other iconic private perches on the perimeter of central park , there just isn’t anything quite like this penthouse , ' he said . ' it is the grandest residence in the south tower , the one that sits above all the others , a mansion in the clouds , and it is the largest intact park-facing residence at the san remo with private outdoor space . ' moore and willis were married from 1987 until 2000 and share three daughters . the combined monthly maintenance fees for both residences is more than $ 20,000 .