it 's crunch time this weekend at the top of the premier league as second-placed arsenal host table toppers chelsea - and it appears one star of the former 's team can not wait for the ever-nearing kick-off . arsenal playmaker mesut ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on sunday with his brand new apple watch . the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from £299 to £13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . arsenal midfielder mesut ozil ( right ) took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday . ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider . ozil took to instagram to share his joy at his latest gift , comparing his gadget to former tv character michael knight from the hit action show knight rider . accompanied with the caption : ' excited about my new cool gadget ! it 's just like michael knight 's watch , but a real one # knightrider # phone , ' ozil appears in awe of the device - which will be released on general sale on friday . the midfielder , who has scored four goals in 25 matches for the gunners in all competitions this season , is expected to start for arsene wenger 's side at the emirates stadium on sunday . arsenal trail the blues by 10 points with six league games remaining - but have been boosted by the return of jack wilshere . wilshere was on the bench in their fa cup semi-final win over reading at wembley on april 18 after five months out through injury . and club legend ray parlour believes that the 23-year-old’s fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential in the arsenal midfield . ‘ i think he’s the future of the club , ’ said parlour . ‘ i think if he stays fit , he’s a quality player , there’s no doubt about that . jack wilshere ( centre ) was on the bench for arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading . ray parlour , who won three championships with arsenal , has backed wilshere to be the future of the club . ‘ the way he goes past players , the way he links up with people , i definitely think he’s got a big role to play . ‘ but again , the big question mark is can he stay fit ? look at abou diaby . diaby’s a terrific player . but look at him , the injuries the last few years . ‘ the big burning question is can wilshere have a full season without being injured for a long period , like he hasn’t had for the last three or four seasons . ’ wilshere , the england international , is pictured in training for arsenal at london colney last week .