it was the maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world . for those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional cheryl 's birthday , then the answer was july 16 . those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates given as part of the question . the question , ' so when is cheryl’s birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . at first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out . the question , ' so when is cheryl’s birthday ? ' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . it asked : albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates : may 15 , may 16 , may 19 , june 17 , june 18 , july 14 , july 16 , august 14 , august 15 and august 17 . cheryl then tells albert and bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively . the puzzle asked : albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates . may 15 , may 16 , may 19 . june 17 , june 18 . july 14 , july 16 . august 14 , august 15 , august 17 . cheryl then tells albert and bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively . albert : i don’t know when cheryl’s birthday is , but i know that bernard does not know too . bernard : at first i don’t know when cheryl’s birthday is , but i know now . albert : then i also know when cheryl’s birthday is . so when is cheryl’s birthday ? albert said : ' i don’t know when cheryl’s birthday is , but i know that bernard does not know too . bernard said : ' at first i don’t know when cheryl’s birthday is , but i know now . ' albert said : ' then i also know when cheryl’s birthday is . ' to reach the answer , it is possible to work through the information both men known to rule out nine of the dates in a number of steps . first , we know cheryl has already told albert the month of her birthday , and bernard the day . each of the men does not know what the other has been told . so , for albert to be ' certain ' that bernard can not know the answer - as suggested in the first statement he makes - we can deduct that the birthday can not possibly be in may or june . this is because in the months of may and june there are numbers ( dates ) that only occur once across the four months - namely may 19 and june 18 . if albert had been given may or june as the month , there is no way he could be sure bernard did not already know the birthday as bernard might have been the number 18 or 19 . for albert to be ' certain ' that bernard does n't know , albert must have been given a month that does not contain one of these ' unique ' dates - i.e . july or august . the problem was posted on facebook by ‘ hello singapore’ television presenter kenneth kong , and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem . it was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiads ( sasmo ) , which were held on april 8 ( stock image of exam room shown ) . albert 's disclosure now gives bernard the clue he needs to work out the birthday for himself . bernard only knows the number of cheryl’s birthday , but from albert’s statement he has now also ruled out both may and june . this is because he realises albert has ruled out may and june because of the ' single number ' aspect above . as bernard says he knows the date , we can whittle it down further to three dates by ruling out the numbers that appear in duplicate . if cheryl had told bernard that her birthday fell on the 14th of the month , then he could not have worked out the date at this stage . however , as he states that he now knows the date , we can rule out july 14 or august 14 . this leaves just three dates to chose from - july 16 , aug 15 and aug 17 . following bernard 's statement , albert is then apparently also able to deduce the date of cheryl 's birthday . this means her birthday must be the only remaining date in the month he was originally told . given that there are two dates left in august and one in july , it has to be the july date . so the answer is july 16 . organisers of sasmo said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants . this year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including singapore , china and the uk took the test . the problem was posted on facebook by ‘ hello singapore’ television presenter kenneth kong , and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem . it was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiads ( sasmo ) , which were held on april 8 . this year around 28,000 students from countries across the world including singapore , thailand , vietnam , china and the uk took the test . henry ong , executive director of sasmo , told mothership.sg : ' being q24 out of 25 questions , this is a difficult question meant to sift out the better students . sasmo contests target the top 40 % of the student population and the standards of most questions are just high enough to stretch the students . ' of course , perhaps the more important question is whether cheryl deserves a birthday gift at all after putting us through all of this .