sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé nick loeb . the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split . according to a thursday report by page six , loeb claimed that vergara demanded her friend and employee serve as the surrogate over his ' objections as well as the recommendations of the parties’ doctor ' . scroll down for video . new development : sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancée nick loeb despite his reported objections . the new york post column also reported that the american businessman said the actress paid her friend $ 200,000 in gifts and mortgage payments and that a embryo was implanted in the woman on two separate occasions in 2013 with neither surviving . a source for the publication added : 'sofía insisted on it . she said the assistant was the only person she could trust . ' the insider added that loeb would like to keep the embryos in tact to have his own children : ' he told sofía he would raise the children himself , they would be very well taken care of . he wouldn’t sue her for child support . she would have no parental responsibility . she refuses to allow him to take charge of the embryos . ' on wednesday it was reported loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent the modern family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf , according to intouch . legal fight : a magazine claims nick loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee sofia in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf , pictured here in 2011 . vergara’s representatives declined to comment on the allegations when contacted by dailymail.com on wednesday . court documents , filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe , detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 . loeb , 39 , is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed , but vergara has refused to ' agree to their preservation under all circumstances , ' according to the legal papers . the lawsuit was first filed in august 2014 before it was refiled again on april 1 with updated information and after loeb sought new legal representation . another claim in the documents is that , previously , the pair twice had eggs implanted in a surrogate , but the procedure failed . elsewhere in the lawsuit , it is claimed 42-year-old actress vergara - who got engaged to true blood hunk joe manganiello on christmas day after six months of dating - was ' physically and mentally abusive ' to loeb . wrangle : the lawsuit has been filed under the pseudonyms john and jane doe . no directive : ultimately , the outcome will be at the discretion of a judge , but it would be unlikely that loeb would be able to use the embryos without sofia 's consent , according to a legal expert who spoke to intouch . the documents state : ' she punched him in the face on two occasions , kicked him , and threw her phone at his head . she also routinely bullied him , calling him a `` loser , '' `` worthless '' and other degrading names . ' in april 2013 , vergara - who has a 23-year-old son manolo from her first marriage - spoke publicly about having frozen her eggs and her desire to have more children . she revealed that she and loeb - who she dated on-off for almost four years - planned to use a surrogate on the account that she had thyroid cancer in 2000 and , as a result , had a lot of radiation . complicated matter : in this page of the document it states sofia and nick were planning on using a gestational surrogate in 2012 to start a family and that sofia had insisted on using a 44-year-old friend and emloyee . arduous process : after the first two embryos failed to implant in the first surrogate the couple looked for another suitable candidate . getting ugly : page five of the document further details sofia and nick 's disagreements over the usage and disposal of the embryos and also alleges sofia was physically , emotionally and mentally abusive to him . intouch has previously claimed that now vergara and 38-year-old manganiello have found a surrogate and plan to have children of their own . the actress recently told vanity fair magazine that while having another child would be ' weird ' , it something she might do if it made joe happy . she told the magazine : ' my son , manolo , is 23 years old , which is going to be really weird if i have another baby . but , you know , joe wants babies and if it 's going to make him super-happy , then ... ' the complicated legal wrangle with loeb still stands , though . moving on : the modern family actress is now engaged to joe manganiello and there are rumours the couple are planning to have children of their own via a surrogate . other documentation obtained by intouch which forms part of the lawsuit shows that jane doe ( vergara ) asked that the embryos be destroyed in the event of her death , while loeb refused to agree to this condition . no agreement was made between the couple about what would happen to any frozen eggs in the event they ended their relationship . ultimately , the outcome will be at the discretion of a judge . however legal experts told intouch that it would be unlikely that loeb will be able to use the embryos without sofia 's consent . mom-of-one : sofia has a 23-year-old son manolo from her first marriage , pictured together here in 2014 at hbo 's golden globes after party in los angeles .  