a cold war bunker built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack has been transformed into a stunning £3.5million luxury home . the property , in the leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst , was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 . the site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls . the glass house in chislehurst , which was formerly a secret cold war bunker and has now been transformed and is up for sale for £3.5million . the house was first built as a place where government officials could sit out a nuclear winter but now has a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase . however , the building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the cold war , but now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home , complete with a swimming pool , a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase . the property , known as the glass house , has now been put on the market for £3.5million and also boasts five bedrooms , a stylish kitchen , games room and outside roof terrace . it took two years to totally renovate the property as workers were forced to carve windows and doors out of the formidable concrete walls . the property also boasts a swimming pool in the atrium of the building with a glass staircase the centrepiece as you enter the property . the glass roof , which has created a sun room on the top floor . it took two years to carry out the renovations to transform the building from a bunker to a luxury home . as well as a sun room , the house also has a roof terrace . builders were forced to carve windows and doors out of five foot thick concrete to complete the transformation . before its transformation the property was a regional control centre , one of four in the london area , built for government officials in the event of a nuclear winter . it was fully equipped with showers , food and fuel stores and is only 20 minutes to london birdge station by train . there was also a map room , dormitory and diesel generators , which powered the electrical , communication and filtration systems . before its renovation the house was one of four regional control centres , built for government officials in the event of a nuclear winter . the house boasts five bedrooms , one pictured , as well as a games room , drawing room , several bathrooms and a huge garden . the dining room in the glass house . previously the building housed a map room , dormitory and diesel generators , which powered the electrical , communication and filtration systems . the drawing room of the glass house in chislehurst . jdm estate agents who are marketing the property have described it as truly unique . several features of the property 's original purpose still remain with the new l-shaped shower room owing its unusual design to the fact it was the original blast-proof entrance to the bunker . steven may , branch manager at jdm estate agents , who are marketing the property , said : ' this exceptional house is truly unique . ' it will appeal to those buyers looking for a contemporary luxury home with an interesting history . ' pictured before the transformation , the bunker had been left to ruin after it was abandoned shortly after the cold war . it was only bought in 1998 . the bunker had huge foundations and concrete walls with the site for the bunker chosen due to the surrounding wooden area , which afforded it a degree of secrecy . 