the florida man who piloted a small gyrocopter past washington , dc , landmarks last week said he fully expected to be intercepted before landing on the west lawn of the us capitol . douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington . hughes , a us postal service mail carrier , described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin , florida , early on sunday . scroll down for video . doug hughes , 61 , spoke from his home in ruskin , florida , afre he arrived for house arrest before his court date . he steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol on wednesday , april 15 , 2015 . doug hughes putting address labels on half of the 535 letters to congress he tried delivering earlier this month . hughes told reporters outside his home : ' i had expected to be intercepted on the way . ' he recalled it being colder than he had expected flying from gettysburg , pennsylvania , to dc , where the sight of the washington monument helped guide him to the capitol grounds . some of the people below waved to hughes , who intended the flight as a protest to highlight the need for campaign-finance reform , as he flew over the national mall . he said : ' people were not frightened at all . ' that part of it was surreal . ' hughes hoped to raise awareness about the influence of big money in politics by deliberately breaking the law to deliver 535 letters , one for each member of congress . instead , the overwhelming focus of news coverage has been about the gaps he exposed in national security . he told the associated press : ' we 've got bigger problems in this country than worrying about whether the security around dc is ironclad . ' we need to be worried about the piles of money that are going into congress . ' the message was two pages long to congress that they are going to have to face the issue , ok , of campaign-finance reform and honesty and government so that they work for the people . hughes flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters and landed on the west lawn of the capitol . his russian-born wife , alena hughes , said she was ' proud ' that her husband acted out of patriotism for the us . hughes spent a night in jail after capitol police arrested him . the ultralight aircraft and its cargo - a us postal service bin carrying the letters - were seized . his russian-born wife , alena , told the ap that her husband acted out of patriotism for the united states . she said : ' i am very proud of my husband . he is a countryman . ' hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace . he will remain home until he is back in washington for a preliminary hearing in may . asked if he too thinks he 's a patriot or simply crazy , hughes said ' everyone gets to make up their own mind about me , that 's what i 'd say . ' a reporter asked : ' but do you consider yourself a patriot ? ' ' no , i 'm a mailman , ' he said . hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace . he was allowed to return to florida , but ordered to remain at home in detention until he is due back in washington for a preliminary hearing on may 8 .