odds on the second royal baby being called sam have been slashed , following the success of sam waley-cohen at aintree , the duchess ' close friend . prince george 's brother or sister could be called sam - after the jockey that helped the duke and duchess of cambridge rekindle their romance . bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - which could be used for samuel or samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby . it follows the success of part-time jockey and the duchess of cambridge 's close friend sam waley-cohen at aintree this weekend . the 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed ' the royal matchmaker ' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007 . the duke and duchess of cambridge have publicly insisted that even they do not know what sex their second child will be . ladbrokes confirmed they received a recent flurry of bets following mr waley cohen 's high-profile win on radjhani express on friday in aintree 's crabbies topham chase - prompting their odds to tumble from 66/1 to 20/1 . david williams of ladbrokes said : ' with sam waley-cohen 's close links to the royals it seems punters are putting two and two together and coming up with sam as their answer for the baby 's name . ' simon clare , from bookmakers coral , confirmed they too have had no choice but reduce their odds on ' sam ' in recent days because of the popularity of the name . he explained : ' we have slashed his odds from 66/1 to 40/1 . ' given how close the duchess of cambridge is to sam waley-cohen we are also seeing money for sam or samuel at 150/1 and samantha at 200/1 to be their second baby 's name . ' scroll down for video . the new prince or princess will be fourth in line to the throne but , unlike prince george , he or she is not expected to rule as sovereign . the baby will be the queen 's fifth great-grandchild . alice is still the favourite at 3/1 followed closely by elizabeth and charlotte at 5/1 and 6/1 respectively , according to ladbrokes on sunday afternoon . at the moment odds have been slashed for female names , because of widespread speculation that the duchess of cambridge will give birth to a sister for prince george . the duchess of cambridge is expected to give birth later this month , with a rumoured due date of april 25 . mr waley-cohen , pictured in 2014 , rode to success at aintree on friday and in the grand national . mr waley-cohen , who has been a close confidante of the duchess of cambridge for years , rode oscar time to 15th place in yesterday 's grand national . in 2011 he was invited to the couple 's westminster abbey wedding . and in 2012 mr waley-cohen- whose relatives include shell oil founder , the 3rd viscount bearsted - made the duchess guest of honour at his nuptials to party-organiser bella ballin . mr waley-cohen , a part-time jump-jockey and healthcare businessman , won the cheltenham gold cup in 2010 on ' long run ' . the royal baby is expected to arrive later this month . there is speculation the cambridges ' second born might arrive on the queen 's birthday on april 21 or even the duke and duchess ' fourth wedding anniversary on april 29 . other reports suggest the due date could be april 25 . the duchess of cambridge is to return to the lindo wing at st mary 's hospital in london to give birth . as she did with prince george ( pictured ) . that date would tally with the fact that the duchess ' final public engagements before she gives birth were carried out on march 27 in south london , suggesting late april is more likely than mid-april . the duchess ' second pregnancy was announced on september 8 when she was thought to be just six weeks pregnant . she has been staying at the couple 's new country home in norfolk , anmer hall . but she is expected to return to london soon as she intends to give birth at the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital , where a natural birth costs up to £10,000 . her team will be led by guy thorpe-beeston , surgeon gynaecologist to the royal household . waley-cohen is a celebrity ambassador for the bone cancer research trust ( bcrt ) and was famously pictured with the duchess of cambridge at the roller disco he organised to raise money for a ward in memory of his brother .   