from top to third to second to top to second again . what a perfect game to represent such an absurd season . bournemouth were out of it . then they were in it . then it all went bonkers and eddie howe was caught between feelings of regret and unhappiness with paul tierney , the referee . the stripped-down fact is that it finished 2-2 . the glorious detail is that bournemouth trailed to a kieran lee sucker punch , levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off . a problem ? not really . chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court . maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . bournemouth : boruc , francis , elphick , cook , ( jones 64 ) , daniels , ritchie , arter , surman , pugh ( smith 57 ) , kermorgant ( ward 81 ) , wilson . subs not used : camp , gosling , pitman , fraser . booked : cook . red card : francis . sheffield wednesday : kirkland , buxton , lees , zayatte ( vermijl 45 ) , helan hutchinson ( maghoma 15 ) , melo silva , maguire , lee , isgrove ( nuhiu 63 ) , lavery . subs not used : westwood , may , mccabe , bus . booked : buxton , helan , isgrove . referee : paul tierney . attendance:11,280 . matt ritchie scored the kind of goal that belongs in the premier league to put them in front . job done ? not nearly . chris maguire scored a penalty for wednesday deep into stoppage time and three point became one ; a big step towards the top flight became a stumble . howe was left ' heartbroken ' , but also frustrated , not least because he felt callum wilson deserved a penalty in the second half when he appeared to be fouled by lewis buxton . bournemouth have had 15 penalties this season and howe suggested that might be counting against them , saying in a radio interview : ' it looked like the referees have come together and talked about callum wilson and said don’t give him any penalties because bournemouth have had too many this season and we don’ t want them to have any more . ' his broader disappointment was also clear , having blown a major opportunity to keep top spot in a thrilling division . he said : ' it really is tough to take . that is why we love the game – the drama and twists and turns . ' the pain and frustration we need to transfer into motivation . this is our most successful season but we have had low moments . we have only two games and our objective is clear . we have to use this as motivation to move forward now . we have to respond . ' lee had put wednesday in front with a 36th-minute header before kermorgant levelled midway through the second half . a draw at that stage might have seemed fair but simon francis was sent off for two yellow cards and bournemouth were back on the ropes . cue bedlam . ritchie launched a shot into the top corner after andrew surman laid off a free-kick but maguire added to the madness in stoppage time . wednesday manager stuart grey could n't help but chuckle . he said : ' it took six and a half hours to get down here but we got on with it . if we left without anything it would have been disappointing . ' kieran lee ( second right ) celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . yann kermorgant ( second left equalises for the cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . bournemouth 's simon francis is dismissed by referee paul tierney in the 78th minute . matt ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .