police have revealed that they believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of nsw . just a day after william 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them , police have described the 'fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry . ' the two worlds collided . we have information that could link william’s disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said lead investigator detective inspector gary jubelin . scroll down for video . the parents of missing william tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing . the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically , and is now ' progressing rapidly ' , according to homicide squad commander detective superintendent mick willing , reported news.com.au . ' we are pursuing many , many lines of inquiry but what i can say is that there is a team of detectives working very hard . this is a very fast-paced moving inquiry , ' detective superintendent willing said . the detective sup took a firm stance on the consequences for anyone found to be involved with the toddler 's disappearance . ' if you know anything you are implicated . if you are involved you will be charged , ' he said . det sup willing also spoke of the heartache william 's parents had experienced since his abduction , and said that the family needed answers to where their beloved little boy was . this comes as the three-year-old 's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished . little william 's mother frantically searched the house , opening cupboards and yelling out , ' you need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are ' in the moments after she found she could n't hear her son . ' when i realised that william was missing – i think back to that moment where i just went , `` i ca n't hear him , why , why ca n't i hear him '' , ' she said . william had been in the front yard of his grandmother 's house in kendall , on the nsw mid-north coast , when he disappeared in september last year . ' i just walked out and just i see nothing , i hear nothing , i 'm speechless . i 'm walking around in a circle on the spot thinking where is he ? why ca n't i see him ? and i 'm yelling out , `` william , where are you '' ? ' his mother told the sydney morning herald . the toddlers parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on friday begging for his return . ' just give him back ... take him to a church , take him to a police station , take him to school . give him to someone , give him back , ' his mother says in a video released by police . william 's father choked back tears as he remembered his son , who was infatuated with the spider-man superhero . ' ( he loved ) anything that related to spider-man and superheroes , ' william 's father said in the video . ' he 's a cheeky , vibrant little boy ... full of energy . i mean he 's my little boy . ' one of the new photos released by police of william tyrrell show the three-year-old smiling and playing guitar , while other images and photos show an energetic and happy youngster full of life . heartfelt plea : william tyrrell 's distraught parents released a video pleading for their missing son 's return as well as home movies showing the lively boy riding his bike ( pictured ) and playing at the family home . but he said william was a cautious boy who would n't go with a stranger . his mother said she had a vision that somebody ' reached over ... has gone `clump ' on his shoulders , picked him up and moved him on ... because ... that 's the only way ... to explain for him not to be there . ' she said the family was struggling with not knowing where william is or what happened to him . ' we need to know what happened to him ... `cause we ca n't live forever ... like this . ' she said she hoped whoever had him was looking after him . ' i want him to be safe , i want him to be feeling loved and i want someone to be looking after him because to imagine that something else is going on ... we ca n't live like that . ' the distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts . in the videos , william can be seen riding his bike down a path and flashing a cheeky grin , as well as playing a guitar and swivelling his hips in times to the music . ' just give him back ' : the parents ( pictured ) issued the plea in an emotional video released by nsw police to encourage people to come with forward with new leads as to the missing toddler 's whereabouts . full of life : the new videos of william tyrrell ( pictured , above at a slightly younger age ) show a smiling boy full of energy and his mother has begged kidnappers to show her son care and love if the little boy is still alive , seven months after police believe he was abducted from his grandmother 's nsw mid north coast home . the parents of missing three-year-old william tyrrell have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in daylight last september . legal restrictions have prevented william 's parents from speaking publicly throughout the ordeal , and their identities are not revealed in the video . the footage comes as detectives reveal that they believe the three-year-old may have been abducted by a paedophile ring . detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ' one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring . ' he said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ' vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace . ' ' we are persuing every lead that we get , ' detective willing said . william was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in kendall last september . vigorous pursuit : nsw homicide squad boss detective superintendent mick willing ( pictured ) revealed on friday that police are investigating william tyrrell 's disappearance at a very fast pace and that ' one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring ' . a new home video of cheeky william tyrrell ( pictured , eating cake ) has been provided by the family in their desperate wait for the return of the three-year-old , seven months after his probable kidnap . investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . the parents are calling for any who has any information to contact crime stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . the release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in bonny hills , south of port macquarie , for evidence relating to william 's whereabouts . police divers were brought in from sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . the three-day search was carried out near local washing machine repairman william ' bill ' spedding 's home . mr spedding was identified as a person of interest in the case after he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the toddler vanished . however , mr spedding says he did n't go to the house on september 12 because he could n't get in contact with william 's grandmother . police searched the 63-year-old 's home and business in nearby laurieton in january , seizing various items , including cars , a mattress and computer , for forensic examination . mr spedding has strongly denied any involvement and police have previously stressed he is n't their only line of inquiry . homicide squad commander , detective superintendent mick willing talks to the media in relation to the investigation of missing toddler , william tyrrell . william was playing in his grandmother 's yard dressed in a spider-man suit in kendall , on the nsw mid north coast last september when he disappeared in broad daylight . william tyrrell 's parents released this new photo ( above ) of their missing son , with an impassioned plea in which his mother said she had a vision that somebody ' reached over ... and has gone `` clump '' on his shoulders ' . police divers were brought in from sydney to search the murky dam in a bush reserve , and a nearby swamp . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .