a man finally freed satisfied a well-earned fast food craving by eating his first hamburger after being wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years . michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him . in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , which has been working to free hanline since 1999 , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ' they show on tv with the bacon on it ' . as he dug into his meal of a large mile high bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink , it was a special moment for him . ' my oh my , that 's what meat tastes like huh ? ' he said after taking his first bite . ' the commercial does it justice . ' scroll down for video . michael hanline , 69 , who was wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years , was dismissed of charges on wednesday . on the day of his release last november , the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for decades was captured on video ( above hanline tucking away into a bacon cheeseurger at a carl 's jr restaurant ) . on wednesday , after a gps monitor was cut off , hanline finally put on the boots ( above ) he last wore 36 years ago when he went to prison for a crime he did not commit . following more than three decades after hanline was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in california 's history was finally released last november . and earlier this week , a judge dismissed him of the charges . ' the whole thing was surreal for him when we got him out . it’s impossible for any of us to imagine what it’s like to spend 36 years in prison and then come out , ' justin brooks , director of california innocence project at california western school of law told daily mail online . in the video showing his first moments of freedom , hanline is seen on november 24 , 2014 walking with brooks as he takes his first steps after leaving prison . ' today is the day we are finally getting the first of the california 12 out of prison , ' brooks says in the video . in the video posted on april 20 by california innocence project , hanline is seen on the day of his release on november 24 , 2014 as he walks out to a cheering crowd . holding his wife sandy 's hand , the video shows him looking up into the sky and taking in a breath of fresh air as he leaves prison . while in the car he said : ' it 's just an incredible rush . it does n't seem i guess actually real yet ' . hanline is then greeted by a cheering crowd as he walks next to brooks , and holding his wife 's hand , he walks out of the doors looking up at the sky . when asked what he is feeling in that moment , he is left speechless only able to shake his head in awe . ' you can see the look on his face when he looks up at the sky as a free man and it’s so overwhelming for him , ' brooks told daily mail online . ' my oh my oh my . it 's kind of hard . this feels like i 'm on the front of a rocket ship , ' hanline says in the video as he rides in the backseat of a car . ' it 's just an incredible rush . it does n't seem i guess actually real yet . ' brooks said hanline had not seen much movement in 36 years so everything just seemed like it was moving at a 1,000 miles per hour while he was inside the car . 'it’s a sensory overload nobody could understand , ' brooks told daily mail online . 'i’ve been doing this for 25 years and i’ve walked 18 other people out of prison , and i still have no idea what that experience is like unless you’re in their head . once he enters the carl 's jr restaurant , at the counter ( above ) he asks for ' a burger they show on tv with the bacon on it ' . after taking his first bite ( hanline pictured above eating the cheeseburger ) , he said ' that 's what meat tastes like huh ? ' once inside of carl 's jr , hanline takes a few moments stumbling to figure out what to order but then says he wants a burger that is ' seen in commercials ' before tucking into his meal . ' inside of carl’s jr it was a beautiful moment and also a sad one , ' brooks told daily mail online . ' he looks at the menu and he hasn’t made choices in 36 years , being in prison took away his choice and he eats what he’s told to eat . ' you can see he’s sort of stunned by that whole process . i did n't know what to get him either because i’m a vegetarian and it was my first time inside of carl 's jr , so i just told them to give him the biggest one . ' on twitter , carl 's jr announced on thursday they were giving him a year of free burgers . the company wrote : ' michael , thank you for choosing carl 's jr./hardee 's . hope you enjoyed it . here 's a few more ' . after learning of hanline 's story , carl 's jr shared on twitter they would be giving him a year of free burgers . ' michael , thank you for choosing carl 's jr./hardee 's . hope you enjoyed it . here 's a few more , ' the company tweeted to cip on thursday evening with a pictured attached that said ' free burgers for a year , michael 2015 ' . brooks said hanline was really excited about the offer from carl 's jr . after hanline 's murder charges were formally dismissed on wednesday , he appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside of court with his wife , sandy , where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life . he also had a gps monitor cut off allowing him to finally put on the boots he last wore 36 years ago when he went to prison for the crime he did not commit , according to cip . ' all i want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with sandy and do a little gardening , ' he said outside of court in california on wednesday . ' hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be . ' he added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that california roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars . following the judge dismissing him of charges on wednesday ( hanline pictured left with his wife sandy on april 22 and right on november 24 , 2014 ) , he said he is looking forward to returning to a normal life . california innocence project wrote back to carl 's jr saying hanline was thrilled to hear about the free burgers . ' mike said it’s like being reborn everyday and that the world has changed so much in 36 years , ' brooks told daily mail online . after decades in prison , hanline , who lives in paso robles , was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about ' buck rogers ' gadgets such as cellphones . ' gas is n't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes is n't 30 cents , ' he said . ' it 's a whole new ball game . ' hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing friend , ventura resident j.t . mcgarry in 1978 . he said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison . testing showed new dna evidence found at the crime scene did not come from hanline or his alleged accomplice . in addition , prosecutors withheld evidence that should have been disclosed to hanline 's legal team during the trial . michael hanline leaves court after his case was dismissed of charges in ventura , california on wednesday , april 22 . hanline said all he wants to do now is go fishing , ride his motorcycle and spend time with his wife sandy . hanline 's conviction was overturned and he was freed from prison on november 24 after prosecutors told a judge doubts had been raised about the case . however , he had been required to wear a gps ankle bracelet and had faced the possibility of a retrial . a ventura county superior court judge dismissed the charges at the request of prosecutors , telling the courtroom it was done because the allegations ca n't be proven beyond a reasonable doubt . 'i’ve been working on his case for 15 years and and when you spend all of that time with someone in prison and you get to walk them out , there’s no greater feeling , ' brooks told daily mail online . ' if a lawyer gets to have one of those experiences , they’re lucky and i’ve gotten to have 18 . ' prosecutors are still investigating who might have killed mcgarry . ' when i first got arrested , i figured it might take a year or two to get this all straightened around but not 36 , ' hanline said , including two years he spent in jail after his arrest but before his conviction . he added : ' i never believed i 'd spend the rest of my life in prison , but man , 36 years is a long , long time . '