cooking a gourmet lunch for family and friends at easter has never been so easy - or cheap . one of australia 's most loved cooks , lyndey milan , has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . scroll down for video . one of australia 's most loved cooks , lyndey milan , has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . ' i am such of a massive fan of the hospitality of a table . i think sitting down around a table is the loveliest thing , ' milan told daily mail australia . ' the worst homemade disaster is better than the shop bought stuff . you 'll be wealthier , healthier and friendlier for cooking for the people you love . ' the results of her aldi experiment include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots . for dessert , lyndey says her hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline , which came in at $ 2 per person , is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser . ' the hot cross bun pudding is so much fun . what i like about it is you can use leftovers – you 'll always have stale hot cross buns and easter eggs , ' lyndey told daily mail australia . ' the salmon is smart enough for a dinner party . i would serve that for people coming for dinner . ' what i love about it is the ease of preparation . all you do it make the crusting , spread the salmon with dijon mustard – it 's not that hard , it 's perfect . ' the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the aldi supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast - including hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding . greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf is also on lyndey 's menu for easter . lyndey was inspired by the lamb dish after filming a cooking series in greece a few years back . ' at easter , some people like to eat fish but then lamb is so traditional . sometimes families are n't sure of how to cook it – the whole point of greek lamb is it 's well cooked , so you do n't have that issue of cooking it rare for some and well done for others , ' she said . 1 . use up all of what you buy . 2 . buy fresh produce that’s in season . 3 . store things correctly so they will keep well in your fridge . 4 . take advantage of any deals or specials and build your weekly meals around them . 5 . always try to use leftovers in another meal . 6 . only buy what you need . 7 . use your freezer . ' you can buy it from aldi already butterflied so you can reduce cooking time . i just did that really simple zucchini pilaf , but you can use any sort of veggie . ' with a recipe , it 's only a description of what you 've done once… i love it when people change them and make it their own . ' lyndey had never stepped foot inside an aldi before she partnered with them to create the easter recipes . ' i did my personal research on aldi , i went and visited two stores . i was waiting to get arrested by the store detective , ' lyndey said . ' i went around taking photos and making notes of the prices , which i could n't believe by the way . i then went and bought all my ingredients ... i did a spreadsheet of costs and then created . ' all of their meat is grass-fed , they have australian cheese in there that 's won sydney royal medals – i just saw how much of their stuff is australian . ' i 'm now a convert . ' lyndey says her hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline , which came in at $ 2 per person , is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser . lyndey says her herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots is quick and easy to prepare . lyndey , who prides herself on never throwing food out , says there 's a few simple tips to keep the grocery spend down and minimise waste . 1 . use up all of what you buy . cooking a whole chicken ? boil up the bones with a carrot , onion , parsley stalks and peppercorns and make your own stock or soup base . do the same with meat bones . 2 . buy fresh produce that’s in season . not only does it taste better , it costs less . 3 . store things correctly so they will keep well in your fridge . soak celery in icy cold water , drain , then wrap well in plastic in the fridge . store herbs and shallots in damp kitchen paper inside a plastic bag to keep them fresh . store potatoes and onions in a cool , dark place . 4 . take advantage of any deals or specials and build your weekly meals around them . aldi has 7 day deals each wednesday , which include amazing specials on meat , produce and some different and exciting products in the fridge . 5 . always try to use leftovers in another meal . cold roast meat and vegetables can liven up a bland salad . leftover vegies can go into a pasta , soup , frittata or risotto . banana muffins or ice-cream can be made using over-ripe bananas and almost anything can be turned into a curry . 6 . only buy what you need . always check the fridge and pantry before you shop and make a list before you go in store . 7 . use your freezer . liquids like wine , coconut milk and stock can be frozen to use when needed . bread stores well in the freezer and once defrosted , makes an excellent savoury breadcrumb topping with grated cheese . herb crusted salmon with pea puree : 6 salmon fillets ( 140g each ) 3 tbsp . ( 1/4 cup ) dijon mustard . 25g ( 1/2 packet ) fresh parsley 25g ( 1/2 packet ) fresh dill . ½ cup dried bread crumbs olive oil . 30g butter 3 green onions ( shallots ) , finely chopped . 2 sprigs mint 500g frozen peas 1 tbsp . lemon juice ( optional ) . method : pre-heat oven to 180⁰c [ 160⁰c fan-forced ] and line a baking tray with baking paper . place salmon on the prepared baking tray . spread with mustard and season with salt and pepper . chop parsley and dill in a small processor , then add breadcrumbs and enough olive oil to moisten . press down on salmon . roast for 8 minutes for pink or 12 minutes for well done . serve salmon on pea puree ( recipe below ) , with smashed potatoes and ginger carrots . melt butter in a medium saucepan , add green onions and stir over medium heat until softened . add frozen peas , cover with 2cm of water and bring to the boil . boil for five minutes or until the peas are very tender . strain the peas , but reserve the cooking liquid . puree until smooth , adding a splash of the cooking water if needed . season with salt and pepper and 1 tablespoon of lemon juice . greek lamb . 1.2 kg butterflied leg of lamb 1/3 cup ( 80ml ) extra virgin olive oil . 1 1/2 tbsp . ( 30ml ) wine vinegar 2 tbsp . dried oregano . 2 cloves garlic , crushed 1 tsp . salt or to taste . freshly ground pepper 1 lemon , cut in wedges , to serve . method : preheat oven to 200'c ( 180'c fan-forced ) . remove lamb from fridge 30 minutes before roasting to bring to room temperature . place 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large frying pan over high heat . season the lamb with salt and pepper on both sides , then brown in the pan for 2- 3 minutes each side . place lamb in roasting dish . combine oil , garlic , vinegar and oregano . rub mixture over lamb , place in oven and roast uncovered for 55 minutes , turning once . remove from the oven and rest , covered loosely with foil for 10 minutes . pour juices off and allow to settle in a jug . scoop off the fat which rises to the top with either a spoon or kitchen paper . ( or a fat/lean separator jug can do this for you . ) carve lamb into thin slices , drizzle with pan juices and serve with lemon , zucchini pilaf and greek salad . easter bread & butter pudding with almond praline . 5 - 6 cherry chocolate hot cross buns , sliced thickly . 1 ½ tbsp . ( 30g ) soft butter 275ml milk . 2 cups ( 500ml ) cream 1/3 cup ( 75g ) caster sugar . 1 tsp . vanilla extract ( optional ) 4 eggs . 100g ( 1 large ) easter egg , crumbled ( optional ) . ice-cream to serve ( optional ) ½ cup ( 40g ) flaked almonds . 1 cup ( 220g ) caster sugar 1/3 cup ( 80ml ) cold water . method : preheat the oven to 180'c ( 160'c fan forced ) . grease a shallow 2-litre ( 8-cup ) ovenproof dish . spread cut surfaces of buns with butter . place cut side up in prepared dish . sprinkle with easter egg ( optional ) . combine the milk , cream and sugar in a small saucepan . stir over heat until warm but not boiling . whisk eggs in large bowl . gradually add warm milk mixture as you whisk . pour hot milk mixture over the hot cross buns . leave to soak for at least 10 minutes , pressing down with your fingers occasionally to help the buns soak up the liquid . place overproof dish in a large baking tray and add enough boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the ovenproof dish . bake uncovered in oven for about 45 - 50 minutes or until pudding almost sets . it will still be wobbly in the middle if you shake the dish remove the pudding from the oven and stand 5 minutes before serving . serve bread & butter pudding with almond praline ( see recipe below ) sprinkled over the top . line a baking tray with baking paper . scatter over the almonds and place in the oven until golden about 5 minutes . meanwhile combine sugar and water in a saucepan and place over low heat . cook , stirring , for 5 minutes or until sugar has dissolved . increase heat to high and bring to the boil . boil without stirring for 5-7 minutes or until mixture turns golden . remove from heat and set aside for 2 minutes to allow bubbles to subside . pour over almonds on the baking tray and allow to cool . break praline into shards and sprinkle over the pudding .          