jack wilshere can be the future of arsenal’s midfield , but his injury record could turn him into another abou diaby , fears club legend ray parlour . wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday after five months out through injury . and parlour believes that the 23-year-old’s fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . jack wilshere , on the bench next to theo walcott and mathieu flamini , for arsenal 's match against reading . wilshere , the england international , is pictured in training for arsenal earlier this month . ‘ i think he’s the future of the club , ’ said parlour . ‘ i think if he stays fit , he’s a quality player , there’s no doubt about that . ‘ the way he goes past players , the way he links up with people , i definitely think he’s got a big role to play . ‘ but again , the big question mark is can he stay fit ? look at abou diaby . diaby’s a terrific player . but look at him , the injuries the last few years . ‘ the big burning question is can wilshere have a full season without being injured for a long period , like he hasn’t had for the last three or four seasons . ’ the 23-year-old pictured in action for arsenal 's under-21s against reading at the emirates earlier in april . wilshere is at the heart of a core of players at the emirates which has now reached the fa cup final for the second year in a row , and are approaching maturity as a group . and although the premier league title may be out of their reach , parlour believes that arsene wenger’s squad , with the right additions , could be ready to finally push for top honours again . ‘ what i like about the squad is that they’ve got good youngsters - oxlade-chamberlain , chambers and bellerin - coming through , but the main nucleus of players are a good age , ' added parlour , talking at the carlsberg people’s pundit final . ‘they’re not too old , they’re in their prime now , they’ve got the experience . so those sort of players , people like ozil , ramsey , sanchez , wilshere if he’s fit , they’ve got that nucleus . ray parlour , who won three championships with arsenal , has backed wilshere to be the future of the club . ‘it’ll need a couple of big signings , but if they can get them , i’m sure they’ll be a lot closer to chelsea next season in the premier league , and in the champions league they can go the extra couple of rounds and get to the final , ' said parlour , at the boot camp stage of the people 's pundit , championed by carlsberg – the official beer of the england team and the premier league . after months of scouring the country , the people 's pundit has narrowed down its search to five football fans in with a chance of winning their big break on talksport on the last day of the barclays premier league season . those five – a call centre worker , a personal trainer , a sales director , a production runner , and a furniture upholsterer – were put through their paces under the famous wembley arch by punditry legends jeff stelling , mark saggers and ray parlour in the final race to see who will become the people 's pundit . parlour , who won three fa cups under arsene wenger , was also full of praise of the gunners ' fa cup final opponents aston villa , and their boss tim sherwood . the former tottenham boss – who grew up an arsenal fan – has steered villa away from the relegation dogfight and into their first cup final for 15 years , and parlour backed him to be named manager of the season if he triumphs at wembley . parlour won the fa cup under arsene wenger three times , including in 2002 when he scored a stunning goal . frenchman diaby 's promising career has been hit by a host of injuries . ‘ i played with him at england , he always a great lad , always had a good football brain on him , and he’s certainly delivering the goods at the moment , ’ said parlour . ‘he’s certainly got something going for him , and i’d be amazed if villa do go down , with the momentum they’ve got . ‘ if he can keep the club up and lead them next season in the premier league , and if he can win the fa cup as well , it’s a great season . if they can come fourth from bottom this season , and win the cup , he’s got to be near enough for manager of the year . ’ the carlsberg fan squad is all about making football better for fans . that 's why if carlsberg did pundits , they 'd probably be fans just like you . to find out more about the people 's pundit finalists , vote for your favourite , and find out which will win their big break on talksport on the last day of the premier league season , head to thepeoplespundit.co.uk # peoplespundit . carlsberg is the official beer of the england team and the premier league .