a student has become an online sensation after powering his cambridge college to glory in the final of university challenge . ted loveday managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show , helping gonville and caius college , cambridge defeat magdalen college , oxford . viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources . scroll down for video . star : ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college , cambridge to victory in university challenge . mr loveday revealed after his team 's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching youtube videos and researching possible questions on wikipedia . gonville and caius won the university challenge title by amassing 225 points against magdalen in the final , broadcast on bbc two on monday night . the team 's victory was largely thanks to mr loveday , who provided the correct response to 10 ' starter for 10 ' questions posed by presenter jeremy paxman . his range of expert topics ranged from foreign languages to economics and politics , via science and classical music . in the wake of the team 's win , university challenge viewers took to the internet to express their admiration for mr loveday - and the cable-knit jumpers he sported on screen . team : the cambridge students thrashed their opponents from magdalen college , cambridge . quizmaster : the bbc two show is hosted by jeremy paxman , notorious for his aggressive putdowns . 1 ) ' this long run is a misleading guide to current affairs . in the long run we 're all dead . ' these are the words of which economist ? 2 ) ' they illustrate the temper of a pre-revolutionary age , when there is widespread desire for moderate reform . ' these words of bertrand russell refer to which two figures of the northern renaissance born respectively in london and rotterdam ? 3 ) what five-letter word means a stupid or silly woman in mexican spanish , a university canteen in german and in the english-speaking world an organisation founded in 1946 for people with high iqs ? 4 ) during the 20th century , which conservative prime minister 's cabinet included that party 's previous and subsequent prime ministers , both of whom served for the whole of its period in office , the former as foreign secretary and the latter as secretary of state for education ? 5 ) ' the first known instance of the application of algorithmic thinking to a field outside logic and mathematics . ' these words refer to a grammar of which language by the gandharian scholar panini ? 6 ) memoirs of a dutiful daughter is an autobiographical work by which french author ? it recounts her stifling and respectable upbringing and how she revolted against it at the sorbonne with jean-paul sartre . 7 ) inspired by the artworks of viktor hartmann , ' the gnome ' , ' the hut on fowl 's legs ' and ' the great gate of kiev ' are among the 10 movements that comprise which suite by mussorgsky ? 8 ) john f kennedy 's statement that ' mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind ' is an example of what figure of speech named after the 22nd letter of the greek alphabet ? 9 ) from the greek for ' unguent ' , what five-letter term denotes a complex of molten silicates with water and gases formed within the upper mantle of the earth ? 10 ) meaning ' said only once ' , what two-word greek term denotes a word or word-form that is recorded only once in a text , in the work of a particular author , or in a body of literature ? scroll down to see the answers . matt stephens wrote on twitter , 'cable-knit jumper in excelsis , ' while jack clayton added : ' after that performance , loveday is going to be fighting off the groupies with a trident . ' paul coxon , a cambridge physicist , made a reference to the contestant 's constant sips of water , joking : ' loveday needs to drink so much water because he is on fire . ' mr loveday even made an appearance on a blog called ' university challenge cuties ' , which said he was ' the definition of a uc cutie ' . speaking after his team 's victory , mr loveday revealed that he had used the internet to finesse his quizzing skills ahead of filming - and suggested that university challenge is not as intellectual as it might seem . ' we 'd put aside regular times to sit down together in the college bar , watch past episodes on youtube and try to shout the answers at the telly before any of the contestants buzzed , ' he told the gonville and caius website . that was really helpful for improving our reaction speeds . ' sometimes question-setters really like a particular area and they 'll keep coming back to it . for instance , they 're a bit obsessed with pre-raphaelite paintings , so we binged on some wikipedia articles to make sure we were familiar with them . it paid off because we had a whole picture round on the pre-raphaelites ! ' university challenge is n't about deep understanding - it 's about very wide , superficial knowledge combined with quick recall . ' he also revealed that jeremy paxman treats the show 's contestants generously despite his fierce reputation - mr loveday said : ' he knows you 're just students and does n't expect you to be as tough as the politicians he interviews . ' having said that , he can be needlessly harsh in his put-downs to losing teams . ' the quiz champion offered some advice for other students hoping to follow in his footsteps , saying that the key to success is simply watching the show and looking up the answers when necessary . ' i know some of the questions on the show can seem fairly intimidating and high-brow , ' he said . ' but there 's no magic secret to it - all the answers will be out there on wikipedia somewhere . ' if you find a question daunting , look it up online and read about the answer . next time it comes up , it wo n't be daunting any more . ' mr loveday grew up in west london and went to latymer upper school , a leading private school in hammersmith . this year was not the first time he tried to appear on university challenge - last year he applied for the gonville and caius team , but did not make the cut . he follows in the footsteps of other notable champions such as gail trimble , who impressed even mr paxman when she captained corpus christi college , oxford in 2009 . almost : stephen fry came second in the 1980 edition of university challenge with queens ' college , cambridge . for many university challenge contestants , winning the show is a prelude to a successful career . but an unlucky few never reach the same heights again , and end up unable to make the most of their talents - or worse . tony gillham , who won the show in 2003 as a member of the birkbeck college team , struggled with alcoholism after his victory . he said that he was even drunk while competing in the quiz - and suggested that winning was a poisoned chalice , because it convinced him that he could function properly despite his drinking . john burke , a champion in 1999 , ended up working as a postman despite his intellectual firepower . six years ago he told a documentary : ' i 'm certainly capable of a lot more than just delivering bits of paper . i 've got a lot of other capabilities and i 'm not really fulfilling my potential . ' champions to have found success after their university challenge days include kwasi kwarteng and david lidington , both conservative mps , who each won the contest while studying at cambridge . comedian stephen fry came close to joining their ranks in the quiz elite when he was part of the queens ' college , cambridge team which came second in 1980 . the answers : 1 ) john maynard keynes ; 2 ) erasmus and thomas more ; 3 ) mensa ; 4 ) ted heath ; 5 ) sanskrit ; 6 ) simone de beauvoir ; 7 ) pictures of an exhibition ; 8 ) chiasmus ; 9 ) magma ; 10 ) hapax legomenon .