the family of a massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning are campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds . glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 . three years later , at just 26 years old , glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle . now , her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young . sad : glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 . started in high school : glenna was an avid tanner starting in high school and would sit in the sun some 40 hours per week every summer while working as a life guard in cape cod . in college , she tanned frequently in sun beds . glenna was diagnosed with stage iii melanoma after she found a golf ball sized lump in her groin just before graduating from college in 2005 . ' no one in our family knew what melanoma was , ' glenna 's mother , colleen kohl , recalled to cosmopolitan ( via elle ) ' we did a lot of crying . ' the dreaded diagnosis came after glenna , at just 22 , discovered a golf ball-sized lump in her groin while working out at the gym one day . she would eventually see a doctor and get a biopsy . physicians would trace the cancer back to a mole glenna had removed years earlier , but which doctors had failed to identify as melanoma . by then , she already had stage iii melanoma . but glenna was prepared to fight . ' whatever i have to do to fight cancer , i 'll do , ' her father bob recalls his daughter saying . because the cancer had spread to her lymphatic system , doctors removed 13 lymph nodes from her groin . less than a year later , glenna found a small lump in her abdomen and was told her cancer had progress to stage iv . glenna was given more powerful drugs , but the cancer continued to spread . she tried experimental treatments with terrible side effects , but they were no use . glenna died in november 2008 , three years after her diagnosis -- and her final tanning session . ' as health-conscious as glenna was , she did n't connect tanning with skin cancer , ' said glenna 's mother , who 's now working to make sure others will make that connection before it 's too late . ' glenna 's not here to inform people of the dangers , ' colleen told cosmo . ' so we 're going to continue her work for her . ' since their daughter 's death , colleen and bob have launched the glenna kohl fund for hope in order to ' increase awareness of the cape cod community to the importance of early detection and prevention of melanoma and to support those fighting this deadly disease . ' h/t youtube/maryellen maguire-eisen . because the cancer had spread to her lymphatic system , doctors removed 13 lymph nodes from her groin . less than a year later , glenna found a small lump in her abdomen and was told her cancer had progress to stage iv . glenna died in november 2008 , three years after her diagnosis -- and her final tanning session . thanks in part to the group 's efforts , the state of massachusetts in 2014 passed a bill banning indoor tanning for those under 16 and requiring express consent from parents for those aged 16 or 17 . melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer with 9,000 people dying each year from the mostly preventable disease . the melanoma research foundation says exposure to tanning beds before age 30 increases a person’s risk of developing melanoma by 75 percent . doctors recommend doing regular skin checks for new moles and seeing a doctor if any change in size , shape or color . doctors also recommend applying at least 1 ounce of sunscreen with an spf of 30 or more to exposed skin and reapplying every two hours , more if swimming or sweating . children in particular should be protected because bad sunburns in childhood are thought to greatly increase risk later in life . ' glenna 's not here to inform people of the dangers ' : since their daughter 's death , colleen and bob have launched the glenna kohl fund for hope in order to ' increase awareness of the cape cod community to the importance of early detection and prevention of melanoma and to support those fighting this deadly disease . ' thanks in part to the group 's efforts , the state of massachusetts in 2014 passed a bill banning indoor tanning for those under 16 and requiring express consent from parents for those aged 16 or 17 . 