pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green ahead of the start of the new season . as has become tradition , the top of the iconic building in new york has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of cosmos ' north american soccer league season , and the occasion was marked by two very special guests . beckenbauer and pele are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived , and the pair played for new york cosmos together in the late 1970s . as the former noted , they were pioneers at the time , bringing football to a territory that had rarely seen the game before . franz beckenbauer ( left ) and pele ( centre ) were reunited in new york on friday afternoon . the pair played for new york cosmos in the 1970s , before the club went bankrupt in the following years . speaking at the ceremony on friday , beckenbauer joked to pele : ' your english is better than 30 or 40 years ago when we played together . ' i told you once you were one of the reasons i signed for the new york cosmos in the year of 1977 . pele , he came in 1975 , and i think we were pioneers at the time because no-one here in the country played soccer . ' brazilian legend pele , now 74 , also had his say as the pair flicked the switch to turn on the lights . pele ( right ) runs with the ball , while team-mate beckenbauer watches on in the background . ahead of the new season starting this weekend , the pair turned the empire state building green to celebrate . pele and beckenbauer joined hands at the top , and spoke of their pride at returning to new york . ' i thank god for this moment , for this help . and beckenbauer , now my partner , is going to suffer together because the new york cosmos come back but now we just stay on the bench . congratulations , good luck to you . ' following success with pele and beckenbauer in the 70s , cosmos went bankrupt and stopped playing in the 1980s , only returning in 2010 with pele as the club 's honorary president . they play in the second division of american soccer , kicking off their season with a match against tampa bay rowdies on saturday . pele was asked whether he 'd prefer lionel messi or cristiano ronaldo , and the brazil legend chose messi . pele , regularly voted the best player of all time , says ronaldo is ' more forward , more of a scorer ' . when lists of the greatest ever footballers are released , both beckenbauer and pele are familiar sights in the top 10 . nowadays , messi v ronaldo is the popular debate , and the brazilian legend has had his say on modern football 's messiahs . ' it 's not that i like one of messi or cristiano more , when people ask me , i always say that you can not compare them , ' he told al primer toque . ' cristiano is a great player , more forward , more of a scorer . messi is a player who makes goals but also creates chances as a weapon in behind . ' the two would be very important , but if i had to choose one it would be messi . '