britain 's obsession with home ownership could be hindering the nation’s economic recovery , a leading global watchdog has said . families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations , said the international monetary fund – mainly due to borrowing to buy expensive homes . the uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt , along with portugal – lumping britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations , said the international monetary fund . the findings , in the imf’s global financial stability report , are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile . ‘ high debt levels in the private sector continue to hinder growth and financial stability , ’ the report said . ‘ gross household debt in portugal and the united kingdom is projected to remain high compared with that of other advanced economies . ’ soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in britain in recent years – raising fears that families are over-stretching themselves to get on the property ladder or buy a bigger home . the bank of england has clamped down on the sort of risky mortgage lending that was rife in the build-up to the financial crisis , in an effort to prevent another housing boom and bust . but the imf said : ‘ containing financial stability risks from housing and mortgage markets remains important . ’ it also said ‘ measures to increase housing supply are a priority’ for the uk given the shortage of homes and swelling population . both the tories and labour have promised to step-up house building after the general election . imf figures showed household debt in the uk was worth 87.1 per cent of gross domestic product , or total economic output , last year . that compares with 82.6 per cent in portugal and 76.9 per cent in the united states . debt levels are far lower in much of europe , at 72 per cent in spain , around 55 per cent in germany and france , and just over 40 per cent in italy . douro river , porto , portugal : the imf report lumped britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . a separate report will today claim 13million britons will dive further into debt this year – a 40 per cent rise on 2014 . the survey of 2,000 people found that , of the two-thirds of british adults already in debt from credit cards , overdrafts and loans , a quarter will have to borrow even more to cope . kevin mountford of moneysupermarket.com , which was behind the research , said : ‘it’s important that those relying on credit keep in control of the situation , so their debt doesn’t spiral out of control . ‘ simply working out a realistic monthly budget and cutting out unnecessary expenditure should be the first step . ’ the cost of moving house has soared to £12,000 , figures show . rising estate agents’ fees , removal costs and stamp duty helped push the total bill up 60 per cent between 2004 and last year – double the inflation rate . and it is forecast to hit £15,000 in five years despite recent reforms to curb stamp duty costs . the sky-high price of moving does not include the deposit – £90,000 for the average buyer . experts said it could be putting families off moving house at a time when demand for properties has already fallen away . a study by the centre for economics and business research found the bill for moving typically includes more than £5,000 in estate agents’ fees , £3,600 in stamp duty and £1,400 in solicitors’ conveyancing bills . paula higgins , of consumer group the homeowners’ alliance , said : ‘ this is more bad news for struggling families . ’ 