men who crave the benefits of yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of women are turning to broga , a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath . broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and strength over flexibility . experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel . scroll down for video . yoga for men : from downward dog to warrior pose , broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ‘rugged’ approach to traditional yoga workouts . making a point : traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women , yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal . ' i consider myself an athletic guy , but have never been flexible and did n't like the thought of embarrassing myself in front of a group of women , ' said financial analyst and broga enthusiast eric wright , 22 , from san jose , california . founder : robert sidoti ( pictured ) is the creator and co-founder of broga . eric and his male colleagues use the video streaming service grokker , which is aimed at broadcasting fitness , food and yoga classes directly to your home or office , to partake in their weekly yoga sessions . ' on wednesdays we have a standing broga appointment and anywhere from five to eight others will join me , ' he said . grokker founder and ceo lorna borenstein said more men are adding yoga to their exercise routines as a cross-training tool for flexibility and improving recovery time . even if they spend most of their time focusing on more high intensity gym training , men are now using yoga as a useful warm-up method . ' men are a little late to the party , ' she said . ' but we 're seeing more men in the workplace who find time to do yoga together a few times a week . ' yoga instructor robert sidoti , based in martha 's vineyard , massachusetts , is the creator and co-founder of the trademarked broga yoga , which so far has trained some 200 broga instructors in at least 22 states . sidoti taught his first broga class in 2009 . proof : more gyms are holding classes focused at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out as it becomes more and more fashionable . workout : every athlete needs to incorporate elements of stretching and lengthening into their programme , says broga 's founder . popular : more gyms are devoting resources and dedicated studio space to broga programs . ' a lot of guys were saying ' i ca n't touch my knees , let alone my toes . i would never go to a mostly women class and do things i 'm no good at , ' said sidoti , whose sequences are designed with men 's bodies in mind . ' we rarely go into poses that require deep forward bending , twisting and binding , ' he said , adding that a high intensity interval training ( hiit ) sequence is included in his standard workout . broga talk is also anatomically driven , rather than focusing on the mind and the soul like many traditional yoga classes do . ' it 's not so much about feeling your heart center as feeling the stretch across your chest , ' sidoti explained . flexible : experts say that broga can help athletes recover from injuries and boost their range of motion . strength training : fitness experts say that certain sequences and asanas are great for warm-ups and cool downs before training . beneficial : experts say that broga helps with increased mobility and , as a result , helps men lift heavier weights and boost their work-outs . jessica matthews , senior adviser for health and fitness education at the american council on exercise , said most men tend to view yoga as a workout rather than a spiritual practice . ' they celebrate the physical , ' said matthews , who is also a yoga teacher . wright said broga has improved his hamstring flexibility . ' four months ago i could n't touch my toes and today i can almost reach my palms to the ground , ' he said .