blindness did n't stop one new hampshire man from taking on the tough mudder last week , where he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully ring a bell while swinging on a rope 25 feet in the air . randy pierce , from nashua , may now gearing up to run the boston marathon this month , but there was once a time he could n't walk at all . pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair . randy pierce , pictured at the boston 5k with his late dog quinn , was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the tough mudder 's ' king of the swingers ' obstacle in california last week . pierce had to jump off a ledge and grab a piece of rope that he needed to swing to a bell 25 feet above the air , before falling into a pit of muddy water . and although he was ' frustrated and angry ' at first , pierce was soon training himself to walk again . ' i love turning obstacles into opportunity , ' he told my fox boston . ' how much do you have to rebound from , how much do you have to climb up from ? the the answer is , however much is there to be climbed . ' pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in new hampshire , to be exact . and he was running again too , participating in 30 road races with his guide dog quinn . ' when you ca n't walk , you learn what a gift it is to celebrate walking , climbing , running , whatever it is , ' he said . and pierce is now a viral star after his incredible performance at a tough mudder competition in california last week , where a video captured him completing the ' king of the swingers ' obstacle . pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 . he has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire , as well as run 30 road races , with his guide dog quinn . pierce decided to run the 2015 boston marathon in honor of quinn after the dog passed away from bone cancer last year . the challenge , just one of many in the team-oriented 10-12 mile obstacle course , required pierce to jump off a ledge and grab on to a rope , according to the tough mudder 's website . as pierce swung through the air , he successfully hit the bell each participant must try and ring , before falling 25 feet into a pit of muddy water . ' my fingers just grazed the bell but it started ringing and tipping and the crowd went crazy , ' he told my fox boston . now pierce is hoping to hear he will hear the crowd cheer at the end of the boston marathon finish line , a race he is running in memory of quinn , who passed away from bone cancer last year . it was quinn who helped pierce cross the finish line at boston 's shorter 5k run just a day before the bombings in 2013 . and it is quinn who will be on pierce 's mind as he runs the april 20 race . ' i 'm going to savor all these people running with me , all these people lining the streets , ' he told wmur 9 . ' and i 'm going to savor one really mighty guide dog . ' pierce has run three marathons just this year in preparation for the boston marathon on april 20 .