a woman who managed to escape the clutches of islamic state has revealed how people are living in fear and suffering under the terror organisation . the woman , who did not want to be identified , told a bbc documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is . she was lucky to escape from the is capital raqqa in syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone . a woman who has fled from raqqa in syria said women are forced to cover up ( pictured posed by model ) . a picture taken in the is capital raqqa in syria shows women walking in burkas , they could be whipped for refusing to wear one when they go out . she said : ' is has stripped women of all their freedom , they said we must cover the whole face , this is all forced on us by is , nothing at all of a woman is revealed . ' she added that women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother . they are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them - and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police . she said : ' sometimes people get whipped . after that many people began to fear is . ' she explained that it is this fear that is making people join the group . the refugee said fear of is is making many join them : ' better to take the things they offer than die of hunger ' . ' if you are a member of is they give you gas , petrol and bread , ' she said . ' unfortunately there are a lot of simple-minded people who say `` yes , i 'll join them '' . better to take the things they offer than die of hunger , this is how they force people to support them . ' in just one example of how the group violently control both men and women , she revealed the terrible punishment inflicted on those who break the rule of not smoking . ' if a man is caught smoking they will heat up a metal skewer and put it in his mouth , ' she said . of everything she has been through , the female refugee said : ' the worst feeling is to witness other people killed in front of you . ' the is tactics have been decribed as taking a ' ghengis khan and the mongol approach to military conquest ' . sadly , this is common if people fail to stick to the rules defined by is , who want to establish a islamic utopia by any means necessary . alastair crooke , director conflicts forum , explains on the bbc documentary how the terrorist group are taking the ' ghengis khan and the mongol approach to military conquest ' . he said : ' you create an absolute fear in your enemies and the first time you come to a village you kill everything ... the dogs , the cats , destroy it down to the ground . ' families pictured fleeing from on going fighting between islamic state militants and iraqi security forces . peter taylor interviews hussam al-ahmed , a syrian photographer , in a special documentary investigating the rise of is and their diverse sources of funding . as ruthless bands of bloodthirsty fighters take over villages , women and children are murdered or sold into slavery . in bbc two 's one hour special documentary , peter taylor reveals how the group have risen to power thanks to a diverse source of funds including oil , ransoms , extortion and theft . they have amassed a war chest of an estimated $ 2billion . the programme features the first ever tv interview with is leader abu hajjar and investigates what 's made it the world’s richest terror army . this world : world 's richest terror army is on bbc2 at 9pm . 