a yob who stole a mobile phone from a man who lay dying in the street shouted and swore outside a court appearance . scott stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields , tyne and wear . he unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing . scott stephenson shouted and swore outside court after he was bailed ahead of his sentencing for a theft in which he stole a phone from a man dying of hypothermia . stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence , but failed to turn up to a previous court hearing . scott stephenson had been due to be jailed for the incident after admitting theft , but he skipped bail until he was arrested and sent back to court . the 19-year-old , from south shields , rifled through his 22-year-old unnamed victim 's pockets and made off with the iphone 4 . his victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold december day . stephenson and friend dale walker , 25 , found him but - instead of calling for help - took his phone and abandoned the man . the next morning the victim 's body was discovered close to a playground , and a post mortem examination revealed he had died from hypothermia during the cold december night . stephenson found the man lying on the floor on a cold december evening but instead of calling for help he and friend stole the man 's iphone . members of the public looked on in horror during the extraordinary outburst near newcastle crown court . stephenson made rude gestures outside south tyneside magistrates when he appeared last month to plead guilty to theft and walker admitted handling stolen goods . appearing before newcastle crown court on tuesday , stephenson made similar gestures as he stood on the street where members of the public were eating lunch . he was seized on monday after a warrant was issued for his arrest when his failure to appear left his co-defendant sitting in the dock alone and his victim 's family in anguish . he was re-bailed for the sentence - which will be arranged for a later date after a pre-sentence report has been prepared .