german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday . ' deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer . ' deutsche bank 's misconduct not only harmed its unsuspecting counterparties , it undermined the integrity and the competitiveness of financial markets everywhere . ' german banking giant deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday . the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world , from at least 2003-2011 to boost their trading positions . under the deferred prosecution agreement , deutsche bank agreed to plead guilty to a us charge of wire fraud , a criminal offense , in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price-fixing conspiracy with other banks . deutsche bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails , telephone calls and electronic chats , the us said . the $ 2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation . the largest german bank will pay $ 775 million in penalties to the justice department , $ 800 million to the us commodity futures trading commission , $ 600 million to the new york department of financial services and $ 344 million to britain 's financial conduct authority . the settlement agreement allows deutsche bank to keep its operating license in the united states . the justice department said the penalty reflected that deutsche bank 's cooperation with the probe ' was often helpful but also fell short in some important respects . ' deutsche bank co-chief executive jurgen fitschen has expressed regret for the rigging , adding that no current or former member of its management board were found to have known about the misconduct . deutsche bank co-chief executives jurgen fitschen and anshu jain expressed regret for the rigging , adding that no current or former member of its management board were found to have known about the misconduct . ' we have disciplined or dismissed individuals involved in the trader misconduct ; have substantially strengthened our control teams , procedures and record-keeping ; and are conducting a thorough review of the bank 's actions in addressing this matter , ' fitschen and jain said in a statement . the bank said it would book an additional charge of $ 1.6 billion in the first quarter for libor and ' other matters ' .