a pregnant mother with a rare form of dwarfism has revealed the physical challenges of raising her three-year-old son - who is more than half her size - while preparing for the arrival of her second child . tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall , instead of her previous height of 3'8 , which is how tall her son titan currently is . but even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations , and often has to use crutches , or sometimes a wheelchair , in addition to being three months pregnant . ' titan is a typical kid – he wants to do what he wants to do , ' she told people of her son . ' and chasing him outside or across the street is not an option for me . ' helping hand : tiffanie didonato , who has diastrophic dysplasia , a rare form of dwarfism , can be seen grocery shopping with her three-year-old son titan , who is more than half her size , but always willing to assist her . making it work : the 34-year-old mom from swansboro , north carolina , is 4'10 tall and is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis , which are side effects of her dwarfism . tiffanie , who married to eric gabrielse , a 6’1 , 29-year-old marine who is 6'0 , explained that she has to get creative when it comes to dealing with her son - especially when he throws himself on the floor and cries . when tantrums occurs she will walk way and say : ' mommy ca n't help when you 're yelling at me ... no crying and mommy can help . ' tiffanie noted that this trick , which she has developed over time , usually prompts her son to get up and give her a hug . ' i try my best to let him know throwing tantrums does n't get you very far - a great lesson to learn , do n't you think ? ' she said . great news : tiffanie and her husband eric gabrielse , a 29-year-old marine , are expecting their second child in september . all smiles : titan happily cuddled up to his dad for this snapshot . full of life : the three-year-old had a laugh while his dad eric enjoyed his breakfast . tiffanie , who co-wrote the memoir dwarf with rennie dyball , has difficulty lifting titan now that is getting taller because her arms are significantly shorter than most moms . the stiff muscles and arthritis that are side effects of her condition mean that she has to constantly re-teach herself how to walk - which makes chasing after titan impossible . losing control of her son is one of her greatest fears , which is why she avoids leaving the house with titan when she doesn’t her husband eric or another family member by her side . ' i have even watched eric struggle to catch him outside and he 's a marine ! ' she explained . ‘ we named titan correctly , because he 's almost too speedy and too athletic . ' because she ' would n't stand a chance ' against outracing her son , she makes sure she stays '10 steps ahead of the game ' at all times . overcoming obstacles : tiffanie can be seen as a child wearing braces on her legs . she underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries when she was younger . painful choice : tiffanie was expected to be 3'8 tall , but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10 , enabling her to be more independent . tiffanie recalled times in which titan has climbed into the dryer or wedged himself behind the couch or plopped himself inside the sink . without physically being able to get him out on her own , she has to rely on her own quick thinking , as well as game she made up to ensure his cooperation . she explained that when she sings : ' one , two , three , help me ! ' and reaches out for titan , he will take her hands and pull himself up and out of whatever precarious situation he has gotten himself into . titan 's willingness to lend his mom a helping hand is one of the reasons she is confident that he will be a fantastic big brother . ' he really is - whether he is intentionally doing so or no - becoming my little helper , ' she said . ' we conquer the day-to-day challenges together , and i hope we always do . ' sweet moment : tiffanie and titan snuggled up together on the couch before he fell asleep . support system : tiffanie wore a yellow halter dress while posing for this photo with a friend . sports fans : eric and tiffanie smiled for the camera at a red sox game at yankee stadium in new york city .