ian wright has hailed chelsea 's up-and-coming star jay dasilva , claiming he is better than any current left back in the barclays premier league . the 16-year-old was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland . and former arsenal and england striker wright took to twitter to praise him , saying : ' congrats to chelsea winning uefa youth league . jay da silva left back better player than any current prem left back . ' jay dasilva has been praised by ian wright following his performances in the uefa youth league . dasilva is better than any current premier league left-back , according to wright . wright has predicted that four of the chelsea side are set for a bright future in the game . in a later tweet , wright also tipped dasilva 's team-mates tammy abraham , charly musonda and charlie colkett to enjoy bright futures in the game . chelsea became the first english team to win the youth league after two goals from captain izzy brown and another from dominic solanke led them to a 3-2 win . dasilva , who hails from luton and was signed by chelsea aged 12 , is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger . despite a slight build , he is able to make his presence felt and is quick going forward in possession of the ball and when tracking back . the chelsea team pose with the uefa youth league trophy after their triumph in nyon on monday . izzy brown is buried beneath a pile of his team-mates after scoring chelsea 's opening goal . dominic solanke celebrates after scoring chelsea 's second goal against shakhtar donetsk . he progressed quickly from the under 15 team to the under 18 side last season and helped chelsea to their fa youth cup win over fulham . he scored in the first leg at craven cottage . this season has seen further progress , with dasilva making eight appearances in the under 21 premier league and nine in the youth league run . he recently helped england 's under 17 team to this summer 's european championship finals and is set to feature in the tournament in bulgaria next month . abraham , the 17-year-old forward , has enjoyed a prolific season for the chelsea under 18 side , scoring 24 times in the league at that age group and adding four more in the youth league . his six goals have helped chelsea to a fifth fa youth cup final in six seasons - they will play manchester city in the final , with the first leg scheduled for monday . ( from left ) charly musonda ( left ) , izzy brown ( centre ) and tammy abraham pose with the trophy . abraham takes on the roma defence during friday 's youth league semi-final in nyon . musonda takes on the roma defence during chelsea 's youth league semi-final on friday . musonda is a belgium under 21 international who plays an attacking midfield role for chelsea 's youth team . he scored in last season 's under 21 premier league final with manchester united at old trafford and contributed a crucial late goal in the first leg of the youth cup final with fulham . colkett , 18 , is a central midfielder who played a part in each game during chelsea 's youth league run and has also played for the under 21s . he recently scored two goals in the second leg of the youth cup semi-final with tottenham , helping swing the tie in their favour . 