half of hospitals in england are allowing patients to jump nhs queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves , new figures reveal ( file picture ) . half of hospitals are letting patients jump nhs queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves , an investigation has revealed . some are charging up to a ‘shameful’ £2,700 for one eye – treble what it costs the health service – raising suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients . cataract treatment is being rationed in england to save money , even though the nhs recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of £6,000 each . yesterday the mail revealed how millions was being wasted on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste . many nhs trusts have imposed arbitrary rules to determine who is eligible for cataract treatment , and patients who can not read , sew or watch television are routinely turned away . those patients who do meet the strict criteria often have to wait eight months for treatment , over which time their eyesight deteriorates further and impairs basic tasks and hobbies . freedom of information responses from 78 hospital trusts in england obtained by the mail found that 41 offered patients the opportunity to pay for cataract surgery themselves . the operation usually costs the nhs between £800 and £900 per eye , but some trusts are charging up to £2,700 . campaigners accused hospitals of profiting from elderly patients . clara eaglen , from the royal national institute of blind people , said : ‘it’s shameful that people are being asked to consider funding their own treatment when they are entitled to it for free , and in a timely manner , on the nhs . scroll down for video . ‘ we strongly believe that everyone who has a sight-threatening condition deserves early access to treatments . ’ caroline abrahams , of age uk , said : ‘ in the last few years it has become harder to access cataract surgery as people are forced to wait for their sight to significantly deteriorate before getting help . ‘ it is extremely worrying if people whose sight is starting to fail feel the only way to get help quickly is to pay for it . ‘ cataracts are extremely debilitating and treatment should be based on a clinical need not age or bank balance . ’ katherine murphy , chief executive of the patients’ association , added : ‘ the nhs belongs to the people , and all patients have the right to access appropriate treatment at the right time and in the right setting , irrespective of their ability to pay ; we can not and should not have a two-tier nhs . ’ in england , 41 hospital trusts said they offered patients the opportunity to pay for cataract surgery . the operation costs the nhs about between £800 and £900 per eye , but some trusts are charging up to £2,700 . more than half of over-65s suffer from cataracts , which are cloudy patches in the lens that make vision blurred or misty . sight can be restored in a simple 45-minute operation , with doctors using ultrasound waves to break up the cataract . most hospitals charge patients between £700 and £1,000 per eye for cataract treatment and say the money is spent on improving services . but this rises to £2,552 at frimley park hospital in surrey and £2,700 at maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust in kent . several trusts actively encourage patients to ‘self-fund’ . the university hospital southampton’s website informs patients that ‘ surgery will be offered much sooner than the usual nhs wait’ . it adds : ‘ our cataract choice service offers a new option , between the traditional private sector and the nhs , bringing private healthcare within the reach of many more people . ’ yeovil district hospital in somerset says its private cataract service will ‘ help you get back to the things you love’ . patients at north cumbria are offered free parking and a daily newspaper , while at frimley park they can choose from an ‘ exclusive a la carte menu’ , which includes whitebait and chicken goujons .