germans now think of themselves as the victims of hitler and his nazi regime . germans no longer see the second world war as a defeat and now think of themselves as victims of the nazis , it has been claimed . nearly 70 years after the end of the conflict , attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation . research carried out by the forsa institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade . instead , they now exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime on everyday germans , the times reported . the findings have been published exactly 70 years after hitler committed suicide in a bunker in berlin . author florian huber has sold tens of thousand of copies of his book , child promise me you will shoot yourself , which examines the number of german suicides after peace was declared . ' german journalists are interested in my book , but they keep asking me whether i am doing something to make germans out as victims , which is not allowed , it seems , ' he reportedly told the newspaper . ' we have to think of ourselves as the bad guys , and it is still a controversial thing to suggest otherwise . ' crimes committed against ordinary germans by the allies and the millions that were left uprooted by war are also the subject of other tomes . the german city of munich is today opening a new museum dedicated to exploring its past as the birthplace of the nazi movement . the munich documentation center for the history of national socialism charts the rise of the nazi party from its founding in the bavarian capital in 1920 , a year before adolf hitler became its leader . german culture minister monika gruetters praised the city for tackling what she called ' the long repressed confrontation with the special role munich played . ' gruetters noted that germany 's effort to examine its past - which encompassed world war ii and the murder of millions the nazis considered unworthy of life - is getting harder by the year because the number of witnesses is dwindling . only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat . pictured : operation overlord in june 1944 .  