a skier in switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing . videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of minschuns in val müstair , adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha – an appenzeller mix according to the owner , who noted alongside the upload of the original video that he only knows the breed of the dog 's mother . the dog named sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders . once at the top , mr schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed with the dog remaining calmly sat on his back . the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind and the camera angle changes to show the skier’s descent . after a long ski to the bottom , mr schaffner comes to a stop and the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground . mr schaffner points his skis down the mountain and begins skiing at speed and the dog remains calmly sat on his back . the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed and points its face into the wind . the skier smiles at the camera as the excited dog begins barking and running off in the snow . the video concludes with the dog – who obviously loves snow – chasing after some more skiers as they make their way down another section of mountain . discussing the video , mr schaffner wrote : ‘ she grew up on a farm in the mountains pretty wild and more or less without any supervision . mr schaffner said the dog is used to being held because she spent a lot of time being carried after an accident . after a long ski to the bottom , mr schaffner comes to a stop and the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground . ‘ and she had severe problems with walking because of an accident with a biker when she was about five-weeks-old . she almost died . ‘ when we adopted her at the age of about 13 weeks , we had to carry her around . so she was used to it from the beginning . ‘ after some months her injuries completely healed – but we kept trying to prevent long walks in her first year – the doctor advised so . ‘ that time i started to carry her on my back . that 's why she is so comfortable with it . ’ the dog jumps from its owners back and begins barking and running in the snow before chasing after other skiers . mr schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of minschuns in val müstair .