wealth : sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum and his wife princess haya of jordan royal ascot race meeting , plans to build six-storey car park . the ruler of dubai is set to build a personal six-storey super car park in london for his fleet of more than 100 luxury motors . the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . it is being built by the billionaire emir of dubai , sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , one of the world’s richest men . the car park will be built next to battersea heliport by the river thames , allowing him and his associates – including his 23 children – to arrive in the capital by helicopter and jump straight into whichever luxury car they like . but neighbours are worried their road will be spoilt by the estimated 120 cars arriving and departing each day . the sheikh , who is also vice president and prime minister of the united arab emirates , has business interests including the godolphin horseracing stables and the jumeirah luxury hotel group . his super car park will have two basement floors and six above ground , to include offices , bathrooms and three triple-bedroom flats for the drivers . though the site is already used for storing cars , angry neighbours are opposed to the car park being built , with one writing : ‘ mendip road has become the personal fiefdom of the drivers who work from the current car storage facility . ’ another , jane helm , 52 , said : ‘ this sounds like another example of an enormously wealthy foreigner making big plans without thinking much about local people who just want to live in peace . plans : the car park would have two basement floors and six storeys above ground if planning permission is granted . massive fleet : the sheik has 114 cars that he hopes to park in six-storey building by the thames . ' the last thing we want is a sheikh and his kids roaring in and out of a great big car park everyday . ‘ if it’s as bad as we think it’s going to be , the whole area will be spoilt . ’ plans for the land were submitted by smech management company , which is also behind the sheikh’s proposed 16-bedroom mansion in the scottish highlands . planning proposal : sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , one of the world’s richest men , is looking to build a six-storey car park to house his fleet . the planning application was approved by councillors at wandsworth borough council . no figure was given for the cost , but construction sources estimated it would cost about £4million to build up , three times as much to excavate the basements , and another ‘ couple of million’ for any finishing touches , making an estimated total of nearly £20million . however the source said : ‘that’s just the basic structure . obviously it will be a lot more if he’s planning to cover it in marble . ’ 