hibernian claimed their first edinburgh derby victory of the season as goals from jason cummings and farid el alagui sealed a 2-0 win over hearts and allowed them to collect a valuable three points in the push for second place in the championship . the leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance against the champions when cummings - a former youth player at tynecastle - found the net from close range after 30 minutes . hearts improved after the break but hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time with a cool finish from el alagui . hibernian goalscorer farid el alagui celebrates with liam craig following sunday 's 2-0 win over hearts . jason cummings ( left ) , who also found the back of the net , celebrates his goal with team-mate martin boyle . with the title wrapped up , hearts went into this match with only derby bragging rights at stake . on paper , the game meant more to promotion-chasing hibs and alan stubbs ' side fully deserved all the spoils . there was no guard of honour by hibs for their city rivals but the travelling fans were in full voice as the teams emerged from the tunnel , blasting out ' championees ' . edinburgh derbies are never short of passion and there was a coming together of adam eckersley and scott allan inside the first two minutes . no action was taken by referee kevin clancy even though hearts defender eckersley appeared to move his head towards allan 's . hibs settled the better of the two teams and created a handful of chances . on 12 minutes , fraser fyvie lifted a first-time curling effort over the crossbar from 18 yards before hearts full-back callum paterson headed the ball onto the top of his own bar from a teasing allan free-kick . hibs continued to press and neil alexander was forced into the first save of the game to push away a curling cummings effort at the edge of the area after the forward did well to create a yard of space up against danny wilson . hearts goalkeeper neil alexander watches on as cummings shot goes past him and into the back of the net . hibs finally got a tangible reward for their dominance on the half-hour mark when cummings put the home side in front . allan 's corner was only partially cleared and el alagui 's flick was slotted into the net by cummings from three yards . hearts head coach robbie neilson did not like what he was seeing and , in reverting to an orthodox 4-4-2 , replaced kevin mchattie with sam nicholson . but hibs created the next chance as the bar again came to hearts ' rescue . allan 's corner caused problems and liam fontaine cracked a superb left-footed volley off the woodwork . hearts made a brighter start to the second period and had a chance to test hibs goalkeeper mark oxley after jamie walker was tripped 20 yards from goal . but alim ozturk flashed a free-kick wide of the far post . walker then unleashed a venomous drive from 25 yards that was expertly tipped over by oxley . cummings is crongratulated by his team-mates as hibernian claimed a vital win in the race for second place . hearts were pressing but hibs wasted another great chance to add a second in the 67th minute through el alagui . allan 's corner was lifted back into the area by fontaine and the unmarked forward swung a tame left-footed volley at alexander from inside the six-yard box . hibs survived a goal-mouth scramble in the 74th minute that saw jordon forster make a great block to deny genero zeefuik . the hosts then went on a three-against-one counter-attack charge led by dominique malonga but the congo international selfishly hit the ball wide when martin boyle was in vast amounts of space at the edge of the area . hearts responded with an opening of their own but oxley did well to get down to osman sow 's low effort from 12 yards at his near post . hibs wrapped up the win in injury time when substitute franck dja djedje found el alagui in space and the marksman chipped the ball over alexander from close range .