nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain . not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . no wonder her male rivals are terrified . while in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies haircut and orthopaedic shoes – today she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders’ debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks . scroll down for video . nicola sturgeon ( left in 2001 ; right in 2015 ) is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain . not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership – a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity , topped and tailed with a krankies ( above ) haircut and orthopaedic shoes . her outfit made the male leaders’ dark suits seem as old as their arguments . she also eclipsed plaid cymru’s leanne wood ( too feminine ) and the greens’ natalie bennett ( too hemp ) . the hair . 2001 : i really don’t trust a woman who says she doesn’t have time to go to the hair salon , apply make-up , or steam the creases from her trousers ... now : gone is the fright wig , and in its place is a chic , choppy , youthful but not frivolous , golden halo of princess diana-like loveliness – a ray of sunshine that says this woman means business . she has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders’ debate last week , rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named scottish design label totty rocks . the accessories . 2001 : no one except the queen looks good with a brooch , seen here as a last-minute addition to stop its wearer appearing too bland . now : simple stud earrings and an under-stated watch avoid too much frivolity . i’d like her to carry a bag though . the diet . 2001 : i can hear female voters muttering , ‘ she didn’t have time to get her hair done , but she certainly found time to eat ! ’ sturgeon appears slow-moving and complacent . now : i can hardly believe this is the same woman : she appears confident , fit , and full of dynamic energy . here , sturgeon is all womanly curves and upright posture . the outfit . 2001 : this grey , rather maoist trouser suit by debenhams looks like an outsize school uniform . shapeless , boxy and designed to shroud rather than flatter , it is the ultimate wallflower’s wardrobe choice , not a style statement for a parliamentary candidate who wants to be noticed . now : the queen knows a bright colour means she can be spotted easily , and i love this spring green ( new leader , new shoots ! ) outfit by british label hobbs : a silk and cotton blend jacket , £189 , and a print dress , £149 . the length is spot-on , while bracelet sleeves stop a jacket becoming too masculine . the shoes . 2001 : these are the sort of shoes m & s does so well : navy , square and comfortable . we don’t want our politicians to be comfy , we want them to suffer ! sturgeon resembles a double-glazing salesperson at the annual works do . now : while somewhat passé in fashion circles , thanks to the duchess of cambridge , the flesh-nude lk bennett court shoe is nevertheless an eternally flattering choice that elongates the leg and emphasises a slender ankle .