the pictures show a caring sister helping her brother with his coat , giving him a kiss , and tenderly holding his hand as they play together . but while the scene looks idyllic , it is tinged with sadness , as joel wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short . the three-year-old , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy just six months ago after his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk . they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20 . now , they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible . joel wilkinson , five , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago , meaning his muscles will slowly waste away . his sister phoebe , five , adores him and cares for him as much as possible . joel will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 . phoebe plays only ' muscle friendly ' games that wo n't tire her brother out - and refuses to play games at school unless joel can join in . phoebe makes sure her brother is thoroughly looked after - she helps him put on his shoes , fasten up his coat ( left ) , fetches his cereal in the morning and plays with him in the garden ( right ) . thankfully joel 's big sister , phoebe , five , adores her brother and makes sure he is thoroughly looked after - she helps him put on his shoes , fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals in the morning . mrs wilkinson said : ' we were heart broken when we discovered that joel had such an awful terminal disease . ' we told phoebe as soon as joel was diagnosed that he had a problem with his muscles and that they 're weaker than normal . ' it was important she understood so they could play games that would n't tire him such as playing with toys and painting . ' we 've told them both that the doctors are trying to find a medicine to help . ' she now only plays `` muscle friendly '' games that do n't involve joel running around and getting extremely tired . ' phoebe loves her little brother so much and she even takes care of him when they are both at school as they share break times together . duchenne muscular dystrophy is an inherited disorder that causes progressive muscle weakness . it usually only affects boys ( around one in 3,500 ) , although girls can carry the defective gene . although not apparent at birth symptoms appear in early childhood . boys with duchenne 's will have difficulty with walking , jumping and climbing stairs . the disorder is diagnosed via a blood test and muscle tissue sample . sufferers are likely to need increasing help and treatments from the age of nine . walking becomes difficult and a wheelchair is usually needed by the age of 12 . as patients go through their teenage years they are more likely to suffer from complications such as chest infections . most most people with duchennes survive well into their 20s and sometimes longer . the eventual cause of death is usually a severe chest infection at the stage when lung function is already poor . ' she openly tells their friends that she wo n't join in with any games unless joel can keep up too . ' it 's such a relief knowing that she 's keeping an eye on him when i 'm not around . ' mr and mrs wilkinson found out their son joel had duchenne muscular dystrophy just before his third birthday last year . the condition affects around one in 3,500 and causes difficulties with movement , meaning a wheelchair is normally needed by the age of 12 . mrs wilkinson said she hopes there will be a scientific breakthrough before that point . she said : ' his only hope is that researchers have a breakthrough in time to save him and the hundreds of other boys who have this terrible disease . ' joel will lose the use of his legs first , leaving him wheelchair-bound , and then other muscles thereafter . eventually , his heart and lungs will fail . at first joel 's parents thought he was a late developer but when at six months he could n't sit and by two he could n't walk they knew something was seriously wrong . mrs wilkinson said : ' results from the blood test in july said he had muscle dystrophy , but it was n't until the end of september , after more tests , that we found out it was duchenne . ' the disease , which results in muscle degeneration , has already left joel unable to get up the stairs or walk long distances . mrs wilkinson added : ' joel struggles to stand up and despite only being three he looks like a little old man when he tries to get up . ' it 's an awful illness but we are going to ensure that joel has the best life and with phoebe 's help we know he 'll enjoy every second . ' phoebe will often clear away both of their toys so that her little brother does n't get too tired . ' she will help him put on his shoes , fasten his coat and even helps him with his cereals in the morning . ' when i tell them both to tidy up their toys phoebe will instantly stick up for him and say `` what about his weak muscles '' . emma wilkinson , 33 , and her husband chris , 36 , realised there was something wrong with their son when joel was n't developing properly . the family have now decided to make joel 's short life full of joy . as well as playing with her brother at home , phoebe looks after joel at school , spending break times with him . ' it 's adorable but he 's so spoilt . ' duchenne muscular dystrophy occurs mainly in boys and although it can be inherited it often occurs with no known family history of the condition . mrs wilkinson said this was the case for her and her husband , so they were shocked when joel was diagnosed . she said : ' we have no family history of the condition so it has been such a shock for us to come to terms with but that 's why we 've set up the joy for joel appeal . ' the family have set up at online fundraising website to ensure joel he gets the specialist treatment he needs to make his life as comfortable as possible . ' we need funds to help joel be as independent as possible when he grows up and so we can adapt our home , ' mrs wilkinson explained . ' when he 's older we will need a special hoist and a bedroom and wet room downstairs . ' until then , the family are focusing on creating as many memories as possible with joel while he has some muscle function . mrs wilkinson said : ' thanks to phoebe , joel has a constant play mate and she helps him ensure he gets the most out of the time he has being able to move his muscles . ' there is n't any medication joel can take that will slow down his muscle deterioration so we have to watch helplessly as he slowly becomes weaker . ' but we 're trying to keep positive and with the help of phoebe we are getting through it as a family . ' there is no cure for duchenne 's , nor any medication that can slow his muscle deterioration . but thanks to phoebe , joel has a constant playmate . often phoebe will clear up joel 's toys after they have played together so he does n't become to fatigued . ' it 's adorable but he 's so spoilt , ' mrs wilkinson said . mr wilkinson , who works in it development support at a logistics company , said : ' we can not put into words the heartache and devastation joel 's diagnosis is causing us . ' being unable to help , mend and protect your child is soul-destroying . ' the only thing we can do is bring joy to the time he has . ' families in a similar position can find support by contacting muscular dystrophy uk . robert meadowcroft , chief executive of the charity , said : ' hearing that your child has a rare muscle-wasting condition can be a huge shock for parents . ' families time and time again tell us about the importance of having a strong network in place . ' for many parents , family members and charities like muscular dystrophy uk , can play a major role in providing that much needed emotional support and practical help , throughout this journey . ' many families have told us how they are struck by the sense of acceptance and resilience that a sibling can display as their brother or sister gradually gets weaker . ' siblings can be very protective and supportive of each other , and will often find imaginative ways to play and have fun together despite mobility issues . ' this can be a huge source of comfort and reassurance for parents . ' to donate visit : http : //www.joyforjoel.co.uk .