he was once the most powerful man in the world , but former us president bill clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , hillary , decide to run for president . in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory . ' i 've told hillary that i do n't think i 'm good [ at campaigning ] anymore because i 'm not mad at anybody . i 'm a grandfather , and i got to see my granddaughter last night , and i ca n't be mad . ' he said . scroll down for video . back seat ? president clinton plans to stay out of the limelight if and when hillary clinton launches her expected run for president , he tells town and country magazine in a new interview . doting grandparents : the clintons had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild - a dream which came true last year when their daughter chelsea gave birth to baby charlotte ( pictured ) . undecided role : ' i 've told hillary that i do n't think i 'm good [ at campaigning ] anymore because i 'm not mad at anybody . i 'm a grandfather , and i got to see my granddaughter last night , and i ca n't be mad , ' he said . ' i think it 's important , and hillary does too , that she go out there as if she 's never run for anything before and establish her connection with the voters and that my role should primarily be as a backstage adviser to her until we get much , much closer to the election . ' the interview provides a rare inside look at the couple 's mindset ahead of a widely expected impending presidential announcement . according to reports , mrs clinton is currently in the process of preparing to launch her bid within the next two weeks , and she 's rumored to have already signed a lease for her campaign office in brooklyn . however , she has to officially declare as a candidate within the next two weeks if she is going to run . if mrs clinton is elected , the former president added that his wife ' would have to assess what she wants me to do ' . in addition to his new , calmer outlook on life , former president clinton may have other reasons for wanting to avoid playing an active part in his wife 's campaign . ready for more ? mrs clinton is widely expected to launch a bid within the next two weeks . looking back : the former president 's role in hillary 's 2008 campaign was reportedly a source of great tension in the clinton camp . according to reports at the time , his role in his wife 's 2008 campaign was a source of great tension in the clinton camp . many of his political advisers joined her campaign , and some of them did n't get on with mrs clinton 's staff . and this time around , mrs clinton is thought to be off on a good foot , holding a substantial lead over her fellow democrats , as well as a top spot in general election polling . mr clinton added that the couple has not discussed what her campaign – or her potential election – would mean for their philanthropic foundation . ' we might have to change the [ foundation ] rules again . but we have n't talked about that yet , and i do n't think we should , ' he said . ' you ca n't . it 's hard for any party to hang onto the white house for 12 years , and it 's a long road . a thousand things could happen . ' whatever occurs , mr clinton 's priority is to keep the foundation alive whether he 's running it or not . outspoken : the former president previously sparked controversy on his wife 's campaign trail , including with remarks about president obama 's 2008 campaign being a ' fairytale ' ahead of the south carolina primary . groundbreaking : mrs clinton has the chance to become the first female president in american history , which would make former president clinton as the ' first man ' . the bill effect : mrs clinton is ahead in the polls and it is thought that the democrats would like to see her run for the white house . the family is pictured at former president clinton 's second inauguration . the clinton foundation is running 3,100 projects around the world , affecting the lives of 430 million people . the former president has spoken about life as a grandfather and how watching baby charlotte grow has been ' a hoot ' . ' it 's amazing , ' mr clinton said on the ellen show towards the end of last year . ' hillary and i only have one child and she 's quite wonderful , but it 's been a long time since she 's been that age . ' meanwhile , daughter chelsea has said her parents are totally involved in their granddaughter 's life , all the way down to changing diapers . she told jimmy kimmel that they are embracing their new roles as grandma and grandpa clinton . ' they 're changing diapers , reading to her , helping her go to sleep at night , ' she said . ' it 's just been such a joy for me to watch them sort of rediscover that part of their lives and to watch them as grandparents . '