something odd is going on this year in goa - and it has to do with the rows of empty sunbeds . with the rouble in trouble , russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state . sorry to be mean , but it 's all too good to be true for the rest of us . blissful : agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa . the beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter , the accessories less shiny . my friend alex and i find direct flights for £348 return through thomson . on arrival , we head for ashvem beach , in the north , for three nights at yab yum resorts . our seaside accommodation , with en-suite bathroom , is chic and tucked away in palm trees . we 're paying £49 each for three nights . you wo n't find those prices in the caribbean . on the beach , goans peddling pedicures and sarongs smile and tell us we are ' very pale ' , adding : ' you wo n't stay that way for long . ' even without the russians , the beach is a hive of activity . there are yoga and pilates classes , massage sessions , trinket sellers , football kick-arounds , frisbee games , joggers . watching the sunset on arambol beach - ashvem 's neighbour - is spectacular , after which we take a ten-minute ride on a tuk-tuk taxi back to our hotel . goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year . and it retains something of its european flavour , a leftover from its days as a portuguese colony for 450 years . one of its greatest assets is the food . the ball 's in your court : goa has a famously relaxed ambience , and is a real favourite with tourists . you can eat famously here for no more than £20 a head . after a few days in the north , we take a two-and-a-half-hour taxi ( £27 ) to palolem in the south and fetch up at ciaran 's camp - a smattering of beach cottages costing £50 a night . it 's altogether livelier here , with music blaring and enough nightlife to keep the most earnest raver happy . agonda , a ten-minute drive away , is gloriously serene , with one solitary bar . its genial owner looks a little downcast . his displeasure is our fortune . which is to say that he hopes the rouble revives and the russians return . thomson ( 0203 451 2688 , www.thomson.co.uk ) and thomas cook ( 01733 224 800 , www.thomascook.com ) both fly direct to goa from £336 return . a standard cottage at yab yum resorts ( 0091 832 651 0392 , www.yabyumresorts.com ) costs from £35 a night b & b , and at ciaran 's ( 0091 832 264 3477 , www.ciarans.com ) from £40 a night . 