a week after 10 doctors urged columbia university to sever all ties with him , dr. oz has used his syndicated tv show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods . the celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics . ' the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites , ' said oz . scroll down for video . the celebrity doctor used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism he 's received is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified food . the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians . the doctors accused him of being a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' and as someone who ' has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine , as well as baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops ' . ' it 's ironic that i am being accused of a conflict of interest by these doctors , when , as you are about to see , some of them have their own conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also , ' he said on thursday 's show . a report followed revealing how some of the 10 doctors ' have big ties to big industry . ' four who signed the letter , including leader author henry miller , have at some point been associated with the american council on science and health . the organization has previously received grants from monsanto , who manufactures gmo seeds . ' they are rent-a-scientists , ' said gary ruskin , cofounder and the executive director of us right to know , of oz 's critics . thursday 's dr. oz show featured a report revealing how some of the 10 doctors ' have big ties to big industry ' . ' what henry miller does is he speaks on behalf of big corporations and he tells big lies on their behalf , ' said ruskin . during the almost half an hour defense of his reputation , oz also denied having it in for genetically modified foods . ' that is not true . i have never judged gmo foods . but just like 64 countries around the world , i support gmo labeling so you can decide on the foods for your family . ' another oz alley , joel fuhrman , said the doctors were n't ' representative of the medical profession . ' ' it 's ugly , ' he told oz . ' number one , they 're not representative of the medical profession . number two , it is not an attack just against you . it is an attack against all physicians , all health care professionals , all people who maybe do n't take a standard party line . ' oz also included a statement from the bmj , which he described as his harshest critic . ten doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position because he is a ' charlatan ' who promotes ' quack treatments ' . a bmj analysis of 40 random episodes of his show revealed that his recommendations were supported by evidence only 46 percent of the time . on thursday , oz shared a statement from the bmj that said the authors of the study were ' disappointed that the overwhelming commentary seems to be that our study somehow proves that dr oz or the doctors are quacks or charlatans or worse . ' our data in no way supports these conclusions . ' responding to the criticism that he promotes ' quack treatments ' , oz said his show 's purpose was ' not to talk about medicine ' but to discuss ' the good life . ' he told nbc news that the dr. oz show is actually ' not a medical show , ' but that he had decided to no longer use ' inflammatory ' words like ' miracle ' . ' the purpose is not to throw at you the biggest articles published by doctors that week . frankly it 's not very much fun to listen to [ those ] , either . it 's to have a conversation with people who may be feeling the way you feel right now and maybe got better . ' the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 . he has been hosting his health and wellness talk show since 2009 . dr miller had led the campaign against dr oz . ' he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . i think i know the motivation at columbia . ' they 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ' but the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' from left to right , dr phil mcgraw , financial advisor suze orman , host oprah winfrey , dr mehmet oz and interior designer nate berkus participate in the oprah winfrey show live from radio city music hall in 2010 . he told cbs news that ' a person who endangers patients and is a menace to public health should not be on the faculty of a prestigious medical institution ' . the nine other doctors from across the country included dr joel tepper , a cancer researcher from the university of north carolina school of medicine , and dr gilbert ross of the american council on science and health in new york city . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean of columbia 's faculties of health sciences and medicine . the physicians accused dr oz of pushing ' miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work . the doctors wrote that oz , for years a world-class columbia cardiothoracic surgeon , has ' misled and endangered ' the public . the letter read : ' he has manifested an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . ' thus , dr oz is guilty of either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . for more , visit extra online . the authors of the scathing communique took a particular issue with what they described as oz 's ' baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' cnn money and the new york times reported that some of the doctors opposing oz have strong ties to the gmo food industry , namely the advocacy group american council on science and health . dr miller , a researcher with a conservative think tank , has been a vocal proponent of genetically modified foods and has spoken out against mandatory labeling . dr oz insists that he is not opposed to gmos on principle but wants them to be properly labelled so that educated consumers would know exactly what is in their food . ' i do not claim that gmo foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world , ' he said in his statement friday . the new york ivy league school responded thursday , issuing a statement to the associated press saying only that the school ' is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . ' special interests : the authors of the letter took an issue with what they described as oz 's ' baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . ' the surgeon has been a vocal proponent of mandatory labeling of gmos , while some of his critics have been advocating for the gmo industry . dr oz first came to public attention as a frequent television guest of oprah winfrey . for the past five years , he 's been the host of the dr oz show . last year , he appeared before a us senate panel that accused him of endorsing products that were medically unsound . at the time , the doctor acknowledged some of the products he advised his viewers to use ' do n't have the scientific muster to present as fact . ' a show representative did not immediately return a call thursday from the ap seeking comment . as vice chairman of columbia 's surgery department , dr oz still occasionally teaches , said douglas levy , spokesman for the columbia university medical center . the controversy did not die down after his testimony . the company behind the'miracle ' diet supplement in question later agreed to pay a $ 3.5 million settlement over false advertising . a study that purported to prove the product 's weight-loss benefits turned out to be based on fraudulent data and was retracted .