vincent kompany believes that if manchester city are able to pick up a valuable three points away to rivals manchester united , then they can help ' rectify ' a disappointing season . manuel pellegrini 's side were given a torrid time by crystal palace on monday night , as their premier league title hopes were all but dashed and a place in the top two is all they have left to fight for . the city captain admits that the derby game is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side . vincent kompany ( left ) believes that a win against rivals manchester united will help rectify their season . manuel pellegrini is under pressure after a disappointing season and could be replaced in the summer . he said : ' a derby is a derby . it does n't matter what place you are in the league , it 's a derby . if anything , it 's a good moment to go into a derby . i guess the momentum is a little bit with our neighbours at the moment , but it 's the perfect place for us to go and try to rectify what we 've had . ' with speculation surrounding their manager pellegrini , it remains to be seen if he 'll still be in charge in the summer but kompany says that a strong finish will be key for them next season . ' my only concern is we get back to our best form , ' he added . ' i think it 's our general form that we have to improve . i 've learnt from the past seasons as well that finishing a season strongly can have an impact on your next season as well . in some funny way , it was n't even a bad game [ against palace ] . glenn murray terrorised the manchester city defence and opened the scoring despite being offside . kompany and his team-mates talk to referee michael oliver after the clearly offside goal was awarded . ' we are demanding with ourselves because we have to win , but you guys saw it . did they have a shot on goal except for set-pieces ? they are definitely a solid team . they are definitely a team who knows how to defend . ' they had a game plan so credit to them but , for us , it was n't a bad game in comparison with other games that we might have lost . it has a bit of a different feel to it maybe than the result at burnley . but a team like us needs results . '