a teenager had to close her mother’s shop to detain a shoplifter for three hours until police arrived – only for them to let her off with a caution . katie cope , 17 , said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave . let down : store owner eve cope with assistant , sol , who helped katie to detain the shoplifter . when police finally got to the vintage clothing store , they said the stolen knickers , which had been reduced to £1 , were not worth enough to prosecute . yesterday , katie and her mother eve cope , 60 , told of their fury at the police’s response and accused officers of giving a ‘ green light’ to shoplifters by merely cautioning the 66-year-old culprit . mrs cope , who has owned the baklash store in nottingham city centre for 33 years , was away when the thief struck last thursday . she said : ‘ i was really scared for the safety of my daughter . i do feel like the police let the shoplifter off . ‘ this must be the fifth time i have had to deal with a shoplifter in the last few years – on one occasion i was even assaulted and hit my head on the pavement outside the shop when i tried to stop a thief . ‘ the police asked me to drop the case against the girl responsible because she offered to apologise and pay for the shirt she stole . ’ katie said : ‘ it is a ridiculous situation . i could have been in trouble if the woman had reacted aggressively to being held in the shop . ‘i’m really disappointed with the police . letting this woman off just gives a green light to shoplifters . ’ a male shop assistant called sol was working with katie when she spotted the shoplifter leaving with a pair of knickers in her handbag . katie stopped the thief outside the shop at 2.50pm and led her back inside while sol dialled 101 – the police non-emergency number . katie said : ‘ i was not going to let her go . she didn’t apologise and when police eventually got here she lied about her age and her name three times . ’ officers arrived within nine minutes after mrs cope , pictured outside her store , made a formal complaint . when katie was still waiting for a police response three hours later , mrs cope rang to make a formal complaint and officers arrived nine minutes later , at 6.10pm . mrs cope said : ‘ they told us that because the underwear was only priced at £1 , they would not prosecute . ‘ i told them it wasn’t just the value of the knickers at play here , but the fact we had lost three hours of trade by having to close . they just told me i would have to pursue a civil case for damages against the thief if i wanted to take it further . ’ local councillor michael edwards called the incident ‘concerning’ . a spokesman for nottinghamshire police said : ‘ we aim to provide the best possible service to anyone who calls to report a crime , but in periods of high demand response times can be affected . ’ nottinghamshire police and crime commissioner paddy tipping said : ‘ i am sorry that the business in question had a problem . shoplifting is not as much of a problem as it used to be . ’ however , figures from crime data analysts , uk crime stats , showed that in nottingham there was a rise in shoplifting offences from 288 last february to 324 this february . 