a three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by her family 's pet dog at their home . the toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in neyland , pembrokeshire . she was playing in the garden on thursday afternoon when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog ' gripping ' the three-year-old by her head . a three-year-old girl was airlifted to morriston hospital ( pictured ) in swansea after being mauled in the face by her family 's pet dog . they wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull . her injuries were so severe that she had to be airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea 60 miles away and her family are currently at her bedside . the dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed . a dyfed powys police spokesman said : ' the incident occurred inside the family home and was by all accounts an attack that came completely out of the blue . newborn eliza-mae mullane ( pictured ) was killed by an alaskan malamoute in march 2014 . ' the dog had not been left unsupervised with the little girl and if it had not been for the fast actions of a family member , her injuries could have been far more serious . ' police have thoroughly looked into this matter and are satisfied that this was a very unfortunate incident that no one could have foreseen . there will be no further investigation . ' she sustained head injuries and was conveyed to morriston hospital in swansea by air ambulance . her condition is not life threatening . ' following the police response to the incident , the dog was safely contained and taken to a local vet . ' in accordance with the wishes of the family the dog was destroyed . ' a six-day-old baby girl was killed by an alaskan malamoute 40 miles away in the village of pontyberem , carmarthenshire in march 2014 . eliza-mae mullane was pulled from her pram and bitten by the family 's pet dog at her home , an inquest heard . neighbours heard the baby 's mother sharon john , 42 , scream : ' the dog ate my baby 's head ' , after discovering her body next to the dog called nisha . alaskan malamute are not a banned breed under the dangerous dogs act . they were originally bred as sled dogs for work in the arctic , but are now popular as family pets . the alaskan malamute club of the united kingdom describes the breed as an ' affectionate , friendly , loyal , devoted companion ' on its website . it says an ideal alaskan malamute is ' heavily boned , powerfully built ' . the alaskan malamute ( not pictured ) was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed . 