a mother sat in anguish yesterday as she heard how her two children died because of three blunders by staff maintaining a gas boiler at the holiday hotel . sharon wood listened intently as the details of how they were killed by fumes at the four-star corfu hotel were outlined at an inquest . christianne shepherd , seven , and her brother robert , six , were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler as a ‘ happy and relaxed’ family holiday in corfu ended in ‘ appalling tragedy’ . christi shepherd , seven , ( left ) and her brother bobby , six , ( right ) died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in october 2006 . their father neil shepherd – who is mrs wood’s ex-husband – and his partner ruth beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid , along with the bodies of the children . the couple recovered after emergency treatment . yesterday , mrs wood , 44 , sat in silence as the details of her children’s final hours were related to the inquest jury at wakefield coroner’s court , nine years after the tragedy . scenes of the youngsters playing together were shown on a large screen as the background was outlined . commenting on the inquest – which has been delayed partly because of ongoing legal proceedings – coroner david hinchliff said : ‘ the family of these children have waited a long , long time for this day . ’ the jury was told how mr shepherd had booked the £2,000 holiday to the greek island with thomas cook . the family were put in a bungalow at the louis corcyra beach hotel . on the third day of the trip in october 2006 , christi felt ‘unwell’ and bobby tripped and fell after feeling dizzy . mr hinchliff said they went to bed at 11.30pm . in the night mr shepherd , now 46 , went to his daughter when she was heard crying and miss beatson , who is now his wife , went to bobby who was ‘whimpering’ . their father , neil shepherd , and his girlfriend ruth beatson , ( together , left ) who he has since married , were also almost killed by the fumes . pictured right is the children 's ' mother sharon wood , with her husband paul . the bungalow at the four-star corcyra beach hotel in corfu , where bobby and christi had been staying with their father and his girlfriend . the bungalow is taped off and examined following the discovery of the children 's bodies in october 2006 . tests showed the family had suffered carbon monoxide poisoning . the cause was identified as the gas-fired hot water boiler in an outhouse next to the bedrooms . thomas magner , a boiler expert hired to investigate by thomas cook , discovered the boiler covered in rust from water leakage . he identified a series of blunders , the inquest heard . the boiler had been installed without a ‘chimney’ or flue to take out unwanted fumes . second , a ‘ protection device’ designed to cut out the boiler if it overheated had been disabled as late as the day before the tragedy , to avoid a worker having to come and relight the boiler when it was tripped off , the inquest heard . third , a crude hole in the outhouse internal wall enabled fumes to pass into the bedrooms . the hole has been made for air conditioning pipes , but had not been sealed . there was also a water leak which caused the boiler to work longer and dangerous gases to build up . the leak should have been obvious from the rust but it was not fixed . mr magner said tests showed a ‘massive’ concentration of carbon monoxide and the children were hardest hit because their room was closest to the source . commenting on the workmanship , mr hinchliff asked : ‘ was it bodged or botched ? ’ mr magner replied : ‘ you would say it was bodged . ’ the inquest was told problems with the boiler were first reported five months earlier . boilers at the hotel had been installed about eight years before the tragedy and evidence indicated dangerously faulty boilers throughout the site . the family were initially not supposed to have been staying in the bungalow but were switched to number 112 because the room they were allocated was unsuitable . the inquest heard 112 had become available because the previous occupants had become unwell and were detained in hospital for tests and treatment . no further details were revealed . the hearing continues . mr and mrs wood with mr and mrs shepherd , pictured in 2006 . the two couples are on good terms and have battled for the facts of the case to be heard in the uk . the inquest jury was told that the family arrived at their hotel on october 23 2006 , and they were initially offered a room in the main block because there was a problem with the accommodation they had booked . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .