teenage girls do better in single sex schools as they can focus on their work rather than impressing boys , a leading headmistress says . rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire reportedly said that a ' boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex , who are known to mature slower . she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ' highly sexualised world ' and allow them to ' remain girls for longer . ' ' my wide educational experience in both mixed and girls ' schools has shown me clearly that girls are best served educationally in their teenage years in a boy-free work environment , ' she said according to the telegraph . rhiannon wilkinson , the head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire , pictured , claims a ' boy free ' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work . she added : ' in co-ed environments lots of girls when adolescence kicks want to be liked by boys not just for their intelligence and want to be popular with boys . but she said in all girl environments pupils are ' free from that , ' according to the telegraph . two years ago scientists at newcastle university found that girls really do mature faster than boys . they discovered that as the brain matures it begins to ' prune ' information that is stored and focus on what is important . tony little , head at eton college , has previously said that single sex schools allow children to retain their ' innocence ' . for girls this can happen as early as 10 years old , but for boys it can take until between 15 and 20 for the same . tony little , the head of eton college , has also spoken of the benefits of single sex schools . he said they allow children to retain their ' innocence ' and be ' themselves ' for longer . ' what does strike me is that in a single-sex environment , particularly at the age of 13 , 14 , 15 , there is an opportunity for both boys and girls to be themselves for longer . to be ' boyish ' for longer , to be young girls , ' he said , according to the bbc . boys could also benefit from being taught separately . statistics have shown that boys often lag behind girls at both gcse and a-level and are much less likely to apply to university . alun jones , the first male president of the girls ' schools association , has previously called for teenage boys to be taught in single sex classes in state schools . mr jones , who is also a schools inspector , said : ' if you have a very bright , very driven , very focused , very articulate lady , which a lot of girls are , that intimidates a boy in the classroom , especially boys of average ability . ' the result is that boys do n't put their hands up to answer questions or they indulge in immature behaviour to avoid being shown up . boys are falling behind as girls are doing better . '   