she has a reputation for being a ‘ pushy parent’ and with some newly acquired dance moves under her belt , she might have been expected to muscle in . but it emerged yesterday that when andy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night , judy murray was strictly on the sidelines . the former star of strictly come dancing – who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts – left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel , following their wedding at dunblane cathedral in the afternoon . scroll down for video . love match : andy and kim after the ceremony at dunblane cathedral ( left ) . judy murray ( pictured right during strictly come dancing ) says she is ' terrible ' at dancing . as judy’s mother , shirley erskine , 80 , left the venue , she admitted the wedding of andy , 27 , to his long-term girlfriend kim sears , also 27 , had been ‘fantastic’ and ‘wonderful’ . she added : ‘we’ve just all been up there together and everybody’s parting in dribs and drabs , so we’re on the way home . ’ but neither she , nor andy’s grandfather roy , were able to recall what the couple’s first dance was . mr erskine , 83 , said : ‘ it was something with music anyway . they actually did go out for the first dance . ’ they also confirmed that mrs murray did not take to the dance floor first and let the bride and groom lead the evening’s festivities at cromlix , the luxury hotel bought by andy in 2013 for £1.8million , and where his brother had also held his wedding reception . mrs erskine also said that the newlyweds would not be going on honeymoon ‘ until later’ in the year . the bride dazzled in a pretty flowing silk chiffon gown by designer jenny packham , while her husband opted for traditional scots dress to tie the knot . and as for the mother-of-the-groom , 55-year-old mrs murray wore a white dress coat , which was belted at the waist . just a few hours earlier , she was resplendent in a stunning white dress coat and eye-catching hat . but the morning after her younger son’s wedding , judy murray had slipped into something more comfortable – her favoured old blue tracksuit . the morning after her younger son’s wedding , judy murray had slipped into something more comfortable – her favoured old blue tracksuit . after admitting to focusing more on her outfits following her appearance on strictly come dancing last year , mrs murray , 55 , broke with tradition on saturday by wearing a white coat , the same colour , as the stunning jenny packham gown worn by bride , kim sears . but it was back into the sports gear when she left cromlix house yesterday . beneath , mrs murray opted for a nude pencil skirt and lace top as well as a hat by scottish milliner william chambers that resembled an oversized fascinator . in an interview last year to promote her appearance on the hit bbc show strictly , mrs murray said that despite raising two tennis stars – her son , jamie , 28 , is a wimbledon doubles champion – she is not a pushy parent . she said : ‘i’ve definitely been pigeon-holed as pushy and overbearing but if you ask any of my friends or family , i’m all about having fun . ‘ my children would tell you exactly the same . ’ and although she admitted to being a terrible dancer , she said she ‘ absolutely loved’ the programme and being part of the competition.she added : ‘i’m terrible , i don’t know if it’s my age but i just can’t remember the steps . ’ mrs murray , 55 ( pictured left with will murray ) broke with tradition on saturday by wearing a white coat , the same colour as the stunning jenny packham gown worn by bride , kim sears ( right ) . the bride and groom were cheered and showered with confetti as the left the cathedral in andy’s hometown after the 45-minute ceremony , which went ahead smoothly despite earlier showers of hail and snow . hundreds of well-wishers had gathered outside to catch a glimpse of the happy couple . clearly unable to contain his excitement in the run-up to his love match , andy had posted a tweet to his 2.98million followers which showed his plans for the day – through the use of emojis . he tweeted an umbrella , a picture of a church , a ring , a kiss , cake , drinks including beer , cocktails and wine and ending with hearts , a face blowing a kiss and several zzzz icons for sleep . meanwhile , judy earlier expressed some apprehension over the weather , initially tweeting , ‘ hailstones . marvellous , ’ and then : ‘ snowing . white wedding . ’