passengers hoping to make a short domestic flight friday were trapped on the tarmac at an airport for six hours with only one bathroom between them . men , women and children who boarded a united express flight from kansas city , missouri , to denver , colorado , were instead diverted to colorado springs due to bad weather . the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway . scroll down for video . stuck : passengers headed from kansas city to denver were rerouted due to bad weather - and left sat on the tarmac for six hours at colorado springs airport . stuck : the flight was stuck on the tarmac from early friday morning until after lunchtime . pictured above are several united express planes waiting . the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway . according to local news station koaa , those aboard flight 4934 , which was being operated by republic airlines , were finally taken to their destination by bus . in accordance with federal law the airline gave people the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours . but passengers were told that if they got off , that would be the end of their trip and they would have to give up on connecting flights and make their own way from colorado springs . trapped : pictured is kathie ridings , one of the passengers who was stuck at colorado springs . according to those on board , virtually everyone chose to stay on the plane . in the mean time , passengers told how the short-haul flight 's meager supplies of crackers and water dwindled , while the single bathroom became ' foul ' and ran out of necessary supplies . a republic spokesman told dailymail.com : ' passengers were offered the opportunity to deplane , despite several erroneous media reports . ' republic eventually cancelled the flight , and the company repositioned another aircraft so passengers could continue on to their destination . ' further , united was reaching out to customers to offer compensation . republic apologizes for the inconvenience , but as always , the safety of our customers and crew is always our number one priority ' .  