no need to call the cops , the three men caught on camera smoking marijuana in an entertaining new video are actually former police offers themselves - and , of course , the substance that they 're lighting up is completely legal . recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year , the video , created by youtube channel cut , sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong , before offering their thoughts , both funny and thoughtful , on the controversial substance . ' it 's like the last piece of prohibition , ' says robert , 73 , who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before performing criminal justice training for another decade . ' i think it should be legal [ and ] i think it should be more widely available for medical reasons . ' scroll down for video . doobie discussions : former police officers rene , left , robert , center , and david , right , discuss marijuana while smoking from a bong in a new video produced by cut . released on april 20 , which is affectionately referred to as 420 , a day widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high , the video shows the three men smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug , eating snacks , and playing games , including crude card game cards against humanity . ' i tried it once and i tell you , i was on a waterbed with a very agreeable woman and listening to rhapsody in blue , which i know lasts for about 18 minutes and 40 seconds , and it lasted for , oh hell , two or three hours , ' says robert . david , who served as a reserve police officer from 1997 to 2004 , says he smoked for the first time at the age 14 , but stopped for a while afterward because he got caught . ' the last time i smoked was probably in 1968 when i was in college , ' says rene , 67 , who was on the force from 1970 to 1997 . celebrating 420 : the video was released on april 20 , which is regarded by many smokers as the national day to get high . they 've got the munchies : the three ex-cops snacked on chips and cookies while they smoked and talked for several hours . in between bong hits and self-administered field sobriety tests , the trio debates the dangers and benefits of using marijuana . rene says that one argument for legalizing the drug is knowing what you 're getting when you buy it ; he explains that when people get it on the street , they do n't always know what their marijuana has been cut with . sometimes it can be mixed with more dangerous substances . while they disagree on whether it 's a gateway drug - robert notes that every heroin addict started out drinking milk , implying that it 's difficult to link the use of one product to another - they all seem to agree that legal repercussions for using marijuana do more harm than good . ' it costs more to put someone in prison than it does to send someone to harvard , ' says robert , suggesting that sending people to prison for marijuana possession or distribution is a wasteful drain on society . ' as far as i can remember , i never arrested anyone for it , but i took a lot of pot away from people and threw it away in front of them , ' says rene , adding that he thought that his personal punishment was a bigger deterrent than writing them a citation . pot partakers : rene , left , says he never wrote a criminal citation to someone with marijuana , but would throw out their drugs in front of them ; while he served , it was illegal in every state . special cause : the video links to shona banda 's gofundme page , which is raising money for the kansas mother 's legal defense ; her 11-year-old son was taken away from her for discussing medical marijuana . at one point , the interviewer tells the former officers that some people report feeling sexually aroused when they smoke . ' i 'm 73 years old , i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about ! ' answers robert . ' it 's been so long since i 've made love , i ca n't remember who ties up whom ! ' while the ex-cops ' cracks are certainly meant to elicit laughs , the video also aims to promote the gofundme page of activist shona banda . the kansas mother 's 11-year-old son was taken away from her late last month when , during a drug discussion at his school , he extolled the benefits of medical marijuana . shona , who used cannabis oil to treat her crohn’s disease , is now raising money for her legal fees .