they gave us sanitation , wine , aqueducts and roads , but it seems the romans also gave us one more addition to the list - tuberculosis . researchers have isolated bacterial dna of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of vác in hungary . they found 14 different strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source . mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann ( above ) found in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary , were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis by the researchers . they say the strains of tb they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period . professor mark pallen , a geneticist at warwick university who led the work , said : ' by showing that historical strains can be accurately mapped to contemporary lineages , we have confirmed the genotypic continuity of an infection that has ravaged the heart of europe since prehistoric times . ' historians have long taught that native american populations were almost wiped out by diseases such as tuberculosis , brought to the new world by european explorers . but a new theory suggests the arrival of seals and sea lions could in fact be to blame . scientists believe the marine animals brought the disease to south america where it spread - long before christopher columbus arrived in 1492 . while estimates vary , it is thought that 95 per cent of the 20 million people living in the americas before the europeans arrived were killed by ‘new’ diseases carried by explorers . anthropological geneticists anne stone of arizona state university and johannes krause of the university of tubingen in germany have studied pre-columbian mycobacterial tuberculosis genomes . the team examined tb dna from 1,000-year-old skeletons found in peru as well as other samples and compared them to modern genomes . they found a clear relationship to tb lineages in animals - especially seals and sea lions . the study , which is published in the journal nature communications , used samples taken from the mummified remains of 26 people who had been buried in a cyrpt of vác 's dominican church during the 18th century . workers attempting to restore the church stumbled on the remains of nearly 200 people in the crypt in 1994 . the bodies had become naturally mummified in the exceptionally dry air . the bodies , many of whom had been wealthy catholics , had been placed in the crypt fully clothed and in coffins between 1731 and 1838 . walled up and forgotten for about 150 years , the coffins were discovered when a construction worker tapped on a wall during renovation work . part of the wall gave way to reveal coffins decotrated with skulls and stacked from floor to ceiling . the researchers found that eight of the 26 bodies they examined showed signs that they had died of tuberculosis , five of whom had suffered from multiple strains . it is the first evidence that mixed infections of multiple strains of tb were common in the 18th century . the researchers found that all of the strains belonged to a lineage of tuberculosis bacteria known as lineage 4 , which still causes more than a million tb cases a year in europe and america . by analysing the dna from these bacteria , the researchers were able to trace back the evolutionary history of the different strains they found by looking for genetic changes that had occurred . tuberculosis is caused by the bacteria mycobacterium tuberculosis . the researchers found several different . the mummies were discovered during restoration work at the dominican church in vác , hungary ( above ) . they found that they all seemed to stem from a single strain of tuberculosis that was in existence between 396ce-470ce . the roman dating supports recent scientific estimates that tuberculosis first emerged about 6,000 years ago , although some have suggested the disease is tens of thousands of years old . writing in the journal , the researchers said : ' phylogenetic dating places the most recent common ancestor of this lineage in the late roman period . ' our dating is consistent with evidence that a strain containing the pks15/1 deletion was present in britain by the second–fourth centuries ce . ' the findings also suggest that at the time when the mummies died , tb was already raging in europe and killing large numbers of people even before urbanisation and crowded housing created devastating epidemics . the dry climate in the crypt preserved the bodies and clothing of the people placed there in the 18th century . the church where the mummies were found is in vác in the pest region of northern hungary ( shown above ) . professor pallen , who conducted the work along with researchers at the university birmingham , university college london , the hebrew university in jerusalem and the hungarian natural history museum in budapest , said : ' microbiological analysis of samples from contemporary tb patients usually report a single strain of tuberculosis per patient . ' by contrast , five of the eight bodies in our study yielded more than one type of tuberculosis - remarkably , from one individual , we obtained evidence of three distinct strains . ' dr gemma kay , the first author of the study , added that their analysis had revealed some of the tragic toll the disease was having at the time . she said : ' poignantly , we found evidence of an intimate link between strains from in a middle-aged mother and her grown-up daughter , suggesting both family members died from this devastating infection . '