sheriff 's deputies undressed the body of a 20-year-old car crash victim then took inappropriate nude photos of her at the side of the road , her mother has claimed . christina mejia first outlined her accusations in a lawsuit filed against the cook county sheriff 's office in illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week . her daughter , jessica mejia , was killed in the early hours of december 31 , 2009 when her ex-boyfriend , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole . when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from mejia 's dead body and took photographs of her , according to the lawsuit . scroll down for video . heartbroken : christina mejia is pictured talking about her daughter jessica , who was killed in a car crash in 2009 . she is suing the responding deputies for stripping her daughter nearly naked and taking photos . loss : jessica mejia , 20 , was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend smashed their car into a pole in 2009 . the young woman had been wearing a white t-shirt , jeans and high-heeled shoes but was photographed wearing just her lower undergarment , according to the chicago tribune . by doing so , the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim 's family , they say . ' this was a young lady that just died and was treated with less dignity than a deer carcass you find on the side of the road , ' family attorney don perry told the tribune . mrs mejia added that the photos had left her feeling ' violated ' and she accused the deputies ' actions of perpetuating false rumors that the car had crashed because her daughter was on top of sord . ' ( people ) think my daughter died from having sex , not from somebody being drunk and killing her , ' the heartbroken mother told the tribune . ' by the time everybody else got to the scene ... she was partially naked because they made her naked . so the rumors , and the allegations ... they made it believable . ' but the sheriff 's office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict sord . they called the images ' standard operating procedure ' . locked up : nicholas sord , left , was sentenced to 56 months in prison for the deadly crash . mejia 's family filed a lawsuit against the sheriff 's office for taking the photos and the trial will begin next week . ' the family suffered an unimaginable loss , and the crime scene photos were taken as our officers investigated this crime and were instrumental in securing a conviction against the person responsible for this tragic death , ' spokeswoman cara smith said . ' in no way were these photos intended to cause harm to the family . ' sord , whose blood alcohol level was .236 per cent when he smashed his mercedes suv into a pole , pleaded guilty to drunken driving last fall and was sentenced to 56 months in prison . sord was a business partner with former chicago blackhawks player denis savard and is the son of bryan sord , a prominent developer and restaurateur . he and mejia had dated but had broken up months before the crash . mejia was studying psychology at the university of illinois at chicago when she died .