police are investigating claims by a former royal footman that palace aides tried to force him into an orgy , it was revealed yesterday . christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s . police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman that clarence house aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s . but his complaints were ignored for months before the police were finally notified , he claims . mr lawler , now 64 , said the attempted abuse at the queen mother’s london residence happened in january 1978 when he was 27 . he said he was accosted after he walked into a bedroom to look for a pen on his first shift . two men offered him a drink before two other men joined them – one a senior member of staff , he said . he was asked if he was gay before a younger man took his trousers off and began performing a sex act on himself . ‘ that prompted another guy to put his hand on my leg and then he grabbed me , ’ he told the sunday people . ‘ i was staggered . the younger man then came up behind me and gripped me , holding me in the chair . mr lawler worked at clarence house when the queen mother used it as her london residence . ‘ they were trying to undo my trousers but i managed to jump up and burst out of the room . ’ afterwards , mr lawler said he was followed by two men and threatened to keep quiet . a complaint he made that day allegedly drew an angry response from clarence house – so he packed his bags immediately . mr lawler , a former port of liverpool police officer , said he was ‘haunted’ by the incident for years . after hearing about the probe into historical cases of child abuse last year he wrote to the palace , but was twice rebuffed . months later the complaint was finally passed to scotland yard . a retired royal aide , who is now in his 80s , was reportedly interviewed but denied he was involved because he was working for the queen in balmoral at the time . mr lawler has now been told by the palace that the royal household would work ‘ exhaustively and co-operatively’ with any police probe . a police spokesman said it would be inappropriate to comment ‘ as investigations continue’ . 