these are the shocking images of a pet owner 's squalor living conditions in adelaide , where he raised his three cats . in what has been described as a ' confronting case of animal cruelty ' , photos were released by rspca south australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare . the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . these are the shocking images of a pet owner 's squalor living conditions in adelaide , where he raised his three cats . in what has been described as a ' confronting case of animal cruelty ' , these photos were released by rspca south australia on tuesday . the rspca seized the owner 's cats in september and further requested to have them all surrendered in their care , the advertiser reports . however the owner , who 's identity has not been revealed , was granted to have two of his cats returned under the rspca 's supervision . the animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat . the case was finalised in the christies beach magistrates court , southern adelaide , on tuesday . the owner was further ordered to pay $ 500 in compensation . rspca south australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in september . the pet owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . the cats suffered from high-temperatures , flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues when they were found at the property , according to the rspca . but this is n't an isolated case as the chief inspector of rspca south australia , andrea lewis , told the advertiser that in the past year they have received more than 1000 similar reports . ' sadly , rspca inspectors and rescue officers are faced with conditions similar to those in this case on a regular basis , ' ms lewis said . ' they work incredibly hard to remove animals from these conditions , and to provide them with the care they deserve . ' ms lewis urged anyone with information about animal cruelty to call 1300 477 722 or report it online .