a middle school teacher is recovering in hospital in new york after being viciously assaulted by one of her student 's mothers and the woman 's 14-year-old niece . the incident occurred wednesday afternoon at alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead . police say the parent , annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , catherine engelhardt . mckenzie believed engelhardt had ' put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day , according to abc 7 . scroll down for video . attacked and left unconscious : this photo , taken inside alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york , on wednesday , shows math teacher catherine engelhardt knocked out following the assault . charged : police say annika mckenzie , 34 , attacked engelhardt because she believed the teacher had ' put her hands ' on her daughter . she has been charged with second-degree assault and second-degree strangulation . engelhardt refused to speak with mckenzie , telling her to first get a security pass . a fight then ensued . authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall , placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor . several students also became involved in the attack , including mckenzie 's 14-year-old niece . another teacher was able to break up the melee and attend to engelhardt . she was unconscious for several minutes and rushed to winthrop university hospital . engelhardt , a mother and teacher of 20 years , has since been released and is recovering at home ' in a lot of pain ' , according to newsday . scene : the attack occurred wednesday afternoon about 2pm at alverta b . gray schultz middle school in hempstead . a group of teachers had previously come forward saying they were worried about safety . speaking from her home to abc 7 , engelhardt said she has long feared for her safety at the school . ' it 's not like i thought a parent would do something , but i knew something violent was going to happen , ' she told the network . ' i 've warned ( the school ) time and again that the children have no respect for adults . ' yes , i fear for my safety . they ca n't control the kids . ' the attack was caught on the school 's security cameras and the tapes were turned over to police . police said they received the 911 call about 2 pm . mckenzie and her niece were arrested at the scene . both were charged with second-degree assault on school grounds , a felony , while mckenzie was also charged with second-degree strangulation . in court : annika mckenzie , 34 , has been charged with second-degree assault on school grounds , a felony , and second-degree strangulation in connection with an assault on a teacher at hempstead 's alverta b . gray schultz middle school . she appeared in first district court in hempstead without an attorney on thursday . bail was set at $ 5,000 cash or $ 7,500 bond , but it is unclear if she posted . hempstead classroom teachers association president elias mestizo acknowledged that many staff have voiced their concerns about safety . 