samantha cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a ukip stronghold . the prime minister 's wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer . david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless 's ' fat arse ' out of the commons , and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial kent battleground . scroll down for video . samantha cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election with a provocative visit to a ukip stronghold . mrs cameron joined tory candidate kelly tolhurst for a visit to abbey court school in rainham , kent . mrs cameron met mitchell , aged four , at the abbey court school in rainham , a special school for three to 19-year-olds . she also spoke to five-year-old jessica at the school , which aides said was ' very close to her heart ' . mrs cameron 's first solo appearance three days into the campaign will be seen as a statement of intent from the conservatives , who are desperate to wrest the seat back from ukip following the by-election . visiting a special school in the constituency , she joked that she was pleased that her campaigning duties did not stretch to a live tv debate . mr cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night with the leaders of labour , lib dems , ukip , greens , snp and plaid cymru . mrs cameron told reporters : ' he does n't seem too nervous but i 'm very glad it 's him doing it and not me . ' when mr reckless defected from the tories last year , the prime minister launched an extraordinary attack on his betrayal . mr cameron argued that committed volunteers have ‘ knocked on doors , stuffed envelopes , licked stamps to get his fat arse on the commons benches , and this is how he repays them’ . but after the conservatives threw the kitchen sink at the by-election triggered by his decision to join ukip , mr reckless held it with a majority of 2,920 . tory sources said it remains a ' key seat ' and mrs cameron was keen to support miss tolhurst who is a ' great local candidate ' . mrs cameron is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions , after using a bbc interview last month to back her husband 's bid to remain as prime minister . tory sources said it remains a ' key seat ' and mrs cameron was keen to support tory kelly tolhurst who is a ' great local candidate ' . mrs cameron is expected to make a series of more stridently political interventions , after using a bbc interview last month to back her husband 's bid to remain as prime minister . she said : ' he 's definitely for my mind the best man for the job . ' i hope that me and the family help him to keep things in perspective - keep him grounded - help him to pace himself over the next eight weeks . ' miss tolhurst who stood against mr reckless at the rochester and strood by-election in november . she greeted mrs cameron as she arrived for the visit to abbey court school in rainham , kent . mrs cameron wore a cos raspberry coloured blouse and a blue skirt from toast , teamed with navy shoes from zara . she met head teacher karen joy as she toured the site for three to 19-year-olds with special educational needs , which aides said was ' very close to her heart ' . mark reckless defected from the tories to ukip last summer . after the conservatives threw the kitchen sink at the subsequent by-election , mr reckless held it with a majority of 2,920 . in september , mr reckless followed douglas carswell to become the second conservative to defect to ukip . the turncoat mp was unrepentant about his defection , insisting the tories had broken promises on immigration and reducing the deficit . senior conservatives reacted with fury . party chairman grant shapps used the opening speech of the tory conference to mount a sustained attack on mr reckless , declaring : ‘ he lied and lied and lied again . ’ mr cameron has admitted that the pressures of wooing voters means their regular date nights will have to be put on hold . he told the sunday telegraph : ' i think that will probably be a bit testing . i think there wo n't be much time for some of those things . ' samantha 's going to be on the campaign trail with me . she has also got other things she has to do , including making sure the children make it to school every day . ' in november 's by-election , mr reckless won 42 per cent of the vote , ahead of kelly tolhurst on 35 per cent . prime minister david cameron and chancellor george osborne today visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton . the tory power couple were filmed together at the weekend during a visit to salford 's royal hospital in greater manchester . speaking to a patient , they discussed their many hospital visits with son ivan , who died in 2009 . the pm said : ' when our son was very ill , we often went into hospital and it is very difficult to get out at the weekend . ' mrs cameron added : ' on a friday , if we thought there was any chance that we could get home , i was like : ' we 've got to get out this afternoon ' . ' 