a teddy bear mascot owned by a celebrated battle of britain fighter pilot who carried it in his spitfire cockpit has gone on sale for £10,000 . flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every spitfire and defiant flight he took to defend britain from the aerial onslaught from hitler 's luftwaffe . the pilot gave his teddy , named beaumont bear , a raf tie and printed the royal crest , the letters am for air ministry and his nickname ' bea ' on his chest . flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his treasured teddy bear mascot on every flight , pictured together in the cockpit of a boulton paul defiant . fl lt beaumont was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 second world war battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck . he was known as one of ' the few ' , which comes from winston churchill 's famous phrase : ' never , in the field of human conflict , was so much owed by so many to so few . ' when fl lt beaumont died aged 87 in 1997 , his bear - suffering from a little wear and tear - was passed to his family . it is now being tipped to sell for an estimated £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams auctioneers on behalf of a private collector . the teddy , named beaumont bear ( left ) , is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams . fl lt beaumont 's uniform ( right ) is also up for sale for £2,000 . tom lamb , a specialist in military history at bonhams , said : ' the life of an raf pilot in the summer of 1940 was marked by great physical danger and mental strain . ' of the 3,000 airmen who served in this period , over one sixth were killed in combat . ' teddy bears became popular mascots and helped to bolster the resolve of men engaged in a conflict where survival seemed a matter of luck as much as of skill . ' this particular bear called beaumont bear once belonged to flight lieutenant stephen beaumont , a 30-year old spitfire pilot in the battle of britain . ' he flew numerous sorties with the bear in his cockpit . ' flight lieutenant beaumont survived the war and died at the age of 87 . his bear has lived on and if it could speak it surely would have some amazing stories of dog fights , sorties and close shaves . ' if it were just a normal bear it would be almost worthless but this one could go . fl lt beaumont was aged 30 when his squadron commander , 26-year-old george darley , removed him from combat duties midway through the battle of britain because of his ' advancing age ' . beaumont , a solicitor before the war , was furious at the time . the battle of britain was the german air force 's attempt to gain air superiority over the raf , pictured is a german messerschmitt 109 shot down in raids over ramsgate . he became an instructor , teaching young pilots the skills they would need to fly spitfires and hurricanes in dogfights against the luftwaffe . he quickly rose through the ranks to the wing commander before helping plan the aerial assault aspect of the d-day invasions . in 1945 he beaumont was honoured for his outstanding contribution to the war effort by being made an obe . mr lamb said : ' the teddy bear followed beaumont in his new duties as an instructor and flight commander at an operational training unit . ' there he distinguished himself in training hurricane and spitfire pilots , before eventually assisting in the preparations for d-day in the role of deputy air officer administration . ' after the war fl lt beaumont , who was a solicitor before the war and was educated at oxford university , returned to his home town of wakefielfd , west yorks , and took a string of administrative roles including becoming the city 's deputy coroner . in 1967 he was appointed deputy lieutenant for the west riding of yorkshire , and in 1979 high sheriff of west yorkshire . he retired to devizes , wilts . his teddy is being auctioned on april 29 in new york . fl lt beaumont 's uniform is also up for sale , for £2,000 . the battle of britain was one of the turning points of the second world war and prevented germany from invading britain . the battle of britain was the german air force 's attempt to gain air superiority over the raf from july to september 1940 . it was one of the turning points of the second world war and prevented germany from invading britain . the battle began in mid-july with luftwaffe concentrating on attacking shipping in the english channel and attacking coastal towns and defences . from 12 august , hermann goering , one of the leaders of the nazi regime , shifted his focus to the destruction of the raf , attacking airfields and radar bases . ( pictured above , raf scrambling to their planes in 1940 . ) convinced that fighter command was now close to defeat , he also tried to force air battles between fighter planes to break british strength . however , goering grew frustrated by the large number of british planes that were still fighting off his attacks . luftwaffe switched tactics again and , on hitler 's orders , set about destroying london and other major cities . eleven days later , on what became ' battle of britain day ' , the raf decimated the huge incoming luftwaffe formations in the skies above london and the south coast . 