four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night . the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . ' we came here for vacation . we’ve been here one day . we’re no heroes , just tourists , ' makrus åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala , sweden , told the new york post . ' we 're no heroes , just tourists ' : the swedish cops ( pictured left to right ) erik näslund , 26 , samuel kvarzell , 25 , makrus åsberg , 25 , and eric jansberger , 28 , said they were just answering the call of duty . mr asberg , along with erik naslund , samuel kvarzell and eric jansberger , subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train . the samaritan scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the nypd could arrive , the post reports . video from the incident shows kvarzell and asberg holding the suspect down and trying to calm him down as he screams . ' i ca n't breath ! i ca n't breath ! ' he screams . ' take it easy , just calm down , ' asberg tells him . the friends sprang into action after a frantic conductor yelled over the intercom : ' are there any police officers on the train ? ' as the train pulled into the bleeker street station , the nordic lawmen found a homeless man pummeling another rider in the next car . three of the swedes tended to the aggressor ( background ) and held him for police , while the fourth stayed with the victim , who had been badly beaten in the fight . the nordic tourists kept both men calm until nypd cops showed up to sort out the scene . the victim had a bloody mouth and seemed to be badly beaten and was not defending himself the swedes told the post . one of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock , while two others held him down to the floor of the train . ' one of the guys tried to wrestle us so [ we ] wrestled him to the floor until the police came , ' kvarzell , 25 , who is also an officer , told dna info . ' we do n't have authority or anything but we thought somebody might need help , ' he said . when nypd officers showed up , they took custody of the aggressor and the four tourists went on their way to les misérables . markus asberg ( left ) and samuel kvarzell ( right ) stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a new york subway train along with two other friends , all of whom are police officers in their native sweden . eric jansberger ( left ) and erik naslund ( right ) had only just arrived in new york and were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when they answered the call of duty . 