libertarian icon rand paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year . like paul , the kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the gop such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections , much of the ' rand ' 2016 swag is unconventional . rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers . but they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through macbook skins and woven blankets that feature paul 's face , ' stand with rand ' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the ' nsa spy cam blocker . ' scroll down for video . libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ' rand on a stick ' item feature above , as he kicks off his presidential campaign . an ophthalmologist by trade , the store contains eye charts bearing paul 's name and his campaign slogan because ' we need a president who can see clearly , ' as the site states . for $ 75 paul fans can own a throw rug featuring the kentucky senator . it also comes in a constitution theme for the same price . ' sure it might be fun to have rand in your living room at night engaging in deep discussions about objectivism , libertarianism , conservatism and a few other isms , ' the description for the item reads . ' in the absence of that , curl up on your couch with the rand blanket . it 's the next best thing to him being there . ' the freshman senator 's expansion of his campaign store to include ' paul for president ' items preceded an announcement this morning on the website that said : ' i am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government . ' an unofficial candidate for the last year , the statement made formal the tea partier 's entry into the 2016 contest a few hours before he was scheduled to hold a campaign kick-off in his home state . he 'll spend the rest of the week rallying supporters in early presidential primary states new hampshire , south carolina , iowa and nevada , in that order , before making his back to washington for his day job . the senate is currently in the midst of a two-week break in honor of the easter and passover holidays . loyalists of the 52-year-old freshman senator and his father ron , a former texas representative who sought the presidency in 2008 and 2012 , are known for the fervency of their support and organizational skills . tonight they 'll celebrate the younger paul 's entry into 2016 competition with ' stand with rand ' # libertykaraoke parties across the country . running on the slogan ' defeat the washington machine , unleash the american dream ' and promoting himself as ' a different kind of republican , ' paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives- fiercely independent young adults who are just as likely to vote for gop politicians as they are libertarian candidates or nobody at all . playing off the stand with rand theme , the description accompanying a pair of $ 20 sandals in the store says , ' no , really stand with rand in official campaign flip flops . ' beer steins and t-shirts rock an ' unleashed ' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an american flag in his mouth . the item bound to draw the most attention , however , is the campaign 's ' nsa spy cam blocker ' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government . ' that little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not ! ' the item 's page warns . for $ 100 paul 's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhall , the bean bag toss game that 's especially popular with the southerners from paul 's native region . and for $ 1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed rand paul pocket constitution . ' it 's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat , a purse , laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans , ' the site says . for $ 100 paul 's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhole , the bean bag toss game that 's especially popular with the southerners from paul 's native region , and for $ 1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed rand paul pocket constitution . ' it 's size is perfect for comfortable carrying in the pocket of a sport coat , a purse , laptop bag or in the back pocket of some worn out jeans , ' the site says . and there 's the ' rand on a stick ' posters of paul 's head , attached to a stick . ' sure , there are a lot of things you can get on a stick , but can you get the next leader of the free world on a stick ? huh ? ' these rand paul freedom paddles are printed on sturdy corrugated plastic and are great for rallies , parades , meetings , operas , church services that lack air conditioning and so much more , ' the description reads . ' this purchase comes in a set of 12 . that 's right , one for every friend and family member . ' playing off the stand with rand theme , the description accompanying a pair of $ 20 sandals in the store says , ' no , really stand with rand in official campaign flip flops ' . running on the slogan ' defeat the washington machine , unleash the american dream ' and promoting himself as ' a different kind of republican , ' paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives . paul supporters can also purchase stand with rand floor mats for their vehicle , priced at $ 70 . beer steins and t-shirts rock an ' unleashed ' dog wearing patriotic sunglasses and holding an american flag in his mouth . an ophthalmologist by trade , the store also contains eye charts bearing paul 's name and his campaign slogan because ' we need a president who can see clearly , ' the site states . ' professionally , he has corrected the vision of thousands and now will do the same thing in the white house.. and we 're not talking about a new prescription for president obama , ' the site teases . the item bound to draw the most attention , however , is the campaign 's ' nsa spy cam blocker ' that allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government . ' that little front facing camera on your laptop or tablet can be a window for the world to see you - whether you know it or not ! ' the item 's page warns . paul backers can ' stop hackers and the nsa ' from spying on them for low price of $ 15 . ' safe and practical , ' the site says .