haris vuckic stands as the one bonus from a now infamous deal . while the other members of the newcastle five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the slovenian has positively thrived at rangers . so much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option . whether or not that can happen will depend on a number of factors . vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract . summer discussions with his parent club will have to take place . haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall . by then , he will also know whether rangers have fulfilled their aim of promotion via the play-offs . certainly , he has done much so far to try to make premier league football a reality at ibrox once again . vuckic has scored six times since signing for rangers , including three in his last two appearances as the revival under stuart mccall has gathered momentum . the 22-year-old is clearly relishing the exposure he has been granted . having begun to stagnate on the fringes of the newcastle squad , he feels revived by life in glasgow . ‘i’m really enjoying playing my football and i’m training hard , ’ said vuckic . ‘ at newcastle , i didn’t have that chance . ‘ but it’s nonsense that i have said i am going to quit newcastle . i never said that . i still respect newcastle because i have a year left there . and i also respect rangers because i have a loan deal here . ‘ we will see what is going to happen in the transfer window and what newcastle have to say . i will get options and i have to take the option that is best for me . ’ and if rangers were to make an offer for his services come the end of the season ? vuckic has won over rangers fans with six goals from 10 games , including this strike against hearts . ‘ that would be a good option because i’m really enjoying my football here , ’ replied vuckic . ‘i’m scoring goals , playing well and the fans like me . it would be a great option for me . ‘ this is the happiest i have been for a while with my football because i am playing every week . as a player , that is all you want . to show people that you are good . ’ clearly , there is little appeal in returning to tyneside simply to spend another 12 months stuck in the reserves or filling space on the bench . ‘ that wouldn’t be the best option for me , ’ he admitted . ‘ playing first-team football is very different from the under-21s , where you basically play with the kids . you want to play at a bigger , stronger level . ‘ in football you have to take a step back to go forward . i feel from newcastle to rangers on loan i took that step back but now i want to go forward . ‘ if i go back to play under-21 games with newcastle i would go even more back . i just have to see what happens in the summer but i want to play first-team football . ‘ when i was 18 or 19 years old i was getting a chance in the first team at newcastle but i broke my hand on my debut against fulham . ‘ i had a couple of set-backs and after spending a couple of months out you have to fight again for your place . i feel i could have done more in newcastle if i hadn’t had the injuries . ’ the 22-year-old celebrates scoring a goal for newcastle , but could find himself leaving st james ' park . vuckic was deemed sufficiently surplus to requirements to be shipped out in a mass deal arranged when the previous board were still in place . current interim chairman paul murray cited the signing of the quintet without undergoing medicals as an example of the ‘recklessness’ that preceded regime change . gael bigirimana will not play this season because of an unspecified ‘ medical condition’ he admits was there before he joined rangers . mccall is also sceptical about shane ferguson’s ability to feature , although he will finally arrive at murray park next week as recovers from a long-term knee injury . kevin mbabu has been training but has yet to make a first-team debut , while remie streete didn’t quite make it to half-time against raith rovers in february before succumbing to a hamstring injury . it was recently revealed that rangers will have to pay newcastle £500,000 for the privilege of the loans if they gain promotion . ‘ they are all fighting for their place , ’ said vuckic of his colleagues . ‘ kevin is training , remi is injured and we all know the problem biggi has got . ‘ i spoke to fergie and he is coming soon , but he will have to prove himself . the plan is for him to feature before the end of the season . ‘ i didn’t feel any pressure personally when i came here . i just wanted to do my maximum for the club and to gain experience . ‘ since the manager came in , i have really enjoyed it . he knows what he is talking about . we all follow his gameplan and we are winning . he came here with a target to put us in the scottish premiership . ‘ when i first came the changing room was a little bit down because of what was going on here . ‘ now when you start winning games the players are more motivated , enthusiastic and everybody fighting . the quality of the training goes up straight away and you can develop even more . ’ 