a young accountant fell down a 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare . graduate jacob phillips , 23 , plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark . mr phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in december – but didn’t have enough cash to pay for it . an inquest heard he ran from the driver , who gave chase at the seaside town of penarth , south wales . cabbie dave sidaway told the inquest : ‘ i stopped because i couldn’t see where i was going . i had no idea how much danger he was in . ’ jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . the university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson . cardiff coroner’s court heard how the trio got out of the taxi to ‘ use an atm’ before making a run for it . ‘ the plan was to go to penarth but we did not have enough money for the taxi – i ran off in one direction , jacob went in another direction , ’ mr robinson told the inquest . ‘ running away from the taxi was a stupid thing to do . ’ mr phillips , of reading , berks , was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker . paramedics arrived at the scene after his body was discovered in the morning by a dog walker . a long way down : mr phillips fell down this cliff after a night out . tthe taxi driver said he would not have left him if he knew where they were . recording a verdict of accidental death , coroner andrew barkley said : ‘ it is likely that he became disorientated and there is no evidence that he knew where he was at the time . ‘ there is no way he could have known the danger that lay in front of him . the following day with the benefit of light it was clear the danger he faced by the sheer drop off the cliff just yards beyond the fence . ’ mr phillips worked for pretty green , the clothing label run by oasis star liam gallagher . he had grown up in barry , south wales , before studying accountancy at the university of birmingham . the inquest heard that he had returned to wales for christmas and had been staying with his mother in the upmarket cowbridge area . mr phillips had planned to stay at a friend’s house but he and his friends didn’t have enough money to complete the journey , so decided to trick the driver by ‘dodging’ the fare . mr phillips ran off into the ‘ pitch black’ and fell down a cliff at the end of the disused northern promenade – also called the dardanelles . police search the scene at the bottom of the cliff where his body was discovered .