around 16 million tourists visit florence every year . it 's popularity is not surprising - the city contains over sixty per cent of the world 's art heritage . but for its population of 350,000 , that 's an overwhelming figure . so a new initiative set up by prince ottaviano de’medici di toscana , representative of the historic house of the medici , is aiming to reclaim the city , saving it from the ruins of mass tourism . around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting historical sights such as the duomo , pictured here . the last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city . vandals have destroyed historic monuments , an influx of fast-food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough . about 1.5 million cruise tourists arrive via bus from livorno and la spezia each year , staying in florence for just a couple of hours , clogging the streets and adding little to the economy . and as large franchises move in , local shopkeepers and artisans have moved out . and as many as 100,000 native florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices . vandals have destroyed historic monuments , an influx of fast-food outets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough . prince ottaviano worries that florence 's cultural significance has been radically altered . ' there is an absolute lack of laws to protect the city from uncontrolled mass tourism and insufficient maintenance of buildings , monuments , urban spaces , and works of art , ' he told the national geographic . ' the situation became even worse to my eyes when i discovered that the police don’t have any agent—not even one ! —who can certify the state of decay of building façades and require owners to make repairs . ' snapping a selfie at the duomo , left , and tourists at the fountain of neptune , piazza della signoria , right . prince ottaviano has proposed adding florence , already a world heritage city , to unesco 's endangered list . the save florence campaign aims to appeal to ' true travellers ' rather than tourists blitzing the city in a couple of hours . rather than mass tourism , the prince wants to attract visitors with its traditions of food and craft , its lesser known museums and smaller hotels . and another florence aficionado , tour operator mark gordon smith , is aiming to bring the city 's decline into public view , through a series of short video documentaries . the italy specialist is hoping to fund his project , to showcase florence 's hidden gems , the neighbourhoods tourists usually miss , as well as the damage being done by disrespecting visitors , via kickstarter . tour operator mark gordon smith wants to show the city 's decline through a series of short documentaries . on his fundraising page , he says : ' the city of florence italy is in peril ' . ' the monuments and streets which lead from the accademia through the piazza duomo to the piazza della signoria and the uffizi are showing immeasurable damage ; graffiti on historic monuments , visitors using the streets as a bathroom , people sleeping in the loggias of santissima annunziata and the ospedale degli innocenti . ' he is hoping the short films will be distributed across the world to raise awareness . 