a teenage farmer who struggled with anorexia died after she took an overdose of an animal medication . charlotte cobbald , 17 , took the deadly medicine , which her father stephen was keeping illegally , and injected it after saying she felt like a ' failure ' . she then ran away from her father , saying ' let me die ' , before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999 , an inquest heard . paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital , but charlotte died from the effects of the drug . overdose : 17-year-old farmer charlotte cobbald died while suffering from anorexia and depression . at the time she died in august , charlotte was visiting the family farm in acton , suffolk while on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated for anorexia and depression . she was an a* gcse student who had a talent for sheep farming , but was a ' perfectionist ' who had battled anorexia and depression , the hearing was told . on august 4 she came home and took some training sheepdogs out with her father , then told him she felt she was a ' complete failure ' . they returned to the farm office where farm secretary katherine turner was working . while her father stood at the door , charlotte went over to a fridge full of veterinary medication , found the antibiotics - used to treat farm animals - and injected herself with the drug . mrs turner said : ' i knew she was unwell but she did n't seem too bad , there was no immediate cause or concern . ' i do n't know how we did n't see . mr cobbald seemed to know something had happened . he said , `` have you done something ? '' and she replied yes . ' she just ran . i got in another vehicle and followed them . she was saying , `` leave me alone , let me die , leave me to die . '' ' she slumped and she was carried into the back of the car . in the office he sat on a chair holding her and he said she 'd stopped breathing . ' ' perfectionist ' : an inquest heard that charlotte suffered from a desire to be the best at all times . when paramedics arrived , they had to ask their colleagues to google the medicine because they had no idea of its effects . david hall , inspector at the veterinary medical directorate , visited the farm after charlotte 's death and said her father admitted buying the antibiotic from a lorry driver , but had forgotten that he still had some left . he did not enter the drug into his farm 's medicine book , which is a legal requirement . dr sukhi khaira of the north essex partnership university nhs trust told the inquest that charlotte should not have been allowed to visit the farm without a formal risk assessment . she had lost around 20kg in 2013 , and went through a period of not talking to her father . she also had a history of self-harming . clinical psychologist dr kevin beardsworth said she was a ' perfectionist ' , adding : ' there was a significant sense of hopelessness and helplessness . she had exceptionally high standards for herself , she did not feel good enough . ' if she got 99 out of 100 she would be unhappy , she was a perfectionist and this is seen in anorexia . she was bullied at school and began to isolate herself because she was focussed on her work . ' coroner yvonne blake recorded a narrative verdict , saying she could not be sure that charlotte meant to kill herself and suggesting that her actions were a cry for help . ' charlotte battled with mental health illnesses including anorexia , ' she said . ' she was hospitalised and started to improve so she was allowed on home leave to her father 's farm . ' from what i 've read from charlotte 's state of mind and from the professionals caring for her , she did have problems with self-harm and impulsive acts . ' she told someone straight away which suggests she wanted help for what she 'd done . ' after the hearing , charlotte 's mother hilary said : ' before she became unwell she had an inner zest for life and excitedly made dreams and plans for her future . ' her beautiful smile and cheeky laughter was like the sunshine in summer , never far away and readily present . ' the acute trauma she tried to battle , despite the therapy received , supported by ourselves and her friends , took away her sunshine and she lost her battle to live . ' for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .