a handful of peanuts a day may help prevent food poisoning , a study has found . eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli , according to the research . scientists from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus casei and lactobacillus rhamnosus , the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks . eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli , according to research by the university of maryland . by increasing the amount of good bacteria , the peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium , enterohaemorrhagic e.coli , which can cause severe food poisoning . the friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances . four made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria , research has found . lead researcher dr debabrata biswas said : ‘ eating approximately 50g of peanut kernels a day could improve the gut microflora and would help to protect against foodborne illnesses caused by common foodborne bacterial pathogens . ’ when the scientists tested the peanut skin , however , they found it had the opposite effect to the peanut kernel , inhibiting the growth of good bacteria and promoting the growth of the harmful e.coli and salmonella bacteria . writing in the journal of food science , the researchers concluded : ‘ these results suggest that peanut kernels , by improving the beneficial effect of lactobacillus , might reduce the risk of foodborne pathogens infection in the gut . ‘ however , the role of peanut skin in human health remains to be further investigated . ’ e.coli can be transmitted by eating undercooked meat such as mince , or contaminated vegetables that haven’t been washed properly . salmonella is found in the gut of many animals , especially poultry . proper cooking usually destroys it . undercooked eggs can also be a source .