kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel . the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil set to air april 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest . among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism . about her april 16 arrest , richards reveals , ' i was angry and frightened and i was scared . i knew what i had done . the whole night is my fault . none of this would have happened if i didn’t drink . ' richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the beverly hills hotel last week . sat with dr. phil : kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel . contradicting reports : some sources involved in production of real housewives of beverly hills say that kim richard 's protestations that she was sober last season were laughable - while others say she was doing better than ever . currently , kim is scheduled to appear at the los angeles superior court on may 10 following her april 16 incident at the polo lounge where she ' caused a disturbance at the hotel restaurant and was taken into custody at the beverly hills police department . ' according to the richards family friend , kim 's drunk actions were brought on after watching the three-part reunion for the seventh season , which left her ' distraught ' and ' very embarrassed . ' but that was n't the only cause . kim 's ex-husband monty brinson - who is battling stage iv cancer - continues to lean on her for support , which fans were able to watch on the recent rhobh season . ' a big part of all of this is that she is just stressed out , ' the pal explained . ' she is under a lot of pressure , especially because of monty . while kim richards staunchly defended herself during the last season of real housewives of beverly hills - maintaining that she no longer struggles with substance abuse - reports from the cast and crew tell a different story . several sources involved in production told tmz that kim 's recent protestations that she was sober were laughable . and while veteran cast members kyle richards , lisa vanderpump and yolanda foster learned to look the other way to avoid drama , lisa rinna and eileen davidson were the ones to confront the star . insiders say that the 50-year-old would never drink where people could see her , sometimes drinking in the bathroom and emerging drunk . however , other sources from the show say that kim was doing a better job than ever of keeping her addiction under control . interestingly , brandi glanville - who was one of kim 's closest friends during season five - sided with both camps , depending on who you talked to . they knew better : veteran cast members such as kim 's sister kyle , yolanda foster and lisa vanderpump all chose to look away during the last season to avoid confrontation . speaking out : eileen davidson ( third left ) and lisa rinna ( second from right ) were the two who chose to confront kim about her issues during season five . one crew member revealed that kim 's sobriety was called into question several months ago after the incident where the mother-of-four 's dog bit her sister kyle 's daughter alexia . when a dog trainer was sent to her house to assess the situation kim was reportedly such a mess he had to help put her to bed . kim was arrested on thursday morning after a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel where she had to be dragged out of a bathroom after refusing to leave the premises . she was taken to jail and cited with trespass , battery on a police officer , resisting arrest and drunk in public . meanwhile , it has been reported that the former child star may be booted off the bravo show as producers feel she has become a liability due to her issues with substance abuse . playing both sides : insiders say that brandi glanville ( centre ) - who was one of kim 's closest plas during the last season - sides with both camps . confirmed : details of kim 's arrest were revealed in a statement from the beverly hills police department . since she first appeared on the hit reality show in 2010 , her sobriety has been her major storyline , with her recent relapse as the driving force between kim and kyle 's distant relationship . tmz alleges that bravo are concerned that due to the nature of the show , they could be held accountable if something was to happen to kim . there have been no permanent decisions made however , according to the gossip site . the next season of rhobh has a few months before production picks up again so the final decision has yet to be concrete . distressed : the mother-of-four reportedly started drinking after watching all three rhobh reunion shows on wednesday night .