five days before college sweethearts brittany huber and john redman were to wed last may , a horrific car crash on a georgia highway killed the young bride and left her fiance clinging to life . redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home , confined to a wheelchair . the future looked bleak for the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college , but against overwhelming odds redman recovered , and on march 24 he helped lead his team to a championship title . tragic couple : brittany huber and john redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last spring . the bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life . bittersweet moment : eleven months later , redman , assistant basketball coach at dalton state college , helped lead his team to its very first championship title . sadly , huber was not there to celebrate with redman . victory : the dalton roadrunners beat westmont college of california 71-53 in kansas city on march 24 - 11 months after redman 's ( third from the right ) accident . ' to me , it was almost a relief , ' redman told al.com of the win - the team 's first since it has become eligible to take part in the championship . ' i had such a long year personally . ... it was very emotional in more ways than anybody could understand . ' but for redman , standing on the court in kansas city and celebrating the dalton roadrunners ' first-ever naia championship victory - they beat westmont college of california 71-53 - was a bittersweet moment because his biggest cheerleader , brittany , was not there . ' now i realize more and more each day what i learned from her and what i learned from that whole situation so yea , good things can happen from bad things , ' he said . the past 11 months have been the most challenging in john redman 's life . on april 28 , 2014 , redman was driving his future wife from dalton , georgia , to her hometown of mobile , alabama , when he lost control of his lexus in a rainstorm . the car blew a tire , hydroplaned and smashed into a bridge column on interstate 85 in merriweather county , georgia , killing the 23-year-old bride in impact . inseparable : the couple had been together since 2011 and were just five days from their wedding . wreckage : they were driving from georgia to her hometown of mobile , alabama when redman lost control of his car and smashed into the median , killing his fiancee on impact . ' i do n't remember the accident at all , ' redman told 11 alive . the young basketball coach was rushed to a hospital and spent more than two weeks in a coma with five broken ribs , three surgically removed ribs , 21 skull fractures and eight broken teeth . ' they [ doctors ] told my parents i 'd be in assisted living the rest of my life ... that i 'd never come back to work . i 'd be in a wheelchair . i might never talk again , ' redman recalled . after a month in the hospital , redman finally asked to see brittany for the first time since the accident . ' i was mad at her because she had n't come to visit me . i 'm in the hospital , she has n't visited me one time , ' he said . that is when huber 's parents broke the devastating news to redman that his wife-to-be did n't make it . redman and huber had been together since the fall of 2011 , and the couple got engaged in june 2013 . in july of that year , then-23-year-old graduate of spring hill college was hired as assistant men 's basketball coach at dalton state . his fiancee worked as a kindergarten teacher’s aide at city park elementary school . huber had a severe hearing impairment since she was a girl , but her students and people who met her for the first time often couldn’t pick up on it because of her uncanny ability to read lips . hanging by a thread : redman survived the crash but was left with a cracked skull and broken ribs , and was told he would likely spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair . for the first month in the hospital , he had no idea that huber has died . miracle : against overwhelming odds , redman recovered and was able to walk out of the hospital and resume coaching ( pictured ) . on the eve of their fateful road trip to mobile , brittany wrote on her instagram page : ‘ i ca n't wait to ride on this journey with him and see what our amazing god has in store for us . ’ just hours before her death , huber posted a photo of their journey , with the caption : ' it is finally wedding week ! ' the church where the couple were due to marry on may 3 was instead the venue for her memorial service . seven women wore matching mint green dresses - their bridesmaids dresses - to the service , al.com reported at the time . john redman says he felt brittany 's presence in the hospital every day , as always cheering him on . ' i felt brittany was there the whole time , and she was telling me to get up , get out , you do n't want to be here , go live your life , ' he recalled . and that is exactly what redman did , to the surprise of his doctors who called his recovery a miracle . back on the court : redman ( far right ) started out slowly , working part-time at dalton a couple of hours a day . smiling again : redman said that working with the team , including assistant men 's basketball coach tony ingle jr ( left ) , was a form of therapy for him . ' when you hear a doctor say you 're a miracle , you probably are a miracle , they do n't use that world very easily or lightly , ’ he told wrcb . after weeks of physical therapy , redman resumed coaching . he started out slowly , working part-time a couple of hours a day and using his time with the team as a form of therapy . ' just having something to look forward to , and something to do , it 's given me hope , made me excited again . they saved my life , ' redman said . that is why for redman and the roadrunners , winning the title for the first time since dalton launched its basketball program two years ago was more than a sports victory . ‘ it really has been the best year and the worst year of my life , ' redman concluded .  