chelsea 's eden hazard and arsenal 's santi cazorla are set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend when they each make their 100th appearance . both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action . eden hazard ( l ) and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend . lee clayton . cazorla has wonderful balance . so does hazard . cazorla scores important goals . so does hazard . cazorla is two-footed . so is hazard . cazorla dances past opponents . so does hazard . so , while there is not a lot to choose between them and hazard is likely to get the most picks in this article , i am going for cazorla . it 's a personal choice . he is a wonderful footballer . i have paid to watch them both ( and i will pay to watch them both again ) , but the little spanish magician edges it for me . verdict : cazorla . cazorla , pictured in action against burnley , has been an influential part of arsenal 's midfield this season . ian ladyman . i remember when manchester city baulked at paying hazard 's wages when the belgian was up for grabs in 2012 . back then city thought the young forward had a rather high opinion of his own worth for a player who was yet to play in a major european league . in the early days of his time at chelsea , it looked as though city may have been right . he showed flashes of brilliance but also looked rather too easy to push off the ball . roll forward to 2015 , however , and the 24-year-old has developed in to one of the most important players in the barclays premier league . brave , strong and ambitious , hazard plays on the front foot and with only one thought in this mind . rather like cristiano ronaldo , he has also developed in to the type of player ever defender hates , simply because he gets back up every time he is knocked to the ground . he would get in every team in the premier league and is one of the reasons chelsea will win the title this season . verdict : hazard . hazard controls the ball under pressure from stoke midfielder stephen ireland at stamford bridge . dominic king . it has to be hazard . i saw him play for lille twice in the season before he joined chelsea – once against st etienne , the other was what proved to be his final appearance against nancy . he scored two in the first match , a hat-trick the latter and played a different game to those around him . he has n't disappointed since arriving here and i love the nonchalance with which he takes a penalty , his low centre of gravity and the way he can bamboozle defenders . if there is such a thing as £32million bargain , it is hazard . verdict : hazard . hazard celebrates after scoring a fine individual goal in chelsea 's 3-2 win against hull in march . nick harris . now this is a tricky one because while eden hazard will frequently embark on a dribble or dink in a pass that will make you nod in appreciation , he 'll also miss a penalty and make you groan . whereas the older cazorla , less flashy but no less of a technical master , is to my mind more of a fulcrum , more important relatively to the sum of arsenal 's parts than hazard is to chelsea . you 'll gasp at hazard but cazorla 's wow factor is richer . that 's not to dismiss either : both are brilliant footballers , contributing goals , assists and flair . any neutral would bite your hand off to have either playing in your team . forced to pick though , it 's cazorla , for his consistency and crucially doing it in the biggest games . exhibit a would be manchester city 0 arsenal 2 in january ; goal , assist , all-round brilliance , against a big team , at an important time . verdict : cazorla . cazorla scores from the penalty spot in arsena 's 2-0 away win at manchester city in january . riath al-samarrai . eden hazard for me . cazorla is an utter delight , a little pinball of a man who is probably the most two-footed player i 've seen . put him in a tight space and then you see what makes him rare among the best . but hazard is the top player in the premier league , in my opinion . this is the sixth of his eight seasons as a professional where he has reached double figures and yet he offers so much more than goals ( 36 in 99 in the premier league for chelsea ) . he can beat a man and , better still , you sense he likes doing it . technically , his passing and shooting are excellent and he also has a mind capable of sussing out the shapes and systems in front of him . that intelligence , more specifically his speed of thought , is probably what makes separates the good from the brilliant . a complete player who does n't yet seem to have the complete ego . verdict : hazard . hazard gets away from manchester city duo fernando ( left ) and martin demichelis at stamford bridge . laurie whitwell . has to be hazard for me . the way he carries the ball through ever tightening spaces and emerges the other side is a joy . like one of those indiana jones impossible escapes from a sliding door or rolling boulder . and his penalties are mesmeric . i could watch them again and again not working out how he does it . verdict : hazard . belgium international hazard scores a header past west ham goalkeeper adrian at upton park . sami mokbel . both are marvellous players , but i could watch santi cazorla all day . when he first arrived in england i remember , whilst sitting in the upton park press box , trying to work out whether he was left or right footed . he was wonderful that day as arsenal cruised to a 3-1 win ; it was one of the most complete performances i 've seen live . in truth , i 've still got no idea whether he 's left or right footed . he 's that natural on either . hazard is a phenomenon , but aesthetically no on can touch cazorla in the premier league . verdict : cazorla . cazorla grins after scoring arsenal 's fourth goal against aston villa at the emirates in february . jack gaughan . from a purely artistic sense , santi cazorla is probably the most graceful individual on the ball in the entire premier league . but eden hazard provides moments to really stick in the memory . he glides past opponents effortlessly and regularly chips in with important goals - plenty of them stunning in their execution . worth the ticket alone . the one blot from cazorla 's point of view is that his genius can be fleeting . verdict : hazard . sam cunningham . jose mourinho has told him to add more goals to his game to move on a par with lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo and , three years younger than the argentine and six than the portuguese , he is not far from doing that . i 've watched hazard countless times at stamford bridge this season and he makes the game seem like an art form with his movement , dribbling and passing . cazorla can excite at times , but he is nowhere near consistently reaching hazard 's level . for me there is no contest between the pair . verdict : hazard . hazard tucks home yet another penalty during chelsea 2-1 win against stoke city last weekend . craig hope . i would far rather have hazard in my team , but i ca n't help but feel the excitement has been stripped from him under jose mourinho . efficient , technically brilliant , effective and hard-working he most certainly is - and he will be crowned pfa player of the year - but he is no longer the daring dribbler of whom we heard so much about during his teenage years in france . he is , though , arguably a better player for mourinho 's influence . cazorla , meanwhile , would never thrive under mourinho , there is too much of juan mata about him . but there is no doubt he is thrilling to watch on his day - it 's just a shame those days are n't as frequent as they should be for a player of his calibre . verdict : hazard . result : hazard 7-3 cazorla . hazard has been voted as a more exciting player than cazorla in sportsmail 's survey . 