backlash : virginia roberts - pictured here with prince andrew - is being sued for defamation . the woman who claimed she slept with prince andrew whilst working as a sex slave is facing a legal backlash from two other men she claimed had relations with her , it emerged yesterday . virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz , who said that he wants to have her thrown in jail . mr dershowitz said that miss roberts would have to give evidence under oath and that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself . miss roberts has also been branded ‘despicable’ by model agency owner jean luc brunel who said that he is considering legal action of his own . in a statement mr brunel said that he was ‘ devastated by the unfounded accusations against him’ and wanted to take revenge . earlier this week florida judge kenneth marra ordered miss roberts’ claims that she was a ‘ sex slave’ to billionaire paedophile jeffrey epstein , a former friend of andrew , be struck from the record . amid the other ‘lurid’ allegations removed from the record were claims that she slept with the duke of york , mr dershowitz and mr brunel . mr dershowitz , who used to represent epstein , said there was ‘ no way’ miss roberts could repeat any of the allegations in court ever again . he said : ‘ if they try to bring it up in court we’re going to seek contempt proceedings against them . ‘ the ultimate goal is for ( miss roberts ) to go to prison for perjury . ’ mr dershowitz said that last week he tracked miss roberts down and served her with a subpoena that she will have to respond to under oath . he said : ‘ if she repeats she had sex with me on epstein’s ranch in new mexico where i was at for one hour in the presence of five people , she will have committed perjury . ‘ if she says i had sex with her on jeffrey epstein’s island where i was one day with my wife , my daughter , professor michael porter , his wife , and four members of his family , she will be committing perjury’ . defamation : attorney alan dershowitz says he would like to see ms roberts in prison after her claims . mr brunel has not filed a claim against miss roberts yet but said that if she repeats her ‘lies’ again she will ‘ end up in prison for perjury’ . his lawyer said : ‘he’ll relentlessly sue those who persist in attributing to him any involvement in this sordid sexual scandal to which he is completely foreign’ . miss roberts had attempted to join a lawsuit filed by two other women who seek to get epstein’s 2008 plea deal overturned as they feel it was too lenient . in her filing she claimed that she was forced to take part in an orgy with the duke when she was 17 , under the legal age of consent in florida , and that she slept with him in london , new york and on epstein’s caribbean island . prince andrew has always strongly denied the allegations against him . buckingham palace has confirmed that was informed of judge marra’s ruling . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .