he 's all three emergency services rolled into one . andrew hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call . mr hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof . jack of all trades : andrew hichens is trained to respond to crimes , fires and medical emergencies . new role : father-of-two mr hichens has taken up his unique role in hayle in western cornwall . as 'tri-service safety officer ' , he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls . devon and cornwall assistant chief constable paul netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas . he said : ' the tri-service officer is a ground-breaking idea . it brings together the skills and training of the three emergency services into one individual . ' father of two mr hichens said : ' i want to become a familiar face in the community , someone the public are happy to see and who can respond to any incident or enquiry . ' he applied for the role after eight years as a fireman , training as an emergency first responder , and completing a pcso course . badge of honour : he is called a 'tri-service safety officer ' . however , devon and cornwall police federation chairman nigel rabbitts said the new role would never be the same as having a fully-trained policeman , paramedic and fireman on call . he dismissed the new job as a ' publicity stunt ' designed to reassure the public rather than provide any effective policing . he said : ' i do n't see what there is to gain from it apart from some sort of public reassurance . maybe the money should be better spent on full warranted police officers . ' he also said he could not see it catching on , adding : ' to do all three would be impossible and you would n't be able to obtain your professional competencies . ' ready to go : mr hichens will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages in his new role . former met officer chris hobbs said the job was unlikely to be represent the future of the emergency services as it would only really suit small , quiet , and rural beats . he said : ' if someone is able to accumulate all those numerous skills in becoming a jack or master of all trades that is fine . ' but realistically people join the police to be policemen , the fire service to be firefighters , and the ambulance service to be paramedics . ' finding a good number of people that are able to qualify in all three is asking an awful lot . ' it is a great idea in a rural community but a bit of a non-starter in bigger towns and cities . '