oklahoma introduced a law allowing it to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners if lethal injections are n't available . governor mary fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death , giving oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty . the method , which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen , has been touted as ' foolproof ' by supporters , in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections . scroll down for video . gas chamber : the state of oklahoma has legalized killing death row in-mates with nitrogen . this 1999 file photo shows an arizona correctional officer explaining his state 's execution method . executions in the state are currently on hold while the supreme court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by oklahoma is constitutional . the pause follows an infamous execution last ear , which saw officials struggle to administer a the poison to an inmate , who writhed on the gurney in pain for some 43 minutes before finally dying . nitrogen - which has never been used to execute humans before - is now the state 's second choice . the new bill , effective from november 2015 , moves the electric chair back from second preference to third , while firing squad becomes a distant fourth choice if all other methods are unavailable . proponents tout that nitrogen killings will be ' fast and painless ' for inmates - and also say the method is ' foolproof ' as it requires no medical expertise or complex procedures . in a statement issued as the bill was signed , fallin , a republican , said : ' oklahoma executes murderers whose crimes are especially heinous . ' i support that policy , and i believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty . the bill i signed today gives the state of oklahoma another death penalty option that meets that standard . ' the bill authored by republican rep. mike christian and republican sen. anthony sykes had passed the state house on an 85-10 vote and cleared the senate on a 41-0 vote . christian , a former highway patrol trooper , said : ' the process is fast and painless - it 's foolproof . ' opponents say there 's no way to know whether the method is painless and effective . ' it just has n't been tried , so we do n't know , ' said rep. emily virgin , a democrat from norman who opposes the death penalty . the changes come after a botched execution last year in which oklahoma was using a new sedative as the first in a three-drug combination . state officials tried to halt the lethal injection after the inmate writhed on the gurney and moaned . he died 43 minutes after the process began . adam leathers , spokesman for the oklahoma coalition to abolish the death penalty , released a statement blasting the new law . ' this is not only a grotesque waste of resources but indicative of a corrupt value system , ' he said . ' it is sad to know that our state 's collective bloodlust is so unabated that our leadership feels the need to spend resources to put a back up system into place so state sponsored murder can go on uninterrupted . ' the problematic execution was blamed on a poorly placed intravenous line and prompted a lawsuit from oklahoma death row inmates , who argue that the state 's new drug combination presents a serious risk of pain and suffering . the u.s. supreme court is scheduled to hear arguments later this month . the lack of readily-available lethal injection drugs - and problems with stocks the states do have - has vexed several other states . utah brought back the firing squad earlier this year in response to a drugs shortage , while tennessee reinstated the electric chair .   