liverpool manager brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . sterling , the england international who will lead liverpool’s line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge , was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes . raheem sterling ( right ) was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . liverpool boss brendan rodgers ( left ) has n't disciplined sterling ( pictured ) or ibe for the incident . ibe was present among the reds squad during their training session on friday ahead of their fa cup semi . rodgers , who has steven gerrard available for the fa cup semi-final with aston villa , spoke to sterling and ibe in his office on thursday but neither will be disciplined and rodgers now wants to draw a line under the matter . he said : ‘ it is understanding that when you are a professional , elite sportsperson , there are things you can and can not be doing and be seen to be doing . ‘it’s not just for your welfare but also because of your responsibilities . ‘ it is difficult . some of these young guys are doing what you would consider to be normal things — and i’m not talking about this instance — ( but ) how it gets framed is totally different . ’ rodgers would not discuss whether he would give gerrard , available after a three-match suspension , an immediate recall against villa , making it clear that his sole priority is steering liverpool into their first fa cup final of his reign . they fell short in the title race last season and then faltered in the last four of the capital one cup in january , but rodgers thinks they are ready to progress . reds have captain steven gerrard ( centre ) back for their fa cup semi after serving a three-match suspension . ‘ when you get so close , whether it was in the title race or the cup , it hurts , ’ said rodgers . ‘ trace back the winners in sport . if you look at everything they have won , also look at what they have lost . you will see that they go close on a number of occasions before they step on . ‘ look at players who have won champions leagues and you trace back and see they have also lost champions league semi-finals and finals . it’s all part of the journey — losing but taking that forward and improving you . ’ rodgers ( left ) has n't revealed whether he 'll recall gerrard for sunday 's clash against aston villa at wembley .