stuart armstrong admits taking receipt of his first scottish premiership league winners’ medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a celtic player . for the young midfielder , a parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously . last may , at the culmination of an exciting season on tayside , armstrong and his young dundee united team-mates harboured high hopes of becoming just the third team in tannadice history to lift the scottish cup . celtic 's stuart armstrong ( right ) is hoping to get his hands on the scottish premiership title . armstrong completed a move from dundee united to celtic during the january transfer window . following a 2-0 defeat in the final against st johnstone , however , the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the parkhead turf . a year on and he is part of a celtic side rapidly closing in on a title that even derek mcinnes , manager of closest challengers aberdeen , admits is essentially over . while insisting nobody at celtic is taking league glory for granted , armstrong – who joined celtic on transfer deadline day - admits that a title party in the east end of glasgow next month would represent a green day to banish the blues that still hang over his head from a year ago . ‘ last year’s scottish cup final at celtic park was a disappointing end to a very enjoyable season , ’ armstrong recalled ahead of his side 's lunchtime clash at inverness . ‘ we had the joy of winning the scottish cup semi-final against rangers at ibrox so to then go on and lose in the final to st johnstone was very difficult to take . it’s not something you can change , though , so you have to just live with that disappointment . ‘ but winning the title would be nice this year . a bit of success would certainly lighten the disappointment of that cup final . ‘ and there’s a nice little gap building now at the top of the table . for a while aberdeen were threatening us closely but we have managed to extend the gap and we still have a game in hand . while it’s never over until it’s mathematically impossible , we are confident we can clinch it . but we won’t be complacent . armstrong joined celtic along with his close friend and former dundee team-mate gary mackay-steven . ‘i’ve been here at celtic a few months now and i’ve played a few games so i do feel like a celtic player . but i would feel even more like a celtic player with a league winners’ medal . as a player , you want to fill your trophy cabinet up and winning the league title would be a great way to start . ’ in this season when achieving just the fourth treble in celtic’s long history is a real possibility , armstrong , like close friend gary mackay-steven , has been limited to premiership action because of his involvement in the cups with united earlier this season . his league cup-winning team-mates return to hampden next sunday to face inverness in the scottish cup semi finals and , while being on the outside for cup ties is undeniably frustrating , armstrong believes arriving in january has been of huge benefit in other ways . in particular , he feels walking out to a wall of sound at parkhead against inter milan in the europa league in february will have left himself and mackay-steven ready to hit the ground running in the champions league qualifiers in july . ‘ it would be bizarre to maybe only be part of one part of a treble - but it’s also exciting to be part of a team who are capable of doing it , ’ he said . ‘i’d have loved to have been involved in all the big matches but that’s just the way it is . as it is , we have the chance of the title this year – and i’m sure there will be chances for other medals next year . ‘ but i definitely feel part of it at celtic now . myself and gary have settled in really well . it was nice people were saying myself and gary were worthy of being in contention for scotland but it was nice to get away to dubai for a few days of sun during the international break and to come back fresh . even if it felt wrong not having my friend gary there in dubai with me , since we’re always together ! kris commons scored in celtic 's recent scottish premiership 2-0 win over partick thistle . ‘ but being in dubai to relax let me reflect on everything that’s happened since january . yes , it’s a little frustrating not to be involved in the cup matches because they are always exciting games . but the advantage of coming in january was that by the time the qualifiers come round next season i will look forward to them rather than be nervous . ‘ the inter milan game was an eye opener as to how big the support is and how noisy the ground can be . to play against a huge team like them – and for me to do so well – was a great experience and i can’t wait for next season . ’ inverness-born armstrong played for caley thistle for a season as a 16-year-old before his family uprooted for dundee and he joined up at tannadice . while he has few ties left in the highlands , he is full of respect for john hughes’ side and his friend from the youth team , current caley thistle captain graeme shinnie . ‘ i grew up in nairn but i was born at raigmore hospital , ’ he said . ‘ we lived up there for six or seven years when i was young and i’ve still got family in nairn . ‘ i also played for inverness under 16s for a year before we moved to dundee . the likes of graeme shinnie were there with the under 19s and terry butcher was in charge , with charlie christie involved training the youth sides . ‘ but i didn’t play particularly well at inverness . i became a better player after i went to dundee united . ’ 