britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands . above , troops walk across the island in 1982 . britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands . after nine months of exploratory drilling , a group of british companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands . the bonanza , which could be worth billions of pounds , will add to fears of renewed conflict over the british overseas territory just days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ‘ very live threat’ from argentina . the discovery at the zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with buenos aires , exactly 33 years after argentina invaded the islands . lord west of spithead , a former first sea lord , said last night the find would lead to further claims by the argentinians over the long-disputed territory in the south atlantic . ‘ the rhetoric and sabre-rattling from argentina will grow , ’ he added . ‘ the argentinians have always been worried we will find oil and , given their economic state , they will think , “ we should have it” . ‘ we will have to be careful . the only way to stop them ( acting ) is to ensure we have sufficient military there . the rhetoric from argentina will get worse . ' argentina invaded the falklands in 1982 , leading to a conflict that cost 260 british and 650 argentine lives . the south american state still claims territorial rights to the islands . britain pledged last week to invest £180million over the next ten years to defend the islands , with an upgrade of a surface-to-air missile system and the deployment of two chinook helicopters . the commitment came after it was revealed earlier this year that russia could be helping to re-arm argentina . scroll down for video . yesterday’s discovery , which could yield 100 million barrels of oil , was announced by the british firms that share the exploration area , premier oil , rockhopper exploration and falkland oil & gas . malcolm graham-wood , an oil industry expert and founder of the consultancy hydrocarbon capital , said : ‘ this is good for britain , good for british oil companies , good for taxes and good for the industry . ’ the latest incident sees a heightening of tensions between argentina and britain over the falklands . pictured is the bombing of the sir galahad troop carrier , after it was hit by a missile . a map shows the oil has been discovered 130 north of the island by british companies at the zebedee oil well . samuel moody , chief executive of rockhopper , which is named after the southern rockhopper penguins found on the islands , said : ‘ this is a fantastic start to the 2015 falklands drilling campaign and provides early proof of the significant remaining potential of the north falkland basin . ’ shares in the oil-exploration companies initially soared to double digits after the discovery was announced . the row over the sovereignty of the islands , which argentina calls malvinas , could be intensified by the oil find . however , mr graham-wood said : ‘ oil is always found in difficult places , geographically and politically – look at alaska , for instance – but that has never worried the oil industry . ’ oil expert charlie sharp , of the investment bank canaccord genuity , said the zebedee discovery was ‘ an excellent start to the exploration campaign’ . it follows another made nearby in 2012 through a project called sea lion , but the price of oil has halved since june , forcing many explorers to cut back on spending . experts also predict future finds could be even more significant . stephane foucaud , oil analyst at first energy , said the latest discovery is ‘ encouraging news’ , but another well – called isobel deep , 15 miles to the south – is the ‘ most important’ in the area . war veterans sing the national anthem and hold the argentinian flag during a ceremony marking the 33rd anniversary of the start of the falklands war . argentina has now written to the un about british ' aggression ' . mr fallon said last week that existing defences in the falklands would be modernised , with investment in ‘ ageing infrastructure’ and an upgrade of the surface-to-air missile system . it came after news that russian president vladimir putin was reportedly working on a deal to lease 12 sukhoi su-24 bombers to argentina . intelligence chiefs warned that argentina could land forces on a remote island , and that commanders needed support helicopters to enable infantry to react to any threat .