nicola sturgeon scoffed at ed miliband’s attempts to rule out a post-election pact with the scottish national party last night as she said labour had no chance of winning a majority on its own . the scottish first minister , whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border , said the labour leader would soon ‘ change his tune’ . mr miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a ‘ confidence and supply’ deal with the snp , who look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold the balance of power . scroll down for video . could hold the balance of power : scottish first minister nicola sturgeon ( left ) , whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border , said labour leader ed miliband ( right ) would soon ‘ change his tune’ . religious visit : mr miliband and his wife justine meet hindu devotees at the shree swaminarayan temple in willesden green , north-west london , yesterday . but he again refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation . critics said that would mean a weak labour government having to negotiate day in , day out with snp mps . miss sturgeon has previously ruled out a formal coalition , but said she will seek to put mr miliband in no 10 even if labour finishes 40 seats behind the conservatives in a hung parliament . yesterday a yougov/sunday times poll suggested the snp could win 46 of scotland’s 59 seats – up from just six at present . miss sturgeon told lbc radio : ‘ what ed miliband has got to recognise [ is that ] in a minority parliament , he won’t have the votes simply to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may . balancing act : miss sturgeon visits jump gymnastics community club in cumbernauld , north lanarkshire . ' economic risk ' : london mayor boris johnson ( left ) told the bbc’s andrew marr show that there is ' no way miliband ( right ) could conceivably govern except with the help of the snp ' . ‘ he is trying to continue to pretend that he is going to have a majority , and he is in danger , i think , of giving the impression that he doesn’t have very much respect for democracy , or for the votes of the scottish people . ramped up warnings : home secretary theresa may . ‘ if the verdict of the people is to give neither of the big parties a majority ... my message to ed miliband remains as it has always been – if we have got an anti-tory majority , if we work together , we can lock the tories out . ’ the conservatives yesterday ramped up their warnings over a labour-snp deal . home secretary theresa may said britain would face its gravest constitutional crisis since the 1936 abdication of edward viii . she added that english voters would not accept scottish mps having power over crucial issues in their lives . and london mayor boris johnson told the bbc’s andrew marr show : ‘ there is no way miliband could conceivably govern except with the help of the snp – they’d be crouching on his back like a monkey . ' the snp pushing him even further to the left would be a real economic risk for this country . ’ asked on the andrew marr show if he thought he could win the election in scotland , despite polls putting labour more than 20 points behind , mr miliband said : ‘ i think we can . ’ he said he had ‘ made it clear we’re not interested’ in deals , such as a ‘ confidence and supply’ arrangement where the snp would agree to back labour on important votes such as the budget . but he refused to rule out relying on snp votes for key legislation . david cameron yesterday rejected criticism of the tories’ warnings over a labour-snp pact , telling sky news : ‘ it is the right and responsible thing to point out the dangers of that . ’ nicola sturgeon 's party : snp candidates have issued blood-curdling threats in recent weeks . snp candidates have vowed to produce the british establishment’s ‘ worst nightmare’ if they get into power with labour . in a series of campaign videos and speeches , a string of snp candidates have issued blood-curdling threats in recent weeks – and warned that they will push ed miliband even further to the left . tommy sheppard , the party’s candidate in edinburgh east , boasted that last year’s independence referendum ‘ sent the british establishment a message and gave them a shock’ , adding : ‘ on may 7 we can visit on them their worst nightmare . ’ mr sheppard said the snp would force westminster to ‘ march to the rhythm of the people of scotland’ . he also praised labour’s notorious 1983 manifesto , dubbed the ‘ longest suicide note in history’ , saying it contained ‘ a lot of good thinking’ . martin docherty , snp candidate for west dunbartonshire , suggested the party would use power to take revenge for the way scotland has been ‘treated’ by england over centuries . john nicolson , the party’s candidate in east dunbartonshire , confirmed the snp would use its influence to force labour to scrap the replacement of britain’s trident nuclear deterrent . and chris law , snp candidate for dundee west , said : ‘ my neighbour’s house was burned down by the suffragettes , so we know how to take radical action . i’m not suggesting that you send me to london… we’ve been there before with guy fawkes . ' but if i’m elected to westminster i’m going to make sure there’s fire in my belly , a loud voice and a strong fight to hold their feet to the fire for a roasting . ’ conservative vice-chairman bob neill said the ‘dangerous’ comments underlined the threat posed by allowing the snp to share power at westminster . mr neill said : ‘ their demands would never end and we would all pay for their economic chaos . the snp are promising our “ worst nightmare” , weak ed miliband at the mercy of nicola sturgeon – the only way to stop it and protect the economy is to vote conservative . ’