sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday . best american . so many to choose from but given augusta’s predilection for a tale of redemption — from vijay ‘ kiss my ass’ singh to adam ‘ this one’s for you , greg’ scott — let’s go for the reformed party animal dustin johnson . time for him to prove he can match his gargantuan yardage off the tee with the requisite amount of brain cells . dustin johnson watches his tee shot during a practice round on the augusta course on wednesday . best european ( non-uk ) not so many to choose from , alas . indeed , given henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low , we’re almost empty-handed . still , let’s hope the swede can rise from his sick bed . other than that , it’s time victor dubuisson returned to the limelight . henrik stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge . best from the uk . let’s leave out the history man on the grounds he has his own category . lee westwood has got an impressive recent record at augusta and justin rose has shown he can play well here . but i have a feeling paul casey is the most likely to join rory and get into contention come sunday afternoon . best international . you can hardly have faith in adam scott to emulate bubba watson and win a second masters in three years given he’s confused enough on the greens to be going back to the long putter . while scott sorts himself out , compatriot jason day has an outstanding chance to grab another win for australia . jason day has a great chance to become another australian winner at the masters . best each way bet . when you think last year’s joint runner-up jonas blixt is 150-1 , there are some tasty odds out there . how about padraig harrington at 80-1 ? or bernhard langer to finish in the top six at 400-1 ? my particular favourite is three-time masters champ phil mickelson at 25-1 . a steal . phil mickelson watches his fairway shot on the 11th green during his practice round on wednesday . how will rory do ? given what it would do for the sport and what an achievement it would represent , i fervently hope bubba watson is slipping a size 38 regular jacket on to mcilroy’s shoulders come sunday night . but this might prove the major where he falls just short — and we have to wait a couple of years to enjoy his slam . prediction : third . rory mcilroy will begin his quest for a grand slam when the masters kicks into action on thursday . how will tiger do ? not as good as some american writers believe , who are fitting him up for his fifth green jacket already on the strength of shooting 33 for the front nine on a practice round on monday . not as bad as the doomsayers think either , though . he should make the halfway cut… and maybe scrape into the top 20 . prediction : 19th . tiger woods was joined by his girlfriend lindsey vonn ( left ) and his two children on the course on wednesday .  