tom ballard plans to climb k2 , 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak . a climber has set his sights on the summit of k2 - the second highest mountain in the world - 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat . alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 . now her son tom ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer k2 himself . mr ballard , 26 , told the times that he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother 's footsteps . he said : ' i think it must be . at one stage i thought i would go and climb mountains for her . then i realised that was actually a bit stupid because she had already climbed them herself . i realised i was climbing for myself . that 's how i 've gone on . ' last month mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season - and now he is training for k2 . the climber was just six years old when his mother died while descending k2 , which is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of mount everest , with dozens dying during attempts to reach the top . days before her death , mrs hargreaves sent a fax to her son and his sister katie . it read : ' tom and katie , we have arrived at our base camp . the trek was difficult — it snowed every day . the mountain i have come to climb is called k2 . ' attached was a drawing of the 28,251ft mountain which would later claim her life . mr ballard 's mother was a revered figure in the climbing world and was only the second person to climb everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen . alison hargreaves ( pictured with tom and his sister katie as children ) was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalalayn mountain in 1995 . k2 is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of mount everest , with dozens dying during attempts to reach the top . mrs hargreaves , pictured with her husband jim and thier family , was only the second person to climb everest without sherpas or bottled oxygen . tragic : mr ballard was just six years old when his mother died on her way down from the summit of k2 . her decision to take on dangerous climbs while raising a young family was criticised by some , but she shrugged off the flak , saying that fathers who went climbing did not face the same scrutiny . when she climbed the north face of the eiger , in the swiss alps , in 1988 , mrs hargreaves was pregnant with her son . mr ballard said he had clear memories of clambering over rocks as a child and had always known climbing was his calling . ' when i grew , i was always scrambling around on little rocks underneath the crags where my mum and dad climbed . a child , playing , ' he said . ' at primary school i had something like an epiphany . suddenly i decided that all i wanted to do with my life was just to climb . since then that 's pretty much all i have done . '