jailed : kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . a conman has been jailed for stealing a pensioner 's entire £401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon . kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk , a court heard . the 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him . ' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception after the judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was ' terrified ' of going to prison . sentencing him judge alan parker said : ' you plainly saw him as a soft target and you used him , and used him and used him . ' you told lies , some of them beyond wicked , and always you knew he would pay up . ' you lived a lavish lifestyle at the cost of an elderly man 's life savings . society demands that you should be punished . ' he told the 80-year-old a string of lies that led to the elderly chartered accountant losing his birmingham office and was forced to put his ' beautiful ' home up for sale , the court heard . franklin stole his money after telling him his sister had died in canada and he desperately needed to fly there . he then said his father had died and needed a loan until he inherited £500,000 - but in fact franklin 's father had died 20 years earlier . before his fraud was revealed he had said that bailiffs were at the door demanding money . the victim was introduced to franklin in 2005 and agreed to lend £15,000 for refurbishments to a restaurant franklin ran in wootton wawen , warwickshire . shocking : franklin was jailed at warwick crown court , pictured , which heard that his victim 's life was made ' a disaster ' because he was left without any money to buy a pint of milk . from there , franklin fabricated sob story after sob story in an attempt to wring ever more cash from the pensioner , including tens of thousands more in loans . but franklin , a former car dealership manager , was living the high life and even used the money for his italian alps wedding and honeymoon . meanwhile the pensioner had ran out of money and endured days filled with fear . in a statement , he said the pressure had become overwhelming as franklin 's demands took over his life . ' my financial situation is a disaster , ' he added . ' at times we have been so short of money to pay for basic food that we have had to search our pockets to get enough for a litre of milk . ' defending , lee marklew said franklin 's personal life had been destroyed by the case , and his wife had left him . ' the thought of the inevitable custodial sentence has been utterly terrifying , ' he said . ' since his arrest it has been a palpable fear which has affected the quality of his life . ' but the judge ignored his plea and jailed him . 