this is the moment jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a ticket after leaving his bright green lamborghini parked on yellow lines . despite his recent woes , he was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london , who had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar . the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes . and the conversation must have been a good one - as the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching lamborghini . scroll down for video . jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today after leaving his green lamborghini parked on yellow lines . after spending 15 minutes inspecting a black ferrari , clarkson drove off in his eye-catching supercar . clarkson was also spotted at stamford bridge , cheering on chelsea as they drew 0-0 with arsenal . clarkson had met up with two people who were showing him black ferrari pininfarina 275 . he was inspecting the car as if he may have had an interest in buying it . after spending around 15 minutes looking at the car , he drove off in his lamborghini , which has italian number plates . clarkson , 55 , was sensationally sacked from top gear by the bbc last month after a ' fracas ' involving a producer during filming . this week richard hammond , 45 , joined james may in confirming he will not return to top gear following clarkson 's sacking , insisting on friday he had no plan to ' quit my mates . ' today , hammond told reporters at a charity bike rally that the future will be ' exciting ' but refused to speculate further on the future of top gear . the former top gear presenter stopped for a chat with tennis coach boris becker after the full-time whistle . clarkson did not seem to entertained by the match between the two london sides , which was a bore draw . jeremy clarkson ( left ) is seen with his top gear colleagues james may ( centre ) and richard hammond ( right ) outside his west london flat this week , in their first public appearance since he was sacked . he said : ' everybody knows what 's happened . that 's all been in the news . the future , nobody knows yet do they ? ' and i can not and wo n't speculate further than that . so do n't know , let 's see . it 'll be exciting whatever . ' hammond 's resignation marked another blow for the popular show , which has been marred by uncertainty since clarkson was axed . there is mounting speculation the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or another british broadcaster . producer olsin tymon had his lip split by clarkson in the march 4 assault and took himself to hospital with his injuries . the incident led to the bbc deciding not to renew clarkson 's contract after the current top gear series of top gear finishes . police investigated the attack but tymon told them he did not want to press charges and officers announced earlier this month they would ' not be pursuing the matter any further . ' and clarkson recently admitted had suffered a cancer scare around the time of the incident .