bbc programmes are set to move online as part of a new ' internet first ' strategy designed to compete with web services such as netflix and amazon . corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs , and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . but the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee , because viewers are currently able to use the bbc 's online services without paying for them . going digital : popular tv shows such as poldark could one day be migrating to the web as part of bbc plans to become an ' internet first ' broadcaster . matthew postgate , the bbc 's chief technology officer , said in an interview that the corporation needs to remain ' relevant ' to a new generation of viewers . ' it 's my job over the next five years to put in place the production foundations to be internet first , ' he told the financial times . he added that traditional media groups such as the bbc would have to ' learn lessons ' if they want to ' compete with organisations that were born in the digital age ' , which are not tied to the methods used to produce broadcast tv . online services such as netflix and amazon have increasingly been producing their own programmes in a bid to take on major broadcasters , while catch-up services including bbc iplayer have been growing in popularity . netflix has won plaudits for shows such as house of cards and orange is the new black , which can only be watched by subscribers who access the service through their computer , tablet or internet-enabled tv . hit : strictly come dancing is another popular bbc show which could be affected by the ' internet first ' plan . popular : but shows such as eastenders , pictured , have lost viewers thanks to the rise of the internet . the rise of catch-up tv , as well as the proliferation of digital services , has caused audiences to shrink dramatically - for example , the remake of poldark starring aidan turner attracted 6.9million viewers for its first episode , less than half the number who tuned in to the original series 40 years ago . while other programmes such as eastenders and strictly come dancing remain popular , primetime audiences are still much smaller than the highs they reached before the advent of the internet . matthew postgate was appointed the bbc 's chief technology officer on a salary of £225,000 - more than the prime minister - in july last year . he was previously head of bbc research and development , working on digital projects including high-definition internet broadcasts . mr postgate was also involved with developing the bbc iplayer , and was at one point in charge of the corporation 's mobile services . he was educated at bristol university , and worked as a telecommunications consultant before joining the bbc in 2003 . mr postgate was appointed last year on a salary of £225,000 to pick up the pieces after the failure of the £100million digital media initiative , which was scrapped by director-general tony hall . the strategy was designed to streamline all the bbc 's online services and give its staff access to the corporation 's whole archive at once , but it collapsed in 2013 . technology chief john linwood was sacked over the fiasco , but last year he successfully sued the bbc for unfair dismissal . mr postgate told the ft : ' rather than trying to deliver one large project , we 've been taking off the different components and moving forward . ' last year it was announced that bbc three , the youth-oriented digital tv channel , will be taken off the air and become internet-only . the move could herald a new wave of services moving to the internet - but mr postgate insisted that other channels will remain on broadcast tv for the time being , saying : ' bbc three was a brand that you could move from one platform to another relatively easily . ' mr postgate also predicted that more and more bbc services will be consumed via mobile phones and tablet computers rather than on traditional channels . he wrote in a blog post last night : ' we will increasingly use the internet to deliver programmes and services to you in the future - whether that 's to the big screen in the living room or the smartphones and tablets scattered over the house . ' radio 1 , which is also aimed primarily at young people , has expanded its online offerings via sites such as youtube - controller ben cooper said last month that it was ' no longer a music station ' but a 'multi-platform youth music brand ' . future : the bbc has increasingly been promoting its services on digital platforms such as iplayer . figures released in november showed that children spend half as much time as adults watching ordinary broadcast tv , but much more time watching online video . if the trend continues , the television licence fee could be under threat as viewers opt out of the £145.50 payment and watch online instead . it is thought that around 500,000 people take advantage of the so-called ' iplayer loophole ' , but that figure is likely to rise if more bbc services become online-only . mps recently called for the licence fee to be amended so that viewers who only use catch-up services will have to pay it . mr postgate said in a statement today : ' i 'm not talking about the bbc only putting its content online . my role is to make sure that the bbc’s technologies that underpin everything we do - from our newsroom infrastructure and new in-the-field production and editing tools , to how we keep the bbc on air and online - are set up in the best possible way , and take advantage of new internet-based technologies . ' when the digital media initiative ( dmi ) was launched in 2008 , it was hailed by bbc chiefs as ' the single most important initiative we are working on ' . but before a year had elapsed , it was floundering so badly insiders referred to it as ' do n't mention it . ' the bbc originally appointed it firm siemens to implement the scheme . but it ditched the company in 2009 as the project floundered and took it back in-house . by then , £26million had already been wasted but it is understood the bbc later recouped the cost from siemens . in february 2011 , the national audit office condemned the corporation over its handling of the dmi after it ran 21 months behind schedule . the public spending watchdog found the expected gains had been overstated and the difficulty of delivering it was underestimated . the public accounts committee criticised the bbc for awarding the contract to siemens without putting it out to open tender . the project was meant to allow production staff to access all video and audio material on their computers . as hundreds of staff moved to the corporation 's new headquarters in salford , this would prevent them having to transport tapes of archive material by road from london , reducing production costs . but the costs of the project continued to spiral to £98.4million until it was finally halted in may 2013 .