tv presenter and motorcycle racer guy martin is facing a police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone while reviewing the new aston martin . the 33-year-old , who presents speed with guy martin on channel 4 , wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar , which costs £203,000 , after test driving it on the isle of man 's tt course . he wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ' flat to the floor ' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of sulby , which is part of the tt race and has a speed limit of 40mph . tv presenter and motorcycle racer guy martin , who is facing a police probe after boasting he drove an aston martin at 180mph in a 40mph zone during a review . in the review published in the sunday times driving magazine , he wrote : ' i saw 180mph down sulby straight , one of the fastest sections of the course , and the car was n't even in top gear . ' he also added of how he roared around the course at 6am in the morning and that he probably completed the course only two minutes shy of the record for a car , which is 19 minutes and 26 seconds . mr martin also wrote : ' as soon as i passed union mills , on to a section with no speed limit , i thought : “ right , let’s have it . ” ' i was revving with excitement . i had n't been trying to set a time ; i just wanted to see what the car would do an a road i knew well and it was something like a 22-minute lap . ' mr martin was driving an aston martin vanquish , similar to the one pictured , when he claimed he reached the top speed . however , after the review was published earlier this month , police on the isle of man have confirmed they are looking into the incident which saw the racing driver allegedly going four times the speed limit . inspector derek flint confirmed : ' we are making some inquiries . ' the annual isle of man tt race sees motorcyclists descend on the island for one of the most eagerly anticipated events in the racing calendar . the race takes place on public roads , which are closed off for the duration of the event . in the review , published in a motoring magazine , he said he reached 180mph as he entered the village of sulby on the isle of man , pictured . mr martin has competed in the tt race on several ocassions , with a personal best of finishing second in the 2014 superbike race . he has also fronted a number of channel 4 shows including guy martin 's passion for life and our guy in india . recently he has been tipped to become a presenter on the bbc 's top gear , following the sacking of jeremy clarkson for punching a producer . 