apple offers a range of ways to unlock its devices from pins to passwords and fingerprints . but you could soon use a selfie to gain access to your apps and messages thanks to apple 's latest patent . the filing details a system of scanning a user 's face with the front-facing camera when the handset is moved into a certain position , and automatically unlocking the device if the image matches one on file . the patent ( illustrated ) was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week . it details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically . the patent was filed by the californian tech giant in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week . called ' locking and unlocking a mobile device using facial recognition ' , the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are ' inconvenient and time consuming ' . apple 's patent details a method for automatically unlocking a mobile device using a system comprising of ' capturing an initial image while the device is locked , monitoring a motion state of the mobile device to determine whether the device is moving or is motionless ; analysing the images to detect a user 's face and unlocking the device . ' android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as trusted face in the smart lock menu . it is an extension of face unlock that launched on android ice cream sandwich . once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . this relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . by comparison it appears that apple 's proposed system would track the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table . apple , instead , provides a method for automatically unlocking a mobile device using a system comprising of ' capturing an initial image while the device is locked , monitoring a motion state of the mobile device to determine whether the device is moving or is motionless ; analysing the images to detect a user 's face and unlocking the device . ' android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as ' trusted face ' in the smart lock menu . it is an extension of face unlock that launched on android ice cream sandwich . once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . this relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . by comparison , it appears that apple 's proposed system would track the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table . the screen would n't need to be enabled . instead , once the phone is moved and positioned in front of the face the camera would begin scanning . it will only unlock if the angle of the face matches , or is similar to , the one that was initially taken to avoid the phone unlocking simply when the phone is near a face . as apple explained : ' in one embodiment , the image is analysed for a facial profile of a human face , without regard to a specific user . apple 's proposed system tracks the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table ( flow chart shown ) . the screen would n't need to be enabled . instead , once the phone is moved and positioned in front of the face the camera would begin scanning for a face . android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as ' trusted face ' ( left ) in the smart lock menu . once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . the face icon between the whatsapp and chrome logo ( right ) shows the feature is enabled . ' in this case , the device will only need to determine that a human facial profile is present . ' it continued that once an allotted period of time has elapsed and a user 's face is not detected in any of the images , the device stays locked . ' in another embodiment , detecting the user 's face may also include verifying that the user is an authorised user of the device , ' the files continued . ' trusted face ' and smart lock are extensions of the face unlock feature that was launched on android ice cream sandwich ( pictured ) . this relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . ' the predetermined facial profile may be determined from an image that was previously captured by the device 's camera and stored in a storage of images of authorised users . ' chip maker qualcomm has unveiled its sense id 3d fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology . it uses ultrasonic sound waves to capture the ridges , sweat pores and more on the tip of a finger in greater detail than capacitive touch id sensors seen on the likes of apple and samsung devices . this not only makes it more accurate than other sensors , but it will also work even if the user’s hands are wet or have dirt or lotions on it , for example . phones running sense id are expected to launch later this year , but qualcomm did not reveal to mailonline which devices or manufacturers it is working with . the patent also suggests this feature could be used by multiple users , in the way that multiple fingerprints can be added to its current touch id system . ' in this case , the database of images of authorised users would contain an image for each user , ' it added . ' to match a facial profile in the subsequent image , the device would have to compare the subsequent image to each image in the database . ' furthermore , each authorised user may have an associated unlocking profile in the database that indicates what functions or applications of the device are enabled when the device is unlocked . ' phone makers are looking for alternative ways to secure devices while making them faster and more convenient to open . for example , fujitsu recently demonstrated its iris scanning prototype that lets people access phones , apps and online accounts by staring at an infrared sensor . this would work in a similar way to facial recognition , but is more secure and unique to an individual user . phone makers are looking for alternative ways to secure devices while making them faster and more convenient to open . for example , fujitsu recently demonstrated its iris scanning prototype that lets people access phones , apps and online accounts by staring at an infrared sensor ( illustrated ) .