a federal judge has approved a plan to resolve concussion lawsuits brought by more than 5,000 former players that could cost the league $ 1billion over 65 years . the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field . the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . the settlement approved on wednesday by a federal judge in philadelphia would pay them about $ 190,000 on average . senior us district judge anita brody ( left ) approved the deal on wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out . former philadelphia eagles fullback kevin turner ( right ) suffers from lou gehrig 's disease and led the lawsuit against the nfl . the settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $ 5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma . senior u.s. district judge anita brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out . the negotiators did not increase the original $ 765million plan , but agreed to remove that number as the cap . the deal means the nfl may never have to disclose what it knew when about the risks and treatment of concussions . players ' lawyers have argued that the settlement will help families get needed financial awards or medical testing that might take years if the case went to trial . the league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . nfl commissioner roger goodell ( above ) has been criticized for not doing enough to prevent players from getting concussions . the league 's top lawyer said brody 's approval ' powerfully underscores the fairness and propriety ' of the settlement . ' retirees and their families will be eligible for prompt and substantial benefits and will avoid years of costly litigation that — as judge brody 's comprehensive opinion makes clear — would have an uncertain prospect of success , ' nfl general counsel jeff pash said in a statement . the total nfl payouts over 65 years , including interest and $ 112million sought for lawyer fees , is expected to be more than $ 1billion . critics contend the nfl is getting off lightly given annual revenues of about $ 10billion . however , plaintiffs would have first had to fight their way into court — instead of getting booted to nfl mediation under their players ' contracts — to prevail . about 200 nfl retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually including the family of former new england patriots linebacker junior seau ( above ) . seau ( above ) committed suicide at his san diego-area home in 2012 after several years of increasingly erratic behavior . an autopsy showed he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy or cte . ' from a business point of view , ( the nfl has ) ... avoided what may have been the biggest risk to their continued prosperity , ' said andrew brandt , director of the sports law program at villanova university law school . ' removing this as a threat is extraordinary , ' he said . the nfl lawsuits , and similar suits filed later against the nhl , the ncaa and others , has fostered debate , discussion and safety reforms about sports concussions . yet the nfl games seem to be as wildly popular as ever . ' i know people talk about , it 's dangerous , and mothers wo n't let their sons play football . but i do n't see that . i do n't see that at all , ' brandt said . about 200 nfl retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually . they include the family of junior seau , the popular pro bowler who killed himself at his san diego-area home in 2012 after several years of increasingly erratic behavior . an autopsy showed he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or cte . the nfl earlier this year said concussions have dropped by 36 per cent after they changed the way players tackle ( above david bruton # 30 of the denver broncos lies on the ground in pain in 2014 ) . brody most recently asked for several tweaks , including partial credit for time played in nfl europe and other developmental leagues , to broaden the settlement . negotiators quickly agreed to her suggestions . she rejected other complaints raised at a november hearing , including those who say the agreement does not cover future deaths from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a degenerative brain disease that can only be diagnosed after death , or contemplate the day when it might be diagnosed in the living . others oppose the award reductions for older men and those who played fewer than five years in the league . ' although objectors insist that there must be compensation for cte , the nfl parties were unwilling to settle claims based solely on a ( diagnosis ) ... rather than on manifest neurocognitive deficits , ' the lead negotiators wrote in a march court filing urging brody to approve the deal . ' many of the behavioral and mood conditions claimed to be associated with cte are prevalent within the general public . '