kim sei-young will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the ana inspiration after carding a three-under-par 69 in california on saturday . the south korean , who led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club , birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress . kim returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth , before successive birdies on the 16th and 17th moved her to three under-par for the day and 10 under overall . kim sei-young has established a three-shot lead ahead of the final round of the ana inspiration . the south korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition . the 22-year-old , who won the pure silk-bahamas classic in february , is in good spirits as she chases her first lpga major victory . ' if i were to win it tomorrow , it would be the biggest dream ever to come true for me , ' kim told the lpga tour website . ' you know , just because , i 've watched this tournament since i was young . ' that 's why i feel i want it so much more , and i think the opportunity is there in front of me , and if i can , i definitely want to get my hand on it , and for sure it wo n't be bad jumping into that pond tomorrow . ' american stacy lewis is second after she shot a 68 with six birdies and two bogeys to lie seven-under . the 2011 winner is one shot clear of thailand 's ariya jutanugarn , who shot a best-of-the-day 66 , and american duo brittany lincicome and morgan pressel . world no 1 lydia ko toiled again , shooting her second consecutive over-par score , carding 74 . world no 1 lydia ko shot her second consecutive over-par score when she could only manage a two-over-par 74 , which included three bogeys and a birdie . the 17-year-old new zealander equalled annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive under-par round in the first round on thursday , but could not set a new mark when she could only manage a one-over-par 73 on friday . 