liverpool just edged past blackburn rovers in their fa cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th cup semi-final in the anfield club 's illustrious history . philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games but blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time . sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park . blackburn rovers : ( 4-4-2 ) eastwood 7 . could do nothing to stop philippe coutinho 's winner but did well to deny brazilian in the first half and even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time . simon even had a pop at goal himself with a brilliant turn in stoppage time after performing well in goal . henley 7 . solid at right back , he kept raheem sterling quieter than most full backs in the barclays premier league would . restricted in going forward as he kept an eye on england star . baptiste 8 . so often found in the way of liverpool 's shots , even though he was suffering with a hamstring injury . performed heroics at the back but could n't quite hold out before being substituted . kilgallon 8 . another solid performer , the skipper was unfazed by the challenge he faced from daniel sturridge and mainly restricted the england striker to potshots from range . matt kilgallon was another solid performer , the skipper was unfazed by the challenge of daniel sturridge . olsson 7 . could have gone down when under pressure inside the liverpool area but his honesty was his own enemy . solid at the back . conway 6.5 . industrious down the right but often restricted as he looked to double up on dangerous sterling . corry evans is no stranger to a challenge , and he put himself about in midfield , replacing jay spearing . evans 6.5 . no stranger to a challenge , put himself about in midfield after replacing cup-tied jay spearing . booked for desperate challenge on sterling . williamson 7 . tracked back really well and did his best to neutralise the threat of coutinho . could have given away a penalty in stoppage time for challenge on joe allen but referee made right decision . marshall 7 . creative force . provided the ammo for jordan rhodes and rudy gestede as they looked to take advantage of an unfamiliar back-line . unlucky to be denied by simon mignolet . ben marshall was unlucky to be denied when his header was saved by simon mignolet in the second half . cairney 6.5 . anonymous at times but then tested mignolet from range as rovers grew into the game early in the second half . rhodes 6.5 . subdued upfront and looked a poor replacement for gestede who had impressed at anfield . missed with key header in the first half . subs . gestede 6.5 ( for conway 64 ) . came on to energise blackburn as liverpool took control but aside from one chance he showed a lack of match fitness , struggling with a hamstring problem . spurr ( for baptiste 79 ) . no time to make an impact but kept things together well . rudy gestede came on to energise blackburn but aside from one chance he showed a lack of match fitness . liverpool : ( 4-2-3-1 ) mignolet 7.5 . recovered well from his emirates horror show . save from marshall on to the post in key moment . simon mignolet recovered well from his emirates horror show . saved from marshall in key moment . johnson 6 . played on the right of a back four . natural role for him and found chances to go forward but left gaps at times . sakho 5.5 . struggled from the start , looking uncomfortable on the ball and he picked up a hamstring problem . substituted after losing out to rhodes . lovren 6.5 . good return to the side , albeit against lower league opposition . team selection on saturday indicated he was fifth choice but anfield career not necessarily over . moreno 6 . comfortable evening on the whole with blackburn lacklustre down the right . little to do . alberto moreno had a comfortable evening on the whole with blackburn lacklustre down the right . little to do . lucas 6 . provided a solid base in midfield and moved the ball around well but not much penetration as liverpool toiled in first half . allen 5.5 . similar to lucas , could n't provide impetus where it was needed , though . may have handled in own area and later appeared to go down easily for late penalty shout . coutinho 8 . the star man in liverpool 's midfield again , and his goal sends them to wembley . clever move to find way to break blackburn down . philippe coutinho was the star man in liverpool 's midfield again , and his goal sends them to wembley . henderson 6.5 . his one-two with coutinho set up the winner but his deliveries from dead-balls left much to be required at times . sterling 6.5 . one of liverpool 's main threats as usual , playing down the left at ewood park . impact blunted as blackburn doubled up . booked . sturridge 5 . he 's not back at his best yet and it showed . seemed uneasy in taking on defenders at times and was restricted to shots from distance . daniel sturridge is not back at his best yet and it showed . he seemed uneasy in taking on defenders at times . subs . toure 7.5 ( for sakho 26 ) . solid in defence with lovren , he ably deputised when liverpool had to reshuffle early on and dealt with gestede and rhodes . lambert ( for sturridge 85 ) . no time . headed first touch wide . referee : kevin friend 7 . did all that could be expected of him . missed allen handball shout after ben marshall 's header but that would have been harsh . ignored penalty shout from same player in stoppage time . man of the match : philippe coutinho . a mercurial performance topped off with an excellent goal to decide the game . he knows how to make the difference in big moments for his club and liverpool benefited from that again . coutinho 's shot finds the corner to decide the game at ewood park after a lack of clear-cut chances .