as seasons go , this one has been pretty close to perfect for bristol city . runaway leaders in sky bet league one , they became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night - and in sensational style . hitting bradford city for six of the best in their own backyard saw them triumphantly over the finishing line , although given their free-wheeling and free-scoring form the result really came as little surprise . aden flint celebrates with a bottle of sky bet champagne following bristol city 's promotion . city players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from league one . and there’s more . add to that their memorable johnstone’s paint trophy victory at wembley last month - when walsall were comfortably beaten 2-0 in the final - and you have a truly historic campaign for steve cotterill’s team . the season has been a personal triumph for tall , tattooed defender aden flint , who has played a central role in returning city to the championship after two seasons away . his uncompromising defensive style has been combined with a knack of scoring from set-pieces , leading to 11 goals this season . flint was on target at wembley , fulfilling a childhood dream in the process , and also at valley parade on tuesday . the robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following victory against bradford city on tuesday . flint scores his side 's fourth goal of the game as city earn an impressive 6-0 at valley parade . ‘ when the players and the manager sat down at the start of the season , we had three aims , ’ he tells sportsmail . ‘ the first was to win promotion back to the championship , the second was to go up as champions and the third was to win the johnstone 's paint trophy . ‘ we 've managed to do two of the three and hopefully on saturday we can achieve the other . ’ that’s because city need another win to make absolutely sure they will be promoted as champions . the 25-year-old defender celebrates as the robins earned promotion to the championship in style . city manager steve cotterill celebrates promotion with a commemorative bottle of champagne . they currently lead preston north end by 10 points but the lancashire side have a game in hand and so three points are required against coventry city at ashton gate this weekend . ‘ nobody wants that runners-up medal . the aim was always to go up as champions and we’re close to achieving that , ’ flint says . ‘we’ve had that winning habit and it’s a good one to get in to . we’ve been top of the league for most of the season and to drop down to second now would be disappointing . ’ seldom does one team dominate a division in this way . the lowest city have been placed is fifth and that was after their opening day fixture . the robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the johnstone 's paint trophy . once again , flint ( right ) made a huge contribution , giving city the lead against walsall on march 22 . flint wheels away in celebration after sending his side on their way to another memorable victory . cotterill ( left ) and jay emmanuel-thomas look delighted as they celebrate with the trophy at wembley . they kicked on from there and set a ferocious pace throughout the autumn . since september 13th , there has only been one week when they haven’t been top of the pile and they have lost just three games in all competitions since the new year . not that success has been reserved for the league . they reached the fourth round of the fa cup , losing narrowly to premier league west ham , and claimed the trophy too in front of over 40,000 of their fans at wembley . flint said : ‘ i think any player dreams of scoring and winning at wembley . there really is n't a better feeling in football . it is right up there with the highlights in my career but i would say that if we win on saturday and go up as champions , that will push wembley out . ’ the defender’s goalscoring exploits have come as a surprise but he’s quick to credit his team-mates for the service : ‘ i did n't expect to score as many as five to be honest ! flint holds the jpt with pride as he celebrates the 2-0 victory against walsall last month . the defender was also named the sky bet league 1 player of the month for march . ‘ i 've just found myself in the right place at the right time to get on the end of all those set-pieces that have been delivered by the lads . ‘ aaron wilbraham has bags of experience with him and has scored over 20 goals this season . luke freeman and marlon pack have been providing plenty of assists , not just for me but for everyone . ‘ but everyone has chipped in , it has been a collective effort . the team spirit here has been the best i 've ever experienced and it 's been an enjoyable season . ’ promotion back to the championship could be just the beginning of an exciting chapter in the club’s 118-year history . aaron wilbraham ( right ) has scored 18 domestic goals for the high-flying robins this season . billionaire owner steve lansdown ( left ) is funding a renovation of the club’s ashton gate home . billionaire owner steve lansdown , who made his fortune in financial services , is funding a renovation of the club’s ashton gate home to expand the capacity to 27,000 and make it premier league-ready . and , according to flint , that’s precisely where the club is aiming : ‘ we aim high and should be in the championship , if not higher than that . ‘ it 's a massive city , i did n't realise how big it is until i moved here . it 's surprising that the place has n't got a premier league team and maybe we can change that . ‘ the chairman and the manager certainly have the ambition to achieve that . seeing bournemouth and brentford doing so well in the championship , nobody expected that and , who knows what will happen when we get there next season . ’ 