an old bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ‘ taking his eye off the ball’ and passing an ' unlawful ' sentence when letting a bt manager dodge jail for a £28,000 expenses scam . wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt . starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims . blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ' taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year . both starrs and tamplin , 53 , who made £124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses . tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing , but mr recorder stuart trimmer qc spared starrs jail as an ‘ act of mercy’ - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £1,500 fine . however , senior judge nicholas cooke qc has now said the sentence was ‘unlawful’ - and added starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes . ‘ it was an unlawful sentence passed and now i need to do something to put it right , because it was negligence on the parties involved in the matter , ’ he said . ‘ he was mercifully dealt with , sadly by a judge who didn’t have his eye on the ball . ’ the judge told mark haslam , defending : ‘ the sentence was wrong but that’s a matter of personal opinion . ‘ your client was fortunate to not go straight to prison . ‘ what the recorder did was to impose a package of sentencing options that wasn’t available to him . ‘ no one appears to have noticed that the sentencing imposed on mr starrs was unlawful . ‘ i am sorry to be the headmaster but we really don’t want this sort of thing . ’ fraud : wheelchair-bound starrs , 50 , was a manager with bt who admitted defrauding the company of £28,000 over two years . the recorder , who is the head of 4 bream buildings chambers and took the silk in 2006 , gave starrs a 16-month jail sentence suspended for two years and ordered to pay a fine , and allowed the confiscation proceeds to continue . but judge cooke said it was not possible to imposed a financial penalty at the same time as postponing a confiscation order . turning his fire on the barristers who were at the sentencing hearing , he added : ‘ this is supposed to be a centre of excellence , when you expect the representatives to point out what we can and can’t do . ‘ the judge should have been told what his powers were . ’ prosecutor john ojakovoh said starrs offered a ‘ blank cheque’ at sentencing and has already paid back the £28,000 he stole . after the judge heard the cps will now drop the confiscation proceedings , he said the original sentence will stand , quipping : ‘ he no doubt thanks his lucky stars . ’ both barristers admitted they had failed to spot the sentencing blunder at the time . the main fraudulent claim was for bt vehicles which had been ‘clamped’ by parking authorities . bt openreach workers are allowed to claim back parking tickets on expenses as they are regularly forced to park their vans illegally to carry out their work . the company pays out around £1million in fines in london alone every year . starrs and tamplin used an authentic clamping ticket to reproduce reams of duplicates . sentencing recorder trimmer , who has led a string of high-profile serious fraud office prosecutions in the last two years , said : ‘ this was a sophisticated fraud perpetrated over a very long period of time . ‘ it involved over 100 or so false claims , made within the context of a large organisation that was open to fraudulent activity . ‘ both of you were in the position of managers within that organisation and both well knew how open the organisation was to fraudulent activity . ‘ you both knew how it could be conducted , concealed and be made to benefit each of you personally . ’ starrs , of northolt , middlesex , who had worked at bt since 1988 , was excused from sitting in the dock because he is in a wheelchair . he was not at court today due to a mix-up over whether he was required to attend . 