like many women , i’ve long dreamed of a bigger bust . as a modest 34b i’ve experimented with every push-up , plunge and balcony bra there is , so i’m intrigued to learn of a new £150 bra that claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd in an instant . the scandfit try size — dubbed ‘ the boob-job bra’ — was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have . not surprisingly , it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day . scroll down for video . at a size 34b , annabel cole ( pictured without the bra ) has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery , so she decided to put ' the boob-job bra ' through its paces . i decided to put the design through its paces in three variations — a c cup , d cup and whopping dd ! starting with the smallest first , this is what i found . . . from b-cup to c-cup , but it 's too saggy . cleavage you can change like your clothes ? yes , please ! i’m terribly excited by the idea of the try size — even more so when it arrives packaged in a white leather box . soft , black and lace-trimmed , it comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four , according to their size . the inserts are measured in cubic centimetres , like surgical implants . the lightest , size one , weighs in at 50cc , followed by size two at 100cc , size three at 200cc and size four at 300cc . one added cup size is roughly equivalent to 200cc , and the idea is that the inserts can be layered in various combinations to create different sizes of cleavage . the scandfit try size ( pictured ) has been dubbed ‘ the boob-job bra’ and comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage . while the try size is pretty , it is also hefty . out of curiosity i plonk it on my kitchen scales : the whole package weighs well over a kilo . i had assumed that the inserts would be silicone , but these are filled with rice and resemble silky bean bags . apparently , rice is about the same weight by volume as surgical implants and can be moulded more realistically to your breast shape . each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts . annabel is seen here wearing the size three 200cc insert which takes her modest b cup to a c cup , she says she was sorely disappointed with the results of the rice filled insert on this occasion . i start cautiously with the size three 200cc insert , taking my modest b cup to a comelier c . the inserts prove easy to put in but the first hurdle comes with doing up the bra . unlike those i usually wear , this has four rows of hooks — presumably to cope with the maximum potential weight — and it takes me a few extra minutes to get them fully done up . once the bra is on , i feel let down . i’d been expecting some kind of ‘ hello boys’ perky bosom but i’m sorely disappointed . what i get is more like a real-life middle-aged c cup — ever so slightly droopy and a little lopsided . but i persist and push around the rice , patting and smoothing until it creates a soft , rounded shape . i decide to try out my new look on my harshest critics — my children . i throw on a tight t-shirt and wander into the kitchen . as i load the dishwasher , 12-year-old rosa peers at me and pipes up : ‘ your boobs look weird . what have you done ? ’ i come clean and explain . it doesn’t go well . elsa , 15 , snorts : ‘that’s pathetic ! ’ i try to explain that the bra simulates ‘ real cleavage’ and that i am going to be trying out various looks . ‘don’t bother , ’ she snaps . ‘ it makes you look fat . ’ ouch ! confident and sexy with d-cup . i decide to try my next look on a different audience . reasoning that my closest friend nancy is bound to be more supportive , i stuff my bra with the size three and size two inserts — 300cc in total — to give me a much-increased d cup . we’ve booked for lunch at a restaurant , but the problems start before i leave the house . what should i wear ? i try on a succession of tunic tops and soft blouses . with a b-cup they look pretty and feminine , but now they are too short and the fabric hangs down from the shelf created by my new boobs . to my horror , i look decidedly fat . annabel is seen here wearing the inserts that increase her bust size to 34d , although initially self-conscious of her significant cleavage , she was startled by how natural it made her boobs look . i resort to a clinging v-neck dress — a once-worn look-at-me frock bought for a wedding . it’s not what i’d normally wear , but i’m not dressing for myself now ; i am dressing for my cleavage — and it’s certainly eye-catching . nancy is terribly complimentary and i feel rather bouyed up , but as we sit down i feel the disapproving gaze of a couple of mums i recognise , who are lunching near by . do i look desperate ? at 43 , am i too old to show off my cleavage ? i feel self-conscious , but i press on . my husband and i have tickets to a west end show in the evening , so to ensure maximum impact i invest in an expensive low-cut dress on the basis that if i have ‘it’ ( even temporarily ) i might as well flaunt it . i am startled to see a new me in the mirror . the boobs look natural , not the typical half-moon shape that screams ‘ boob job’ , and i feel confident and sexier than usual . it works . my husband , not usually known for his ability to notice a new haircut , outfit or even one of his own children at a distance , cottons on instantly and compliments me in his own special way . ‘ you have a figure at last ! does it go bigger ? ’ getting backache with double ds . next , i try out the boob-job bra at the supermarket — and for this one , i decide to go all-in . with some trepidation i insert size four , size three and size two — 600cc in total . instantly , i am three cup sizes bigger than i’ve ever been . my posture changes at once : i am pulled forward by the extra weight , leaving me hunched over and exposing a vast swathe of cleavage to my fellow shoppers . pushing the trolley is even harder work than usual , and i now understand why women with large breasts complain of backache . my bust is enormous and looks wildly out of proportion with my 5ft 4in , size 8 frame . even walking at a stately pace , my chest jiggles alarmingly . i bend down to pick a box of cereal off the bottom shelf and worry that i’m about to suffer a wardrobe malfunction . finally , annabel tested out the 600cc inserts that increased her bust size to a 34e cup . annabel says she felt her bust became wildly out of proportion to her body as she is only 5ft 4in and a size 8 . i can’t ever imagine running for a bus with a bust like this . things are no easier at home . i crouch down to sweep the floor and my chest hits my knees ; i sit down for a snack and my bust slams on the table before the plate . and sleeping ? as i lie down , my boobs separate and sag to the sides alarmingly . i toss and turn but can’t get comfortable . i usually sleep on my side , but then my chest feels squashed . it’s even worse on my front . i try to snuggle up to my husband but once again my dds are in the way , though to judge by his reaction he doesn’t mind too much . finally , i remove two of the inserts and drop off flat on my back . the next day , i slip back into my normal 34b bra with great relief . while i’ll be bringing out the d cup on a special occasion — my husband’s birthday , for example — the stop-the-traffic cleavage is far too much for me .