it seems there is nothing that vivienne westwood can not transform , especially after she recently added a luxury penthouse hotel suite to her impressive design portfolio . following her venture redesigning flight attendant uniforms for virgin atlantic last year , the talented designer has turned her hand to the hotel business . breaking records for the largest suite in los angeles , the westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month , and it will cost a eye-watering $ 25,000 ( almost £17,000 ) a night . the master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , with cushions and a tapestry designed by westwood . would n't say no ! the luxurious bathroom from the designer hotel suite in la provides the perfect retreat . fashion-conscious travellers will not be disappointed as the 10th-floor penthouse - measuring 11,000 square feet with two levels - will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings , created in collaboration with richmond design . guests can spot westwood-designed prints , tiles and even scarves in the la suite , before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the vivienne westwood store in west hollywood , with an added discount . if this was not enough to tempt westwood fans , they will even receive his and her gift bags upon arrival . the english designer has waved her magic wand over the suite , with many furnishings featuring the iconic westwood pattern . what a view ! enjoy celebrating on the roof terrace , which holds up to 300 people . guests enjoy an outdoor dinner at the penthouse of the london west hollywood hotel in los angeles . jeff kulek , the hotel 's general manager , said in a statement : ' we are proud to unveil the city 's largest , most lavish and fashion-forward hotel suite , inspired by renowned designer vivienne westwood , and we look forward to impressing our discerning guests with all it has to offer . ' the suite overlooking la can hold 300 people for a private function and is part of the hotel 's $ 25 million ( approximately £17 million ) renovation project . for those looking to entertain guests , the suite has 5,000 square foot of private outdoor roof space , boasting breathtaking panoramic city views . ' we were initially approached by the london west hollywood to add inspiration to the penthouse with our prints and graphics , ' said andreas kronthaler , vivienne westwood 's husband and co-designer . the bi-level penthouse , inspired by vivienne westwood , is opening on may 18 at $ 25,000 a night . he added : ' we have specially curated rugs , wall-hangings and soft furnishings to bring a subtle element of our brand to the luxury apartment . ' it 's really exciting to see our designs translated into an interior space . ' the stylish pad comes with at an equally lavish price and guests will fork out a hefty $ 25,000 per night . the ' adventure ' tapestry is featured in the master bedroom suite and is from westwood 's spring/summer 2001 collection , exploration . make an entrance through the double entry doors which open onto a large foyer that connects to a 2,000 square foot grand salon with large corner sofas , bespoke cabinetry and rich furniture , accented by vivienne westwood cushions and upholstery . the central rug features westwood 's squiggle pattern and was first seen in her seminal 1981 pirate collection . the master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , and a tapestry from her spring/summer 2001 collection , exploration . the mirrored dressing room boasts black and white cut-out lace print wall coverings and an impressive marble bathroom with especially designed hand drawn westwood tartan , white on white , soft cotton towels , and a ceiling light , which casts shadows down onto a free-standing bathtub . the media room features specially designed beige and olive green enlarged dogtooth print fabric furnishings and a timber-lined ceiling , while central to the space is a large , wall-mounted tv screen alongside another of westwood 's wall hangings . this room includes a sofa adorned with a selection of westwood 's iconic scatter cushions . the dining room , able to seat 10 people , features a unique collection of stunning cotton and silk scarves from over the last 30 years , which were hand-picked exclusively from the designer 's archives , are framed and displayed throughout the room . guests can take an in-suite elevator or private staircase to access the penthouse 's magnificent 5,000 square foot rooftop terrace , which includes large daybeds and sofas . these are upholstered with custom white and deep blue squiggle print exclusive fabrics , grouped around a fire pit , with high bar tables below umbrellas , and specially made westwood unisex squiggle print towels in mink and blue , to complement the exterior furnishings .  