this is the moment a man slipped onto a subway track - and another instinctively leaped down to help him . surveillance footage from philadelphia 's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on wednesday night . he falls , and bystanders jump back in shock . but almost instantaneously , a man in an eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him . fallen : this man was walking close to the edge of philadelphia 's 15 street station platform on wednesday at 6.40pm when he tumbled . his would-be rescuer is seen walking along the platform ( center ) , initially unaware . shock : bystanders rushed back in shock as the fallen man dropped from view . the rescuer is behind a pillar . good samaritan : but within a second , the man in an eagles jacket ran back to the spot where the man fell . pulling the man to his feet , the good samaritan pushes him up toward the platform edge , where other passengers have gathered to pull both men to safety . within a minute , transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men , who are expected to survive any injuries . thomas nestal , police chief of philadelhpia 's transport department ( septa ) , hailed the unnamed good samaritan 's quick response , and the help of his fellow passengers . ' this was a case where everybody almost in view jumped in and got involved , ' nestal told nbc . nestel recommended that in future commuters should use the emergency phone to tell authorities to turn off the electricity on the line . leaping in : he jumped off the side as other commuters ran to alert the authorities . lifting him up : surveillance footage shows the fallen man looking shocked and frantic . pulled to safety : the good samaritan pushed the fallen man onto the platform then jumped up after him . ordeal : the pair lay on the platform in shock for a minute after making it off the subway tracks . the platform is one of many slated to be renovated and modernized in a four-year development project starting next year . septa plans to keep 15th street station open for pope francis 's visit in the fall , despite acknowledging that the platforms are small and outdated . however , work is already under way to stem persistent leaks from the concrete ceilings .