police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in sydney , including a young man who spent the night behind bars after he was found with almost 450 mdma pills . more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party ' midnight mafia ' at the sydney showground in homebush from 10pm on saturday night until 6am the next morning . police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue . according to nsw police , a 22-year-old marrickville man was found in possession of 441 mdma tablets . scroll down for video . a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets at ' midnight mafia ' ( stock pic ) . around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm saturday until 6am sunday . he was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in parramatta local court on sunday . a 23-year-old peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 mdma tablets and a wad of cash . he has been charged and has been was bailed to appear at burwood local court on 12 may 2015 . a 25-year-old allambie heights man was similarly charged after he was allegedly found with over $ 2500 cash on his person . additionally , a 22-year-old jesmond man was found with 35 mdma tablets and has been released pending further inquiries . police charged 20 people will drug-related offences at sydney showground in homebush ( stock picture ) . the 22-year-old man who was allegedly found with almost 450 pills faced court on sunday after a night in jail . a further 16 people were charged with possession of mdma tablets and three others were issued criminal infringement notices . during the operation 160 people were searched by drug dogs which resulted in 19 detections . four people were taken to concord hospital suffering drug related illnesses . they are all expected to make a full recovery . south west metropolitan region detective inspector gus viera said despite the significant arrests the crowd was generally well-behaved . ' new south wales police will continually arrest people who supply and use illicit drugs at dance parties . everyone has the right to attend these events and remain safe in a secure environment , ' said detective inspector viera . it comes after the best friend of georgina bartter , thesydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy at a dance party , pleaded guilty to supplying the drug that allegedly led to her death . ' there 's little to no quality control in the production of illicit drugs . quite simply , you do n't know what you are getting - seeking a synthetic high , could result in a serious injury or death . ' in spite of the number of arrest made the crowd was generally well behaved , ' said inspector viera . it comes after the best friend of a sydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy at a dance party , pleaded guilty to supplying the drug that allegedly led to her death . georgina bartter , 19 , collapsed at harbourlife festival in november and later died in st vincent 's hospital from multiple organ failure . friends of the university student told police at the time ms bartter had taken one and a half pills . georgina bartter , 19 , collapsed at harbourlife festival in november and later died in st vincent 's hospital from multiple organ failure .