former qpr manager harry redknapp feels he still has plenty to offer football but only at the right club , having turned down a 'mind-blowing ' offer to coach abroad . the 68-year-old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february , citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers , although he later claimed ' people with their own agendas ' had a hand in his departure and described the situation at the west london club as ' a bit of a soap opera ' . redknapp will return to the dugout on sunday , may 31 when he leads a star-studded men united xi against leyton orient legends , as o 's youth coach and prostate cancer uk ambassador errol mckellar hosts a charity football match at the matchroom stadium . harry redknapp ( right ) says he would consider a return to management as long as it 's at the right club . redknapp was speaking at the announcement of a men united xi vs leyton orient legends charity match . the well-travelled former west ham , bournemouth , portsmouth , southampton and tottenham manager , redknapp feels ' fit as a fiddle ' again following knee surgery and would relish another crack at a full-time job , but only under certain circumstances . ' it is difficult to know whether you want to go back in again , but if the right offer came along for the right job then i would consider it , because i do love the game and certainly do miss it , ' redknapp said . ' but unless it was the right job i would not bother . it has got to be something which i really wanted to do . ' it would not be a case of the money . i had an offer earlier this week to go and work abroad where the money was incredible , a mind-blowing offer , but at the moment it did not interest me . ' i have my wife here , my grandkids and everything else , so it has got to be something i wanted to do . redknapp resigned as queens park rangers manager with immediate effect in february . redknapp left the loftus road outfit citing knee problems behind his decision two months ago . the 68-year-old left queens park rangers with the club 19th in the premier league table at the time . ' i do n't have to work any more if i do n't want to at my age , but i feel fit as a fiddle and if i could go into a club somewhere , maybe try to get them up from the championship or somewhere in the premier league , then i might be interested . ' i could even work with a younger coach to help them and they could then take over as manager in a year or two , to help build the club up ; that is something which would interest me but we will have to wait and see what comes along . ' while it remains to be seen what chapter will be next in redknapp 's colourful management career , he hopes to see one of his former clubs bournemouth go on to secure promotion to the top flight for the first time , with the cherries currently top of the sky bet championship heading into the final three matches . he said : ' the job which eddie ( howe ) has done is second to none . he has been amazing , taking things on to another level . redknapp is full of praise for the job current bournemouth manager eddie howe has done at the club . the cherries sit top of the championship with three games of the season remaining . ' i ca n't see them not going up because they are the best team in the league , playing the best football in the division and are a pleasure to watch . they never change their philosophy home or away and are brilliant to watch . ' the owner has come in , max ( demin ) the russian , and has put his money in , helped take the club on . so you do n't know ( what they could do after promotion ) but i would just like to see them get there . ' redknapp lost close friend and former west ham team-mate john bond to prostate cancer and is backing the men united campaign to help raise awareness of the disease , which is the most common cancer in men with more than 10,000 deaths each year . he said : ' prostate cancer is something which can affect any family at any time so it is important that people come out to support this cause . ' we are all scared that if the doctor tells you that you have something wrong , but if you get there early enough it can be cured - you ca n't let it just go . ' redknapp lost close friend and former west ham team-mate john bond to prostate cancer . people are being urged to search men united and do something great with their mates via prostatecanceruk.org/menunited . tickets for the men united xi match are priced at £10 adults and £5 concessions , and are available from www.lofcdirect.co.uk .