an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger wearing a slouch hat . the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye . mr allan , from the archer river roadhouse , says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day . the 50-year-old describes it as ' the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years ' . an extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger in a slouch hat . it was easter monday morning when mr allan decided to take the boat out to weipa , a town in cape york which is north west of cairns , when he captured the amazing image . ' i was going out fishing at about 5.45am in the morning with my wife and some mates when i looked out at the horizon , ' he said . ' i saw the remnants of a storm cloud which oddly looked like a soldier in a slouch hat . ' i quickly took out my phone and grabbed a few shots of the clouds before it changed in the space of five minutes . i guess i was at the right place at the right time . ' the image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli . ' for those with a bit of an imagination , if you look closely at the clouds you can almost see facial features like a nose and moustache . it 's quite eerie but i think it 's also quite fitting considering it 's the centenary of gallipoli , ' mr allan said . ' it 's almost like the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years . ' an australian soldier stand during a ceremony for anzac day last year . this comes as travellers heading to anzac day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance . foreign minister julie bishop said more than 15,000 australians planned to attend overseas events commemorating the centenary of anzac day , with services in turkey , france , belgium , malaysia , thailand and papua new guinea . she said the 100th anniversary of gallipoli was a significant event for all australians . prime minister tony abbott said normal security precautions were in place at gallipoli . he would n't confirm reports australian spies and special forces personnel had been sent to turkey amid fears of a terrorist attack . he said appropriate security measures were in place for an international event of this scale . the government has prepared a series of anzac day traveller bulletins online . for all destinations , the government urges travellers to take out travel insurance and register on the smartraveller website . for turkey , travellers should have a high degree of caution because of the threat of terrorist attack . anyone travelling to turkey will need to obtain a visa and only those with attendance passes will be able to attend the official 2015 commemorations . for anzac day events in france and belgium , travellers are advised to exercise normal safety precautions .