a michelin-starred restaurant burned its first batch of asparagus after the drone flying it in crashed live on tv . ronald peijenburg , owner of the de zwann restaurant in etten-leur , has previously used a formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable . but the drone , which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks , crashed and exploded mid-journey in the netherlands . scroll down to video . crash and burn : the asparagus-delivering drone crashed part-way through its journey to the dutch restaurant . special delivery : the first batch of asparagus of the season was placed in a can and attached to a drone . ' you think you have a cool idea with a drone – how original can you be ? picking up asparagus with a drone , ' mr peijenburg told netherlands regional broadcaster omroep brabant . ' this is very , very sad because it was an amateur pilot , the owner of the drone , who organised this especially for me and brings his own toys . so this was n't supposed to happen of course . ' the pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed by a local tv channel . the dutch restaurant had to settle for a more traditional method of delivery following the crash . personal drones have surged in popularity with amazon alone selling 10,000 of them every month . however , learning to fly a drone — flying devices that often carry cameras and can be navigated remotely by smartphones or controllers — is something that requires some time and patience say experts . in flight : the drone carrying asparagus tips was flying them to a michelin-star restaurant in the netherlands . up in smoke : the drone operator looks on as the machine crashed into a field as it went to make an asparagus delivery to a top dutch restaurant . a tgi friday restaurant in new york launched mistletoe drone to tempt diners into kissing which backfired when a photographer , who was invited to cover the event , was struck in the face by the four-bladed machine . in february , a restaurant chain in singapore announced that it will start using drones as waiters operating from the kitchen and bar to the dining areas .    