a russian submarine close to the coast of britain may have dragged a trawler violently backwards after snagging in its nets , a fishermen 's organisation has claimed . the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland and the vessel was badly damaged . ardglass is one of northern ireland 's main fishing ports and local trawlermen are usually more concerned about hitting their quotas than cold war-style intrigue . violently dragged : captain paul murphy of the karen , a fishing trawler , holds up a snapped steel cable aboard his boat . the damage is thought to have been caused by a russian submarine . the incident happened off the coast of northern ireland and is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine ( file picture ) . the 60-foot boat 's captain paul murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident . nato exercises were held this week in northern scotland and ardglass fishing representative dick james said the alliance 's drills may have attracted russian interest . this week raf typhoons were launched to intercept two russian aircraft near uk air space , the ministry of defence has confirmed . mr james said : ' our defence forces are not up to much if a rogue submarine of unidentified nationality is tearing around the irish sea . ' last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down by a russian submarine while fishing off the scottish coast . the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland . alarming episode : the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident and was badly damaged . the trawler 's captain paul murphy points to an on-board computerised tracking system that shows his boat 's unusual movements during the incident . angus macleod , 46 , was fishing for haddock and skate when he became convinced that a hostile vessel was caught up below his boat aquarius . the submarine attempted to free itself , taking the 65ft vessel and his two-ton catch with it . recently russian warships reportedly used the english channel en route to military exercises in the north atlantic . the coastguard said the karen reported a collision at a point known as the calf of man not far from the isle of man . the skipper said the boat had been snagged and dragged backwards at speed . mr james added : ' you do n't need to go long at that until you go under . ' the four crew members scrambled to release wires connecting the net to the out-of-control trawler , which had been moving slowly forward but was suddenly sent careering backwards through the water . as the ship steadied the shaken seamen stopped to catch their breath but there was no sign of the cause . the vessel made its way back to ardglass and part of the deck had to be lifted because it was so badly damaged , and another section was ripped off . mr james added : ' it is a bl***y mess . ' he said royal navy protocols mean an incident like this would not happen involving a british submarine . he said : ' it is possible that it was a russian submarine . another recent alert : this week raf typhoons were launched to intercept two russian aircraft , believed to be ' bear ' bombers , ( stock image ) near uk air space . no explanation : experts said russian president vladimir putin 's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to british shores could be seen as an act of aggression . ' you can not always prevent it but if an incident like this did happen the ( royal navy ) protocols said that the submarine would immediately surface to check on the health and welfare of the people involved and this one did not . ' paul murphy , the skipper , said that he sat for five to 10 minutes catching his breath to see if the submarine would surface . ' it was a submarine , it had to be , it could not have been anything else . ' the incident came as britain hosted a nato exercise in northern scotland involving more than 50 warships . separately , the mod has said raf typhoons , from raf lossiemouth , were deployed ' after russian aircraft were identified flying close to uk air space ' . it said it could not comment on royal navy submarine movements or the fishing vessel incident . tensions over the ukraine conflict have soured relations between the west and russia , which is suffering from us and eu sanctions imposed because the kremlin is backing separatists in eastern ukraine . a map showing how jets were launched from raf lossiemouth on monday , shortly after hms argyll was deployed to monitor a russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the english channel . mr james , chief executive of the northern ireland fish producers ' organisation , said : ' there has been russian activity . there have been allied exercises going on , the russians have been taking an interest in it . ' the question mark now is what kind of a submarine was it ? ' if it was allied it should have been following an agreed protocol where this should not have happened . ' sinn fein northern ireland assembly member chris hazzard said the community was angry . he said : ' the fact that this submarine did n't even surface to make sure the fishermen were safe has caused considerable resentment in the area . it is totally unacceptable that a submarine would show such contempt for maritime workers . ' the skipper and his crew on the karen , and indeed all of the local fleet , deserve to know the truth about what happened . ' whether this is a british vessel attached to the hugely controversial trident system or a nato submarine in training , our local fishermen deserve justice . '