a historic spacex launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from florida under perfect conditions . within minutes of liftoff , the california company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform . but it did n't go to plan . billionaire founder , elon musk , tweeted : ' ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . ' scroll down for video . the booster appears to have landed but elon musk said that ' excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over . spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by musk reveal that the booster landed successfully . the impact of landing , however , caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket . landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky . spacex once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . despite being destroyed , the booster 's flyback marks another step in the company 's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown , potentially slashing launch costs . ' this might change completely how we approach transportation to space , ' spacex vice president hans koenigsman told reporters during a prelaunch press conference . elon musk tweeted this image of the booster coming back down to earth . musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . the booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ' just read the instructions ' in the atlantic ocean . while the booster landing did n't go to plane , the launch was successful . it took place at 4.10 et from florida under perfect conditions , after a attempt had to be scrubbed on monday due to lightning . the 208ft ( 63 metre ) tall falcon 9 rocket , carrying a dragon capsule , thundered off its seaside launch pad at cape canaveral air force station at 4:10 p.m . the falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300lb ( 1,950 kg ) of food , clothing and science experiments to the iss - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts . the supplies should arrive the six space station astronauts on friday . the rocket was was due to take off yesterday , but the launch was scrubbed due to bad weather . on board the dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . the italians in charge of the project hope to revolutionise coffee-drinking in space . spacex , meanwhile , hoped to transform the rocket business by landing the first-stage booster on a platform floating a few hundred miles off florida 's northeastern coast , near jacksonville . the dragon - the only supply ship capable of returning items intact - will remain at the iss until around may 21 . at liftoff time , the orbiting lab was soaring over australia . the delivery of food and equipment will arrive friday . soon after the launch , elon musk tweeted : ' ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' . dragon , the spacex supply ship , holds more than 4,000 pounds of food , science experiments and equipment for the six space station astronauts . musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . first-stage boosters normally just slam into the atlantic and sink . the booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ' just read the instructions . ' the dragon — the only supply ship capable of returning items intact — will remain at the space station until around may 21 . during a previous landing attempt in january , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . a second attempt in february was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . the launch sequence as it happened . all stages of the launch went to plan , except for the landing of the lower part of the rocket . spacex once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . on board the dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . the isspresso machine uses a normal lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . the granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ' rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . musk recently unveiled the images of the falcon 9 failed landing after persuasion on twitter by the game pioneer behind doom , john carmack . the images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . after it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . billionaire musk described the event simply as a ' rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . as well as the espresso machine , the spacex dragon supply ship also holds experiments for nasa 's one-year space station resident scott kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . russian cosmonaut mikhail kornienko also will remain on board until march 2016 . this will be the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . spacex is one of two companies hired by nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . as well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with nasa , spacex is working on a passenger version of the dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . the company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . the falcon heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . at cape canaveral air force station 's space launch complex 40 , a spacex falcon 9 rocket stands ready to boost a dragon capsule on its fifth commercial resupply mission . this image was taken on monday , before the attempt was scrubbed due to bad weather . this was space x ' third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge . pictured is group 's first attempt to put the stage on an autonomous landing platform at sea , which was held in position using deep-sea oil rigs . the attempt ended in fuel and oxygen combining in an explosion .