a dutchman abducted by al qaeda in mali nearly four years ago has been freed after a raid by french special forces . the french military said the rescue of sjaak rijke took place at 5am today in the far north of the african country . french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured . but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time . scroll down for video . dutch national sjaak rijke ( seen , above , in a video in august 2012 while being held hostage by an al qaeda splinter group ) has been rescued by french special forces nearly four years after being captured in mali . mr hollande 's statement did not identify who was holding rijke , but the dutchman appeared in a video posted in november by al qaeda in the islamic maghreb . some 3,000 french forces are taking part in the mission to stabilize mali , which was overrun by al qaeda -linked extremists until french troops came to the aid of malian soldiers in january 2013 . rijke was abducted by extremists in november 2011 from a hostel in timbuktu along with two other people . a german died in the attack . officials in france and the netherlands did not say whether there was any news of the other two . however , it is thought they are still being held . safe : a picture released and muzzed by the french army and the french defence ministry shows al qaeda hostage sjaak rijke ( with his face obscured ) with french soldiers after being rescued in mali this morning . france said rijke was safely evacuated to a french operating base in tassalit . hostage-taking has proved to be a lucrative business in mali , other sahel countries and further afield in the war zone of syria and iraq . dutch foreign minister bert koenders said rijke is being cared for by dutch embassy staff and troops in mali , and is doing well under the circumstances . ' this is fantastic news for sjaak and his family . i 'm happy and relieved that this terrible period of uncertainty and sadness has been brought to an end , ' koenders said .