for six months chris rowe was plagued by an irritating cough . repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - the 31-year-old was most likely suffering a ' simple ' virus . the father-of-one , whose wife kate is expecting their second child in june , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months - despite reporting on one visit that he was coughing up blood . but , after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a & e . there , an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones . chris rowe , pictured with his pregnant wife kate and their three-year-old daughter , sophia , was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones , in december . after suffering a persistent cough for six months , he visited doctors five times in two months . but he was sent home each time , reassured he was most likely suffering a virus . but after coughing up blood and being taken to a & e , an x-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old 's lung . he has been told his cancer is inoperable , but mr rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life , so he can create memories with his young family . his wife kate , 28 , is set to give birth to a baby boy , a little brother for the couple 's three-year-old daughter , sophia , in june . mr rowe , from gloucester , said he hopes that by sharing his story , others will be aware of the symptoms of lung cancer . he is a non-smoker and lives a healthy lifestyle , he said , adding the diagnosed came as a huge shock to him and his wife . ' i went to the doctors five times in just two months because my cough would n't go , ' he said . ' it all started after i came back from a great holiday at center parcs . ' i began coughing up blood which was really frightening but after visiting my doctors i felt relieved as they were adamant that i had a virus , and i was advised to keep taking ibuprofen . ' i trusted that i must be ok but when i started suffering from a dull ache in my ribs and i coughed up more blood , i ended up in a & e two months later . lung cancer is one of the most common and serious types of the disease . more than 41,000 people are diagnosed with the condition every year in the uk . often in the early stages of the disease there are no signs or symptoms . but , many people with the condition will eventually develop some symptoms , including : although people who have never smoked can develop lung cancer , smoking is the main cause - in about 90 per cent of cases . the disease mainly affects older people . it is rare in people younger than 40 , while rates rise sharply with age . it is most commonly diagnosed in those aged 70 to 74 years old . due to the nature of the disease , not presenting symptoms , it often spreads before it is diagnosed . as a result , the outlook for patients with lung cancer is not as good as for those with other forms of the disease . around one in three people with the condition will live for at least a year after their diagnosis , and one in 10 will live at least five years . source : nhs choices . ' it was after an x-ray while in hospital that they found i had a tumour in my lung . ' i 'm trying to focus on creating as many memories with kate and our children as possible , i want to ensure i 'm in their lives for as long as possible . ' in december , mr rowe was told his cancer had spread to his liver and bones - the tumours were inoperable and treatment would only be able to prolong his life . after an appointment with a lung cancer specialist in february , it was agreed that the 31-year-old could undergo the strongest chemotherapy available on the nhs . ' i was hoping it would be a benign tumour as i 'm young , fit and healthy but sadly that was n't the case , ' said mr rowe . ' kate and i were so shocked as there is no history of any type of cancer in my family . ' he is facing chemotherapy in the hope it will shrink and maintain his tumours , to give him time to watch his children grow up . ' our little girl , sophia helps keep my spirits high , ' he said . ' i 'm so excited to meet our baby boy , max , in june too and that definitely helps keep me going . ' my wife , kate , friends and family have all been so supportive and that makes things a little easier too . ' mr rowe , who owned his own plastering business , was forced to sell the company in its 10th year . ' it was heartbreaking to sell my business , but i had no choice , ' he said . ' i knew i could n't continue with such a physical job while going through chemotherapy . ' it has made me very tired and weak so selling it was n't an option , i had to . ' i am in constant pain with the cancer and i feel very sick most of the time due to the chemotherapy . ' had he been older , mr rowe said he suspects his cough would not have been dismissed so quickly . mr rowe has been told his cancer is inoperable , but is undergoing the strongest chemotherapy available on the nhs to try and shrink his tumours and give him more time with his wife , daughter and their baby . ' i 'm not one of those people who visit the doctor for no reason and they could see that from my medical records , ' he said . ' i knew something was seriously wrong , but no-one would listen to me because i 'm deemed too young for lung cancer . ' but my story proves that it can happen to anyone and maybe if i was n't ignored for two months then my prognosis might have been better . ' i hope other people read my story and look out for the symptoms of lung cancer so they can get an earlier diagnosis . ' a fundraising page has been set up for mr rowe by his friend of 20 years , lee bowtell . dozens have since rallied to raise more than £10,000 in just two weeks . the aim is to help support the family financially after mr rowe was forced to sell his business . ' it 's unbelievable how well the fundraising page has done already , it 's amazing how many people want to help us and i ca n't thank lee enough for setting it up , ' said mr rowe . ' it has taken a huge strain off of our family and we feel like i can focus on max 's arrival in june rather than how to cope financially . ' to support the family , visit mr rowe 's gofundme page here . mrs rowe , 28 , is due to give birth to a little boy in june . mr rowe , said : ' our little girl , sophia helps keep my spirits high . i 'm so excited to meet our baby boy , max , in june too and that definitely helps keep me going ' .