radamel falcao could still sign permanently for manchester united after it emerged that chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday over the striker’s future . falcao , who has scored just four times for united since his season-long loan move from monaco , drew another blank at stamford bridge against chelsea on saturday evening . but woodward told monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev last sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season . manchester united could sign radamel falcao permanently after holding talks with monaco on sunday . the striker has endured a frustrating season on loan at man united and has managed just four league goals . vasilyev said : ‘ i saw the manchester united people last sunday and they have not yet decided if they would exercise the option.. . ‘it’s not his best season , but they kept the opportunity to make a decision at the end of the season . ’ although it seems highly unlikely that united will keep the colombian striker , falcao has been given hope of a second chance under dutch coach louis van gaal . under the terms of the original loan united would have to pay £43.5m for the forward , but it has since emerged that monaco are willing to negotiate on the transfer fee after a disappointing season at united . vasilyev added : ‘ we are not in any other negotiations , even if big clubs are interested . the decision is with manchester , then we will discuss with the player what he wants . i would like to have more visibility . ’ falcao missed last summer’s world cup in brazil following a knee injury and it is thought he rushed his recovery in an attempt to play in the tournament for colombia . under the terms of the loan united would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but monaco are willing to negotiate . manchester united chief executive ed woodward spoke with monaco president vasim vasilyev on sunday . vasilyev added : ‘ he had mishaps in monaco . he had problems with the coach claudio ranieri , there was a lack of understanding . ‘ he was also seriously injured and missed the world cup . in late august , he came to tell us that he wanted to play at a higher level . ” ranieri has since been replaced by leonardo jardim and he has backed falcao to rediscover his goalscoring form after a frustrating season at united . jardim , speaking ahead of wednesday’s champions league clash with juventus in the stade louis ii , is preparing for his return at the end of the season . jardim , speaking ahead of his side 's home clash with juventus , is confident falcao can get back to his best . the portuguese coach said : ‘he’s not had a great season that is true , but i’m sure he can come back to the levels he was at in the past - that much i’m convinced about . ‘it’s not a question for me , but for the players , i’ve only worked with him for a month . ’ monaco lost the first leg last week in the juventus stadium to a controversial penalty and face massimiliano allegri’s team in the second leg .