as a young girl , chelsea clinton learned to keep secrets . but she also learned to call the secret service ' pigs . ' that 's a claim from former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff . as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone . a member of her secret service protective detail came in behind him to take the clintons ' only child to school . ' oh , i’ve got to go . the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , according to payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement . ' faced with an angry agent who reminded her in no uncertain terms that it was his job to protect her , chelsea replied : ' well , that’s what my mother and father call you . ' scroll down for video . ' pigs ' : chelsea clinton ( right , in 1995 ) allegedly referred to the secret service with an offensive counter-culture epithet , and said she learned it from her parents . shame : chelsea ( center ) accompanied her parents and their dog to the marine one chopper in 1998 , just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities . chelsea now shares leadership of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation , which would n't respond to questions about the ' pigs ' episode . while the political world was focused tuesday on republican rand paul 's presidential coming-out party , politico published an excerpt of ' the residence : inside the private world of the white house . ' the book that could prove problematic for democratic front-runner hillary clinton , the former first lady , senator and secretary of state . the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation did not respond to a request for comment about whether payne 's recollection is accurate . chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents . but that snippet from america 's hidden history is just the tip of the iceberg . skip allen , a clinton-era white house ' usher ' – a high-ranking butler – said in the book that bill and hillary were ' about the most paranoid people i 'd ever seen in my life . ' ' pitched battles ' : hillary ( left , with the former president in august ) , once threw a ' heavy ' object – believed by staff to have been a table lamp – across the room , kate andersen brower writes in her new book ( right ) . allen , who served under multiple presidents , told author kate anderson brower that he preferred to work for first families he genuinely liked , rather than pretending he had warm feeligns for his employers . ' but we pretend very well , ' he added . another usher , chris emery , found himself uncerimoniously fired for helping former first lady barbara bush with technical computer questions . he had taught her how to use a pc during president george h. w. bush 's one term in office . when the clintons saw a log of his calls , they feared he was leaking their secrets to the bush clan – something he insists he never did . ' i was out of work for a year , ' emery says in the book . ' they ripped the rug right out from under me . you wonder what they 'd do to someone who 's really powerful . ' at the height of the sex scandal that saw bill clinton admitting he frolicked with intern monica lewinsky in the oval office , one white house maid was astonished to find the first couple 's marital bed drenched in blood , according to brower . explaining an injury , the president claimed publicly that he had ' hurt himself running into the bathroom door in the middle of the night . ' but one white house domestic told brower that 'we’re pretty sure ' hillary ' clocked him with a book . ' disputes : white house domestic employees said they heard hillary ' clock him with a book ' during the monica lewinsky scandal . ' there were at least 20 books on the bedside table for his betrayed wife to choose from , ” she writes , ' including the bible . ' for at least three months in 1998 , according to ' the residence , ' the leader of the free world ' slept on a sofa in a private study attached to their bedroom . ' ' most of the women on the residence staff thought he got what he deserved . ' and brower ; s research surfaced white house residence staffers who described how the first couple sometimes got into ' pitched battles ' during their eight years in washington , ' shocking staff with their vicious cursing . ' payne once came upon two butlers listening to a particularly aggressive dispute through a doorway . he heard mrs clinton yell : 'g*ddamn b*stard , ' he told brower . hillary subsequently threw a ' heavy ' object at him , in brower 's telling . ' the first lady 's temper was notoriously short ' during the early months of the scandal , according to the book . when butler james hall was serving tea and coffee during a reception for a foreign leader and another employee forgot to clear the china , she snapped . ' you must have been staring into space ! ' he recalled mrs. clinton saying . ' i had to take the prime minister’s wife’s cup . … she was finished and looking for some place to put it . ' affair : former white house staff revealed their secrets about daily life inside the presidential mansion , including how they knew bill clinton and intern monica lewinsky ( seen together ) were sexually involved . happy birthday , mr. president : when jackie kennedy was away , a white house worker stumbled across her husband , john f. kennedy ( pictured , right , speaking to marilyn monroe in 1962 ) , swimming naked in the pool with other women . hall sais he was n't asked back to perform his duties for a month . other presidents figure in brower 's book , including john f. kennedy . when then-first lady jackie kennedy was away at the couple 's farm in virginia , a white house worker apparently stumbled across her husband swimming naked in the mansion 's pool . and jfk was not alone : he was apparently joined by several female white house secretaries . naked women were also sighted on the second floor of the building when mrs. kennedy was away . other revelations in the book include jimmy carter 's sons ' passion for bongs – their rooms were constantly filled with smoke – and their father 's ' uncontrollable sobbing ' after losing the election . and white house domestic employees told brower how lyndon johnson adored washing in a specially-built , powerful shower , while nancy reagan rejected white house chefs ' meals and gave them seemingly impossible deadlines .