police are offering a £5,000 reward for information on the whereabouts of a ' very dangerous ' convicted murderer who is on the run after being released from jail on licence . william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull . he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort , who was found dead in 1996 . hunt : there is a £5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of convicted killer william kerr , pictured . crimestoppers is now offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of kerr - who police said must return to prison ' as a matter of urgency ' . a spokesman said : ' police have described kerr as a very dangerous man and it is urgent that he is returned to prison after this breach of his licence . victim : maureen comfort was found dead in january 1996 after being murdered by kerr and christopher moody . ' we understand that it might be someone that knows him personally who is aware of where he is , and for that reason , i would urge you to contact crimestoppers , completely anonymously , safe in the knowledge nobody will ever know you spoke to us . ' do the right thing and tell us where kerr is . ' north yorkshire police have previously warned members of the public not to approach him but to call 999 if they spot him . officers believe kerr , who has links to the humberside and west yorkshire areas , may attempt to book in to a hostel in london under a false name . he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on january 23 , and police announced last week that he had gone missing . appealing directly to kerr , detective inspector eamonn clarke of north yorkshire police said : ' william , you know you have breached your licence conditions , and by continuing to do so you are only making things worse . it is now time to do the right thing and hand yourself in to the police . ' kerr , who speaks with a scottish accent , was jailed along with christopher moody for the murder of 43-year-old maureen comfort , whose body was found in a cupboard in her flat in leeds . she was last seen alive on december 4 , 1995 , and her strangled body was found by relatives on january 8 , 1996 . to qualify for the reward , anyone with information should contact crimestoppers directly over the phone or online .