derry mathews will take on venezuelan knockout artist ismael barroso for the interim wba world title after richar abril pulled out of their april 18 date . abril has been elevated to ‘ champion in recess’ with darleys perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division . abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against mathews in march after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite and he withdrew again this week as he is still reeling from the after-effects of the virus that has left him unable to train . liverpool 's derry mathews ( left ) will go head-to-head with ismael barroso for the interim wba world title . derry was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril but will instead face barroso on the april 18 date . mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot with abril , who was twice forced to withdraw through illness . southpaw barroso , a frightening puncher from el tigre , has recorded 16 knockouts from 17 wins in his 19 fights ( two draws ) , with 11 quick wins coming inside the first three rounds . although liverpool ace mathews is disappointed that he wo n't be facing the champion abril for the belt , the main consolation for him is that he will still challenge for a version of the world title . and mathews believes that his higher level of experience : 48 fights over 15 years ; 18 championship title fights ; 264 career rounds and 20 knockouts from 37 wins , vastly outweighs barroso’s and will give him the vital edge over the south american hitman . ‘it’s unfortunate that abril’s pulled out again , but things in life happen for a reason and i’m delighted to still be fighting for a version of the wba world title and i’m headlining the echo arena in front of my home fans , ’ he said . in his absence wba lightweight champion abril ( right ) has been elevated to ‘ champion in recess’ . ‘i’ve seen some footage of him , he’s strong , with big right hands and left hooks and and can take you clean out , but i’m not going to be in a position to let him do that to me . ‘barroso’s a very dangerous fighter and a massive , massive , puncher . just look at his record , he’s banging people out left , right and centre and it makes frightening reading , but when i saw it i said straight away i’ll have this guy because i know that i can beat him . ‘i’ve been in this sport for over ten years ; i’ve had more knockouts than he’s had fights ; twice as many fights as him , and three times as many championship fights , in terms of experience he’s not on my level and i can use all of my experience to my advantage . ‘ even with the change of opponent at this stage , plus the change from abril’s orthodox style to barrosa’s southpaw style , we still have some time to study him and my trainer danny vaughn is confident we can come up with the plan to beat him . i’ll beat anyone at the moment with the way i’m feeling . ‘i’m in with a massive puncher , but i can punch a bit myself so the crowd will be in for an exciting fight and i can see me flattening him . if the opportunity comes to take him out early i’ll take it , but i know i’ve got to be smart in there . ’ 