west ham manager sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ‘ back door’ into european football via the fair play league . the hammers started the season strongly and looked a good bet for european qualification around christmas before their form fell away , with a mid-table finish now all-but certain . but a reprieve could be granted by the fair play league , with allardyce’s side topping the barclays premier league table for their good behaviour , just ahead of burnley . if west ham finish top of the pile and england’s top flight is within the top three ‘fair-playing’ leagues in europe – which it was on last count - they will earn a europa league place . sam allardyce 's west ham are top of the premier league fair play table , sitting just above burnley . the hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against stoke in their last match . where do the english teams stand ? 1 . west ham . 2 . burnley . 3 . liverpool . 4 . manchester city . 5 . southampton . qualification via fair play would see the hammers enter the competition at the first qualifying round , playing their first game on july 2 and competing in up to six games before the premier league season even starts . but allardyce , who takes his charges to face champions manchester city on sunday , just wants to qualify and doesn’t care how he does it , or when the season restarts . ‘it’s a headache but you’ve got to take the opportunity if it arises , ’ he said . ‘ it might be seen as the back door , ( but ) it’s an opportunity to play in europe . ‘ i think every player wants , not come back that bit earlier , but certainly to play in europe because this club hasn’t been in that position to play in europe for a long time . ’ allardyce’s upton park future hangs in the balance with his contract expiring in the summer and a section of fans demanding he is replaced at the end of the season , but he has already been involved in meetings concerning pre-season plans . allardyce is out of contract at west ham in the summer which leaves his managerial future in the balance . ‘ the difficulty is the fact that we don’t know when , yet , whether we’re going to finish in that spot , ’ he said . ‘ and so we’ve already planned for either . one in it and one out of it , and obviously if we’re in it we’re back earlier , a few days earlier . if we’re out of it ( the europa league ) we come back on july 1 , which is one of the smallest close seasons we’ve had in a long time . ‘ and even then international players won’t be back on that date , either earlier or on the first of july because they won’t be finished international duties until the middle of june . ’ aaron cresswell ( left ) and mark noble ( right ) could be playing europa league football next season . conceding late goals in games to drop points has been a trend for west ham of late , topped off by mark arnautovic’s 95th-minute equaliser for stoke city at upton park on saturday . allardyce hopes that run of misfortune will end at the etihad stadium . ‘it’s been a terrible thing for our results in terms of points to performances in general , ’ he said . ‘we’ve got to make sure that we focus and if we’re in that position again ( leading late on ) , don’t show the type of nerves we showed last week . ‘ i think we got exceedingly nervous in the last few minutes and made basic mistakes which kept allowing a bit of pressure and stoke took advantage of it . ’