ufc superstar ronda rousey left her trademark deadly glares and lethal arm bar at home for the los angeles premiere of blockbuster action film fast & furious 7 . rousey , the ufc’s bantamweight champion , appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk with her mma skills used to full effect . she stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by london designers house of cb and a pair of tania spinelli heels for the event at the tcl chinese theatre in hollywood . ufc star ronda rousey poses in front of a fast car at the premiere of action film fast & furious 7 . the ufc bantamweight champion was all smiles at the hollywood event at the tcl chinese theatre . the look impressed rousey 's mother dr annmaria , a former world judo champion who used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds , as she posted an image saying : ' my little pumpkin grew up . ' the premiere follows rousey’s acclaimed debut wwe appearance in wrestlemania 31 , in which she paired up with her furious co-star the rock for the event’s crescendo . fans definitely liked what they saw when rousey helped the rock take down the authority , otherwise known as wwe co-owner stephanie mcmahon and triple h ( real name paul levesque ) , and chanted her name at monday’s wwe raw . a twitter post from rousey in which she says , ‘ we 're just gettin ' started’ alongside a picture of herself and the rock giving their sternest looks , fuelled speculation this could become a regular deal . rousey 's mma skills are used to full effect in the seventh film of the franchise out on april 3 in the uk . rousey wore a sleek black dress and heels , but managed a steely glare usually reserved for her opponents . rousey is a massive wwe fan - she chose her nickname ‘rowdy’ after and with the blessing of canadian wrestler roddy piper and has been in the crowd many times . but this was her first time as an official participant and her arm bar on mcmahon was only bettered by her throwing triple h , at 6ft 4in and 265 pounds , over her shoulder like a rag doll . however , rousey’s agent brad slater told ariel helwani on fox sports’ ufc tonight on wednesday that it was a one-off and that her focus is on her next ufc fight against brazilian bethe correia in the headline bout for ufc 190 . rousey puts her game face on to take down wwe co-owner stephanie mcmahon at wrestlemania 31 . rousey throws triple h over her shoulder and into the canvas as the rock watches on . but not before she adds another film project to her resume . after featuring in an epic fight scene with michelle rodriguez which she describes as ‘ a super oestrogen-pumped all-female fight scene’ , rousey will be the star of a new peter berg action release , mile 22 , which goes into production in april . including furious , rousey has now appeared in three feature films after playing herself in the entourage feature and alongside arnold schwarzenegger and sylvester stallone in the expendables 3 . 