unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ‘own’ the labour party and its policies . ‘ the labour party is our party . we built it , to serve us’ , he declared and went on to say : ‘ these are our policies…they are now within our grasp . ’ the boast comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour’s budget . the arrogant claim by the former scottish first minister , who is running as an snp candidate , was featured on the front page of yesterday’s mail . unite boss len mccluskey , pictured , boasted that the trade union movement ' owns ' the labour party . the intervention of mr mccluskey , so soon after mr salmond’s mocking remarks , is another humiliation for ed miliband . it comes in a foreword to unite’s magazine . mr mccluskey urges his members to ‘ take back our country’ and ‘ restore decency , dignity and justice’ . he says : ‘ the labour party is our party . we built it , to serve us , the people . never forget , the rich and powerful have their party , the tories . and ukip is no friend – they are frauds , charlatans who will roll back every advance won by working people . ‘ one may 7 , we can vote for a government that will build homes , give our kids hope , save our nhs and attack the evil of zero hours , hire and fire working . ‘ these are our policies . these are the changes that you have been fighting for these five long years . they are now within our grasp . ’ he goes on to warn : ‘ do not for a moment forget this : should cameron and his cronies win on may 7 , they will change our nation forever – but not for better . ‘ cuts that will take us back to the darkest days of the 1930s . attacks on unions will place us in chains so we can not defend you , our members . ’ the article is mr mccluskey’s first major intervention in the election campaign . trade unions gave labour £737,948 out of the £1.1million the party raised this week – the second week of the election campaign . this is the equivalent of £1.22 every second from trade union . unite gave £112,000 according to official figures published by the electoral commission . but this was dwarfed by health workers’ union unison’s £311,875 and the union of shop , distributive and allied workers’ £300,481 . however , last week unite gave labour £1million and has provided £14.4million since mr miliband won the labour leadership . he was a surprise victor in the 2010 leadership election thanks largely to the support of the unions . the labour leader was even serenaded by unite’s brass band at a rally in yorkshire yesterday . labour 's deputy leader harriet harman , right , is a fully paid up member of the unite trade union . other unite members looking for a seat in cabinet are andy burnham , pictured , and chuka umunna . reflecting unite’s own programme , the party plans to ban zero hours contracts , impose rent controls , raise the minimum wage , scrap job tribunal fees and part-renationalise the railways . earlier this week it emerged that more than half of labour candidates in winnable seats are sponsored by unite . unite has also called on labour to restore the 50p top rate of tax , ditch the so-called bedroom tax , or spare room subsidy , end all austerity measures and increase borrowing . mr mccluskey , a former dock worker who has clawed himself up to the top of the super-union , threatened to axe funding to labour unless it adopted his socialist policies . of the 106 target constituencies , unite has endorsed or partly bankrolled 54 of the contenders . harriet harman , andy burnham and former banker chuka umunna are paid up members of unite . labour also received a £300,000 boost from allamhouse limited , a company owned by egyptian tycoon aseem allam , who is worth a reputed £300million . mr allam , owner of the premier hull city football club , said he was ‘ not necessarily’ voting labour but had donated to the party to reduce its reliance on the trade unions . he said : ‘ i like ed miliband , he is an honest politician . he means every word he says . i just don’t like what the words he is saying . ’ he added that politicians , in particular labour , ‘ should stop talking about the gap between rich and poor . if the gap becomes too small then you will have communism . the only way to lift the standard of living is to create more rich people . otherwise you make everybody poor . ’ he recently praised david cameron and said the conservatives had the ‘best’ economic plan . a labour party spokesman said : ‘ we are grateful to all those who donate to the labour party . he added : ‘ unlike the conservatives who increasingly rely on the money of hedge funds and an exclusive group of super rich donors… labour is proud to be supported by millions of teachers , nurses , builders , plumbers , supermarket workers and many others . ’ the conservatives received money from 17 donors , of which 14 were individuals – accounting for £460,000 of the £492,512 . among them was brevan howard asset management hedge fund founder christopher rokos , who gave £170,000 .