a comfy chalet and snow-covered pistes make for a good skiing holiday for most people . but some like to add a few extra luxury touches to their trips to perfect them - such as a live-in tailor to make the ski gear , two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day . these are just some of the requests made by guests staying with high-end ski-tour company haute montagne . and they were all fulfilled , the firm told mailonline . luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier ( stock image ) . the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests’ personal tastes and cost £1,700 to hire . it cost £3,700 for the grand pianos to be delivered - but the guests were keen on their trip being noteworthy so did n't mind splashing out . the horse and carriage wasn’t cheap either – that drained the customer’s account of £20,000 . it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of £1400 per day . another haute montagne guest asked for six helicopters to be requisitioned so that a long taxi transfer could be avoided . a chinook - normally used by the military - was specifically asked for , but the guest was informed that they are n't available for hire . the type eventually delivered cost £85,000 . haute montagne’s slightly less luxurious sister company bramble ski has also met some pricey – and very exacting - guest requirements . it created a private ice bar for après cocktails in the grounds of one of its chalets in verbier , switzerland , sourced bigger blueberries for someone who wasn’t happy about the size of the blueberries being served and created a £2,450 lily-of-the-valley bouquet for a romantic guest . bloomin ' expensive : one bramble ski customer requested a bouquet of lily of the valley flowers that had to be larger than the one kate middleton held on her wedding day . it cost over £2000 . the guest specifically asked that it was to be larger than the one kate middleton held on her wedding day . a romantic russian guest , meanwhile , wanted bramble ski to create a valentine’s gesture for his wife , so the company , at a cost of £7,000 , distributed a trail of rose petals from his master suite to the pool , which was decorated with floating lilies and roses . and their guests like to dress to impress . one set of male guests requested larger versions of bramble ski’s heidi-style pinafore uniforms for a party – at a cost of £700 each . 