one of the world’s leading distance runners and a regular training partner of mo farah’s claims to be living in fear of his life after raising allegations with the authorities in his native uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners ; some as young as 15 . moses kipsiro , who successfully defended his commonwealth games 10,000m title in glasgow last year , told sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help ; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police . only on monday kipsiro passed details of the death threats – sent anonymously via text messages – to police officers in kampala , uganda . but he told me he will have to leave uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims . ‘ i will have to protect my family , ’ he said . moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been abusing female athletes , some as young as 15 . kipsiro is a regular training partner of british long-distance running legend mo farah ( above ) . the story was first brought to the attention of sportsmail by pace sports management , who also represent double olympic champion farah . speaking this week , 28-year-old kipsiro said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the african cross-country championships . kipsiro says they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team – he holds national records and has won medals at world level as well as three commonwealth golds – and complained a coach had been raping them . ‘ according to the girls he would tell them he wanted to get them pregnant and then have an abortion , because by doing that it would widen their private parts and enable them to run like kenyans , ’ kipsiro told me . ‘ i went to the federation and i went to the police . but so far nothing has happened . apart from the fact that i have received these death threats . my brother has also been threatened and arrested . and i have been dropped from the team . i did not run in the world cross country championships in china last weekend because of this . ’ officials at the ugandan athletics federation deny the allegations but details of the story have appeared in a ugandan newspaper , which reportedly interviewed three of the female runners who had spent a month at the training camp in kapchorwa in march last year . kipsiro ( right ) is the 10,000m commonwealth champion after defending his title in glasgow last summer . kipsiro beat kenya 's josphat kipkoech bett ( left ) and canadian cameron levins at hampden park . ‘ he would wake up in the middle of the night and come to our room , ’ one athlete is reported to have told the daily monitor . ‘ he threatened to chase us from camp if we ever said anything or turned him down . we didn’t have any female coach to run to . it was horrible . on some days , he would call one or two of us to his nearby house . if you refused to do what he wanted , he would beat you up . ’ in the same article team captain kipsiro is quoted . ‘ i confronted him but that resulted in a big wrangle , ’ he said . ‘ what i discovered after engaging the girls was so shocking . one day he gathered the junior women’s team in a secret place and told them that to run well , they must have sex or give birth . his theory was that if a woman’s private parts are wide , their legs move easily . i was so shocked to hear such silly talk . unfortunately some people believe he is a good coach . they continue to defend him . ’ uaf general secretary beatrice ayikoru is quoted in the same story denying the allegations . ‘ those accusations against the coach are false , ’ she said . ‘ i met the athletes in kampala and no one mentioned such a thing . ’ kipsiro , pictured here at the 2012 olympic games in london , says he may have to leave uganda . it is understood a letter has been sent by the runners to both the uaf and officers at the central police station making the allegations . according to pace sports management , who were in contact with the uaf this week about the issue , the allegations were investigated by officials as well as the police but as yet the result of the investigation has not been released . in an email to sportsmail this week ayikoru once again rejected the claims as did a spokeswoman for the uaf . ‘ the sexual allegations were levied last year , ’ she said . ‘ the federation contacted police . as a control method , it also established an independent commission formed of people who have ever handled cases of abuse ( three out of four were women ) . ‘ the allegations were investigated by both police and the team established by the federation . there was no evidence of any sexual misconduct . ’ sportsmail responded by asking if kipsiro has been disciplined and if the uaf had published their report into the allegations . ayikoru did not respond . kipsiro , meanwhile , says he was not only prevented from participating in last weekend’s world cross country championships but was also dropped for last year’s world half marathon championship . police officers attempted to arrest kipsiro’s brother at the ugandan cross country championships , only for kipsiro and other athletes to intervene and stop simon ayeko nawari being led away . there have also been claims of shots being fired at kipsiro’s brother , and another athlete being murdered . on monday , ayeko nawari was taken into custody , with kipsiro’s allies claiming he is simply a victim of harassment . ‘ when those five girls came to me i had to do something , ’ kipsiro said this week . ‘ and i went to the central police station after receiving the death threats on my phone last week . they were anonymous messages but the police believe they can trace the number . we will see . if something does not happen i will have to leave uganda . ’   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .