a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school . chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies . scroll down for video . caught on camera : a father has told how he 's embraced 21st century parenting by using a drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school . aerial views : chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . unbreakable bond : the tech-enthusiast ( left , with his daughter katie , right ) released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies . the clip shows early 's daughter , katie , walking down a road near her home , sticking close to the grassy verge in a bid to avoid cars . ' it was just kind of a thing , just to kinda keep an eye on , just make sure she was looking both ways . ' let her know that daddy is always watching , ' early said of his drone-flying antics . apparently he 'd been walking his daughter to and from school for the past two years but recently she asked if she could walk alone . growing fast : early said that he 'd been walking his daughter to and from school for the past two years but recently she asked if she could walk alone . brainwave : that 's when he had the idea of using the drone to check in on her for her first solo commute . that 's when he had the idea of using the drone to check in on her for her first solo commute . katie said she was not expecting the drone to follow her but thought it was pretty cool when she spotted it hovering above . ' i was like , `` oh wow , '' ' she said . ' [ my dad ] didn’t tell me then , so i was pretty surprised . ' although early says the ' helicopter eye ' is a really fun idea he notes that he wo n't be using it anymore . since he released the clip many viewers have criticized him for being too ' prying ' and ' invasive ' . too invasive : although early says the ' helicopter eye ' is a fun idea he notes that he wo n't be using it anymore . ' just wait until she dates , ' on commenter wrote and time magazine even called him the ' world 's most embarrassing dad ' . responding to the backlash , early said : ' the drone flight following my daughter home from school was a one-time thing done in fun . ' it was never meant to set off a debate on how to parent in the 21st century . ' i trust her enough to give her that little bit of independence as she continues to grow into a smart , beautiful young lady . ' we actually live very close to her school [ and ] i can just about see the school from my front porch without a drone . '