the health watchdog that damned the nhs 's first privately run hospital ignored a spot check by its own inspectors that found huge improvements in standards . the vital findings have been suppressed for nearly four months , and have only emerged now after the care quality commission quietly revised its report to rate many of the hospital 's services as ' good ' . in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ' inadequate ' and placed it in special measures , along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country . but today the watchdog will upgrade this to ' requires improvement ' and publish a glowing report . in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ' inadequate ' . experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation . the new version of the report rates the hospital as ' good ' in 18 out of 33 criteria that were assessed including its outpatients departments and overall standard of end-of-life care . it also praises a number of the hospital 's departments and individuals as ' outstanding ' including its maternity ward , intensive care unit , specialist children 's nurse in a & e and the chaplain . crucially , the report – a draft of which has been leaked to the mail – shows that the cqc ignored a second , far more positive spot check of the hospital when it published its initial report . in january – a week before the first report came out – inspectors returned to check up on two wards where they had raised concerns about standards of care during a visit in september . they found major improvements and praised nurses for treating patients with dignity and respect , responding promptly to call bells and ensuring patients were not in pain . yet the watchdog ignored these findings when placing the hospital in special measures . hinchingbrooke – which serves 160,000 patients in huntingdon – was controlled by the private firm circle from february 2012 until last month . nhs patients were treated there as usual but circle – rather than nhs managers – was in charge of the day-to-day running of the hospital and its budget . the firm was praised for driving down waiting times , lowering the death rate , reducing infections and improving overall care . after january 's report circle announced it would be withdrawing from its contract . the hospital is now being run by the nhs trust development authority . the rating of ' requires improvement ' in the revised report moves the hospital from the bottom 13 per cent of hospital trusts in the country to an average score , which is achieved by 59 per cent of organisations . today the watchdog will upgrade the ' inadequate ' finding to ' requires improvement ' and publish a glowing report . the mail has repeatedly highlighted concerns by mps and doctors that the inspection was flawed and a sabotage attempt by those opposed to privatisation . one of the inspectors was a member of the campaign group keep our nhs public . another was a senior figure in the british medical association , the doctors ' trade union , who had previously spoken out about the dangers of private firms ' involvement in the nhs . neither took part in the spot checks a week before january 's report . tory mep david campbell bannerman said : ' this is an extraordinary procedure and raises serious questions about how the cqc goes about its inspections . ' it 's an admission by the watchdog that its first inspection report was over the top and far too tough . it 's all been heavily influenced by the public service unions . i will be writing to the health secretary to demand a full investigation into whether this was a stitch-up . ' a spokesman for circle said : ' this vindicates our view that the inspection of hinchingbrooke was flawed . the evidence has always been that hinchingbrooke was a good hospital , with low mortality rates , low waiting times , and positive reviews from other nhs regulators . ' 