a long island widow and her 14-year-old who have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle , a relative said . iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . scroll down for video . iona costello , 51 ( left ) and her 14-year-old daughter emily ( right ) have been missing for almost three weeks after last being seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . the pair often go to shows and museums in new york city , but relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break . relatives of the ' quiet irish family ' , who own a horse farm on long island 's north fork , reported them missing on tuesday . mrs costello , who was her late husband george 's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter , had been ' under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . ' she can’t sell anything . she can’t do anything because everything is in court , ' an unidentified relative told the new york daily news . ' i don’t know if she’s having a nervous breakdown . i don’t know if somebody has kidnapped them , ' the unidentified family member said of the costellos ' long absence from their home and farm . costello 's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to iona was improperly executed , according to novick law group . a long island court sided with the adult children last year , and iona costello is appealing . amanda hurwitz , one of george 's daughters who now lives in connecticut , refused to comment to daily mail online on the report or her stepmother 's disappearance . the widow 's trip into new york was originally only supposed to last for several days . ' she said she was going to manhattan for easter , ' iona 's mother diana malcolmson , 80 , told daily mail online . the grandmother , who lives in nearby shelter island , new york , said police told her that surveillance footage from the parking garage showed mrs costello and emily walking away from their car on march 30 , holding suitcases and laughing . she said that she spoke regularly with her daughter , but had not heard about any plans for extended vacations . iona costello 's husband george , the co-owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the costellos may be in danger . iona costello also has family in england , though they have not heard from her , according to southold local . while trips into new york were fairly normal , emily being out of school is not . the ninth grader had been scheduled to return to ross school in east hampton from her spring break this past tuesday . the mother had told workers at her farm that she would be ' back on tuesday ' but did not return on march 31st , april 7th or april 14th . workers at the horse farm say it is strange for mrs costello not to be in contact with them about raising the animals . southold police chief of police martin flatley told daily mail online that his force does not expect any foul play . he said that he does not currently have any hard evidence to point to the mother and daughter being in danger . relative jane costello said that calls to both iona 's and emily 's phones go straight to voicemail . police still say they do not expect any foul play in the case , though workers at the costello 's north fork farm say that she would normally be in contact about the business 's affairs . workers at the farm , which also includes cows , said that mrs costello told them she would be ' back on tuesday ' . mrs costello was a well-known equestrian in eastern long island , according to the east hampton star . iona 's husband george , co-owner of construction company costello marine in greenport , died at the age of 63 a heart attack in 2012 while working on one of his boats . the pair had married in 1999 . it is not believed that the costellos owned any property in new york , according to chief flatley , though authorities are now looking at a wider circle of relatives that may know about their movements in the city . a spokesperson for the nypd said that city police are working in conjunction with southold officers , but have not yet received any sightings of the mother and daughter . southold police said they had no further leads as of sunday morning . they have asked anyone who sees mrs costello or her daughter to contact them at 631-765-2600 .