fired : stephen hogger , pictured , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures . as the congregation of st peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice . but little did they know it would be put into action by the entire choir moments later . a letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ‘solidarity’ over the sacking of music director stephen hogger . the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber-framed tudor buildings , will be without a choir . the 55-year-old , who had been at the 14th century church in lavenham , suffolk , for 17 years , was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures . a villager , who asked not to be named , said : ‘ it seems to be down to a clash of personalities . some people at the church feel that mr hogger can come across as abrasive and even rude on occasion . ‘ there have been comments about him being dismissive and offhand to members of the public , like couples who are planning on getting married and are not regular members of the congregation . ‘ he has also not turned up to some meetings and has failed to keep arrangements to talk to people . ’ ‘ it was felt that his behaviour was out of line with how the church wanted to be seen but members of the choir have always had a great respect for him . they admire him because he is very gifted musically . ’ church organist mr hogger , who is a fellow of the guild of musicians and singers and associate of the london college of music , said : ‘ obviously it is all a bit difficult . there is nothing more i can tell you . ‘ there was nothing about my behaviour mentioned in the letter i received and i was not at the parochial church council meeting so i do not know what was said . ’ solidarity : all 13 of his choristers at st peter and st paul church have now resigned over his sacking . quiet : the 14th century suffolk church will now be without a choir for the first time in 200 years . the letter handed to worshippers said : ‘ following the announcement last week of stephen hogger’s dismissal , it is with huge sadness and after a great deal of thought and discussion that the current members of the choir have decided to leave . ‘ this decision follows a long period of unhappiness and lack of understanding between the choir and the leadership of lavenham church . today ( easter sunday ) will be our last service . ’ on holiday : stephen earl , the rector of the church , was away and unavailable to comment yesterday . mr hogger was given three months’ notice to terminate the contract on his part-time paid post on march 29 by the pcc . chorister gillian smith , 67 , who has sung at the church for 30 years , said : ‘ all i want to say is that we resigned to show solidarity with stephen hogger . that is the reason we came out in support of him . ’ another chorister , who declined to be named , added they were ‘ disappointed and upset’ . ‘ at the end of the day it is not a very christian attitude that has been shown to stephen , ’ they said . stephen earl , 61 , the rector of the church , was away on holiday yesterday and unavailable to comment . church warden graham patrick said : ‘ the basic facts are that the pcc have given three months’ notice to our director of music . ‘ in solidarity with him , the choir has also decided to leave , something which we in the church very much regret . ’ john howard , a spokesman for the diocese of st edmundsbury and ipswich , added everyone ‘ wish him well in the next phase of his career . ’ 