when president barack obama dined with a dozen technology business leaders in california four years ago , it was google executive chairman eric schmidt who sat at the head of the table . obama sat on one side , between the late apple co-founder steve jobs and facebook pioneer mark zuckerberg , but the place of honor was no accident . google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both . one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match – marked by access for lobbyists , mentions in nearly half of obama 's state of the union addresses , and a personnel feeder trough serving the white house with new senior hires . beginning : in 2007 barack obama had an on-stage cameo with google 's then-ceo eric schmidt as part of a presidential candidate series . influence : schmidt ( far left ) shared the head of the table with the spouse of a venture capitalist whose firm owned 20 per cent of google , as president obama dined with tech leaders in 2011 . there have even been allegations that google 's up-close-and-personal relationship with the west wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking federal trade commission antitrust lawsuit . google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case , punctuating its denials with an animated gif of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge . white house visitor logs suggest a different kind of story for the company whose motto is ' do n't be evil . ' employees of the silicon valley behemoth have been in the white house more than 230 times since obama took office – approximately once per week . at least 190 of those meetings were with senior officials . more than 60 featured google lobbyist johanna shelton . overall , according to the wall street journal , google spent $ 16.8 million on lobbying last year . that 's four times the amount spent by apple , whose market capitalization is twice as big . it needed that muscle in 2011 , after the ftc found google allegedly manipulated search results in ways that favored its own for-profit products . amazon and ebay were among the companies who complained that google was engaging in practices that violated antitrust laws . the journal reviewed emails showing that google co-founder larry page met directly with ftc officials in late 2012 to discuss a settlement . about the same time , white house visitor logs show , google chairman eric schmidt met with obama senior adviser pete rouse . revolving door ? google vice president megan smith left her job to become obama 's chief technology officer . lobbyist joanna shelton and general counsel kent walker met with jason furman , then the newly minted chair of the president 's council of economic advisers . furman followed up with a meeting with ftc chairman jon leibowitz . the government closed its investigation two months after obama won re-election . ready for hillary : stephanie hannon , director of product management , civic innovation and social impact at google , has become the hillary clinton campaign 's top technology guru . google agreed to change its business practices but dodged a potential 10-figure fine – and saved the cost of litigating a years-long case that could have resulted in breaking up the company into smaller , more market-competitive units . both google and the ftc said at the time that there was no undue influence . google pilloried the journal , which first suggested a link between the company 's access and the investigation 's outcome , saying the meetings its executives held with administration officials involved discussions about ' everything but ' the antitrust investigation . in a blog post , the company cited ' patent reform , stem education , self-driving cars , mental health , advertising , internet censorship , smart contact lenses , civic innovation , r & d , cloud computing , trade and investment , cyber security , energy efficiency and our workplace benefit policies . ' the written defense google published took specific aim at journal publisher rupert murdoch , and included an animated gif of a laughing baby in a high chair . but a google spokesperson confirmed thursday on background that company executives has talked with the ftc about unspecified antitrust concerns in the past . the spokesperson declined to be quoted or named . schmidt is a one-man case study of the kinds of influence a multibillionare tech titan can wield in washington when the stars align . left-hand man : schmidt ( right ) got a prime seat at the table when newly minted president obama met with a group of ceos in february 2009 . ' evangelist ' : online pioneer vint cerf is google 's top ' internet evangelist ' and also a member of obama 's national science board . his ascent in obama 's world began in 2007 when the future president visited google 's california headquarters for a one-on-one interview , staged for the benefit of the company 's employees , then 16,000 strong . schmidt asked him about iran , pakistan , and guantanamo bay . ' close down guantanamo , ' obama replied , ' restore habeas corpus , say no to renditions , no to warrantless wiretaps . ' the exposure was vital : obama ended up lapping the field in fundraising in the high-tech sector . obama offered schmidt his choice of cabinet slots after the 2012 election – either treasury or commerce – and was even prepared to create a new ' secretary of business ' position for him . he declined all three but accepted a post on the president 's council of advisers on science and technology . he continues to evangelize about both his company and the president 's agenda , including ' net neutrality ' regulations that have big internet service providers up in arms . schmidt 's roots with obama run deep . when the future president visited his campaign headquarters on election day in 2012 , schmidt was there overseeing final efforts to leverage ' big data ' to nudge last-minute voters to the polls . he was by then already a donor to obama 's white house bids , contributing the maximum amount allowed by law both times . schmidt 's specialized software gave then-senator obama access to high-tech voter targeting algorithms that republican john mccain could n't match . high life : google ideas director jared cohen co-wrote a book with princess beatrice of york in 2013 , three years after he left the obama state department to work for the search giant . election kings : michael slaby ( left ) and justin vincent ( right ) were key architects of obama 's data-mining and voter-targeting software efforts , and both were emigres from google . and michael slaby , the chief integration and innovation officer af obama for america , the president 's campaign organization came over from a job as technology strategist for tomorrowventures – schmidt 's venture capital fund . ofa also boasted former google software engineer justin vincent as its senior codewriter , and former youtube/google lead web developer angus durocher as its lead online software engineer . google itself was accused publicly of favoring obama 's 2012 re-election campaign in a more visible way . customized search results would appear when users typed ' obama ' into a search window , but entering ' romney ' yielded no such help . google claimed at the time that it was the result of a computer algorithm , not human intervention . this week the president 's new initiative linking global warming with public health includes a specific buy-in from google . the company , the white house says , will ' donate ten million hours of high-performance computing ' and help scientists to create ' early warning capabilities ' for climate change-related disasters and related risks for diseases . some of that work could conceivably be performed by former white house staff who have joined google , just as the president counts several former google executives among his advisers . former secretary of state hillary clinton this week hired away a top tech talent from google for her presidential campaign-in-waiting . stephanie hannon , formerly google 's top dog on product management for ' civic engagement , ' will help her navigate the digital waters in 2016 . poaching seasoned google veterans is a maneuver the obama white house has perfected . megan smith , a former vice president at the company , is now the administration 's chief technology officer . angus durocher , a computer engineer who left google to work for the obama campaign , tweeted this photo of himself and vice president joe biden when he was at work in the campaign 's new hampshire nerve center . the deputy cto position was held for obama 's first two years by another google emigre , andrew mclaughlin . he left the administration in 2011 after a reprimand for sharing details of government policy matters with his former coworkers via a personal email address . shortly after obama moved into 1600 pennsylvania avenue , former google project manager katie stanton became his director of citizen participation . sonal shah , a former google global development chief , moved to washington the same month to lead the white house office of social innovation . and vint cerf , a widely acknowledged ' father of the internet , ' serves on obama 's national science board . cerf has worked for google since 2005 as a vice president and its ' chief internet evangelist . ' 