since it was revealed that andreas lubitz – the co-pilot who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing 150 people – had been treated for psychiatric illness , a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities . it has been widely argued that germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy . the times , for example , ran an article with the headline : ' german obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly . ' similarly , another article published in time said : ' german privacy laws let pilot ' hide ' his illness from employers . ' while dirk fischer , german lawmaker and the transport spokesman for the christian democratic union ( cdu ) , called for airlines to have mandatory access to pilots ' medical records , frank ulrich montgomery , president of the german medical association ( bäk ) , disagreed . co-pilot andreas lubitz , who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killing 150 people , had been treated for a psychiatric illness , it later emerged . the discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots ' medical records . mr montgomery believes that current laws are appropriate , since aviation doctors are already relieved of their duties of confidentiality if they think a pilot could put other people 's lives at risk . if lubitz 's doctor did not alert germanwings , it must have been because lubitz did not seem like a threat . there are two arguments for why lubitz 's doctor did the right thing by not disclosing lubitz 's depression to his employer . first , functional doctor-patient relationships depend on trust . if confidentiality between patients and doctors is breached , patients will no longer trust their doctors . and a lack of trust will lead ( at least some ) patients to hide some of their symptoms or refrain from seeking medical attention altogether for fear of bad consequences , such as stigmatisation and work-related penalties . more dangerous than a pilot with a mental illness – or any number of other professions that carry the responsibility of a great many lives – is that one with a mental illness who will not seek treatment because he does not trust his doctor . for these reasons , philosopher kenneth kipnis goes even further . the passenger jet crashed in seyne-les-alpes , france while en route from barcalona to dusseldorf . all 150 people on board were killed on impact . he argues that confidentiality should be ' far closer to an absolute obligation that it has generally taken to be ' and that doctors should honour confidentiality even in cases where the patient might harm a third party . if patients come to doctors for help , doctors have a chance at avoiding a possible catastrophe . strict german privacy laws which prevented doctors treating andreas lubitz from telling his airline about his ' suicidal tendencies ' were introduced as a consequence of the nazis . the germanwings pilot had been forced to stop his training because of severe depression and had received psychotherapy for several years before last week 's alps disaster . but german law meant it was left entirely up to him to volunteer his mental health problems to his employer , something he failed to do with devastating consequences after tearing up a sick note for the day of the crash . the findings from the investigation have prompted heated debate in germany on a patient 's right to privacy , with chancellor angela merkel proposing an inquiry to re-examine the law . draconian legislation was initially brought in after world war two to prevent a repeat of government spying during the nazi era and subsequently the stasi secret police in east germany . this extends far beyond confidential medical data , however , to stringent protection of someone 's identity , meaning many german publications only referred to lubitz as andreas l , even after his death . further data protection laws traced back to 1907 , which enshrines the ' right to your own picture ' , also mean images can only be published with the individual 's consent . with respect to medical data , the criminal code means doctors are only allowed to breach confidentiality when they have reason to believe that sharing their knowledge could prevent ' a particularly serious crime ' or a threat to someone 's life . they can face a year in prison if they wrongly breach privacy , but up to five years in jail for withholding ' credible information about the planning or commission ' of serious acts like murder . despite the variation in sentences , doctors have tended to favour the individual 's privacy . many in germany are now debating whether the potential to neutralise threats to public safety should trump doctor-patient privilege . if patients lose trust in doctors and do not ask for help , nothing will be gained – patients will remain afflicted by their illnesses and people who might be put at risk by patients will remain at risk . in the days before the crash , lubitz searched online both for medical treatments and for ways to commit suicide , which suggests he was undecided as to what to do . so another way of thinking about his scenario is that perhaps if he had trusted his doctor even more – and shared with him or her the way in which he was thinking of committing suicide – his doctor could have done more to help him and to protect the passengers of the aircraft he piloted . lubitz 's doctor also did the right thing by not revealing his depression to germanwings because his depression was far from obviously related to his crime . simon wessely , the president of the royal college of psychiatrists and an adviser to the british army , said that ' there is n't a link between depression and aggressive suicide ' . jürgen margraf , psychologist and professor at bochum university , likewise told nbc news that , given the sheer weight of numbers involved , you are far less likely to be harmed by a person with depression than by a person without depression . ' the chances of killing others are higher for non-depressed than for depressed people , ' he said . furthermore , given the lack of relationship between depression and the pilot 's crime , it was not obviously in the public 's interest to know about lubitz 's depression and morally questionable that his medical history of depression has been exposed so freely . in germany , medical confidentiality is supposed to be valid after death . publicly disclosing lubitz 's ailment harms the public trust in doctor-patient confidentiality after death – and it may stigmatise people who are suffering from depression but who would never hurt anyone ( but themselves ) . the avoidable deaths of 150 people is a calamity and it makes sense to have a public debate about how to prevent future similar events from happening . luckily , breaching confidentiality and endangering relationships between patients and doctors is not the only answer . along with the crucially important rule of having two people in the cockpit at all times ( which violates nobody 's privacy ) , one medical measure to avoid future catastrophes is to notify employers of stay-home orders from doctors for employees who have high-responsibility jobs without mentioning the cause of the incapacitation . lubitz reportedly had a sick note for the day he flew but never told the airline . if they had been aware of the sick note things might have been different . 