a man who lost his iphone ended up finding it on the other side of the world and striking up a friendship with its new ' owner . ' matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream . mr stopera said he asked himself , ' who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' instant connection : months after stopera lost his iphone in new york city . it ended up in the ends of li hongjun in southeastern china . he received the phone as a gift . the pair eventually decided to meet up ! celebrity status : their story got a lot of attention online and li invited stopera to visit . when he got to china he was granted almost celebrity-like status . lost in the cloud : li 's pictures began showing up in matt 's icloud and photostream . the first few pics were taken in front of what looked like orange trees . the orange man : li was actually standing in front of kumquat trees - not oranges - but the nickname ' brother orange ' stuck . ' i noticed a bunch of pictures i had n't taken . like , a lot of them . they were mostly of this man taking selfies with an orange tree . to be honest , it was pretty funny but also terrifying because i did n't take the pictures , ' he said . the phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern china and into the hands of li hongjun . mr hongjun had received the phone as a gift but whoever had presented it to him forgot to wipe its contents . ' i went to the apple store and , sure enough , there was my old iphone on the icloud . orange man 's pictures were showing up in my stream because my icloud was still connected , ' mr stopera said . the pictures that were being taken in china were automatically uploaded to mr stopera 's new phone and as an editor for buzzfeed , he began writing and tweeting about it . showing off : matt was surprised by how mucy interest there was in the story . li had even had a car sticker designed with their two faces printed on the side . digital duo : 30-year-old restaurant owner named li , had received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures . the images ended up on matt 's icloud because the phone had not been erased properly . 21st century story : with the help of social media , a stolen cell phone brought two people from opposite sides of the world together and turned them into the best of friends . going global : users on weibo -- china 's version of twitter -- started looking for an answer after stopera 's article was translated into chinese and posted there . helping hand : ' i got all of these tweets from people in china saying , ' hey , we 're going to help you find orange man , '' stopera said . at one stage , his article was translated for users on weibo , the chinese version of twitter , and he received tweets from people telling him that they were going to find the new owner . ' i got all of these tweets from people in china saying , ' hey , we 're going to help you find orange man , '' stopera said . over in china , mr hongjun got a call from his nephew who told him his photos were all over the internet . there was so much interest in the 'lost-phone-found-friend ' tale that it generated more than 75 million clicks and before long , mr hongjun incited mr stopera to come at visit . their 'lost-phone-found-friend ' saga generated more than 75 million clicks and prompted li 's invitation to visit . what a welcome ! brother orange surprised matt at the airport , but the even bigger surprise was all the media attention . brother orange : everywhere they went , they were swarmed by cameras . they developed quite a bond . the entire china trip has been well documented through a series of tweets and plenty of selfies and it appears that mr stopera was seen as quite the celebrity . they traveled around the country where the pair were treated like celebrities . photographers seemed to follow them wherever they went . they even had a car with their faces stuck on the side ! ' it 's not over , ' stopera said to wtsp . ' brother orange has to visit me now , so that has to happen . ' the pair are hoping to plan a trip for mr hongjun to visit the u.s. later this year . ' one of the lessons i learned is never judge a man by his selfies , ' mr stopera said to npr . ' because in his selfies he looks so serious , and in real life , he was just the warmest , funniest , very smart guy . ' seeing the sights : writer matt stopera and li hongjun aka ' brother orange ' visit tiananmen square in beijing . do n't judge : ' one of the lessons i learned is never judge a man by his selfies , ' matt stopera says . ' because in his selfies he looks so serious , and in real life , he was just the warmest , funniest , very smart guy ' . what a way to meet ! experts say it 's not uncommon for stolen or lost iphones to make their way from the united states to countries overseas where the demand for them is high - but the meeting-up part is very unusual ! firm friends : their bromance is clear to see from the selfies they posted online from their week together .