the number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the nhs has risen five-fold in the last decade as women worry they 're not ' normal ' . labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010 . and the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period . the labia are lips which protect the vagina . there are inner labia – the labia minora - which are thinner , and the outer labia – the labia majora , which have more tissue and fat . labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed on the nhs in 2010 . they naturally vary in size and shape , but some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia , even when they are classified medically as perfectly normal . the surgery involves reducing the size of a woman 's labia minora to make them more symmetrical and smaller than the labia majora . this is done by cutting away the ‘excess’ skin with a scalpel , or possibly a laser , and stitching up the loose edge with dissolvable stitches , until it heals . experts at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists at the world congress in brisbane , have called for more research to try and better understand women 's motivations . a study by the university of melbourne explored the views of women aged 18 to 28 . interviews focused on participants ' views of the ' normal ' and ' ideal ' vulval anatomy , on cosmetic surgery and the sources of information available . calida howarth , from the university , said : ' it is essential that doctors do not assume that women have an inherent knowledge of their genitalia and the anatomical terms used to describe it . ' this contemporary women 's health issue requires further research and interdisciplinary collaboration if we are going to ensure best practice and achieve optimal outcomes for our patients . ' a labiaplasty is a surgical procedure to reduce the size of the labia minora – the flaps of skin either side of the vaginal opening . most labiaplasty operations are done by private clinics as cosmetic surgery , to change the appearance of the female genitals . occasionally , there may be a medical need for the operation ( for example , because the tissue is affected by disease ) , in which case it might be covered by the nhs . however , the nhs does n't routinely provide this operation . it 's natural and normal for a woman to have noticeable skin folds around the vaginal opening and , in most cases , this should n't cause any problems . some women are dissatisfied with or distressed about the appearance of their labia , even when they look perfectly normal to the health professional examining them . a labiaplasty involves shortening or reshaping the vaginal lips , a bit like shortening a hem on a dress . it is usually performed by a gynaecologist or plastic surgeon . the unwanted tissue is cut away with a scalpel or possibly a laser , and the loose edge may be stitched up with fine , dissolvable stitches . it can be carried out using either a general anaesthetic or local anaesthetic with sedation , and the whole procedure takes about one to two hours . however there is a lack of research investigating how effective this procedure is . this means there 's no guarantee it will achieve a long-lasting desired effect , and there are short- and long-term risks to consider . source : nhs choices . the researchers concluded that women would benefit from better access to information showing a range of normal vulval anatomy . another study led by the university of new south wales examined attitudes to pubic hair removal and the relationship with physical discomfort , viewing pornography , genital self-image and the consideration of labiaplasty . the study found no link between the removal of pubic hair and requests for the cosmetic surgery . however , the study also highlighted the need for careful recognition among the healthcare profession of the possible reasons for the increase in women seeking surgery . cathy cui , one of the researchers , said : ' while women request labiaplasty for physical and psychological reasons , the reasons for increasing numbers of surgeries in the last decade are not clear . ' research has exposed a lack of education regarding the management of patients requesting female genital cosmetic surgery . tristan harding , from the university of melbourne , said : ' gps would be greatly assisted by practice guidelines when faced with such requests . ' if they are able to provide adequate , accurate information to patients , this may prevent unnecessary surgery and alleviate patient anxiety . ' gps should also consider referring women to a gynaecologist rather than a cosmetic surgeon when they wish to have surgery . ' the studies highlight a need to improve clinical guidance for healthcare professionals , the experts said . and they called for further research around the surgery and patients ' knowledge and perceptions of ' normal ' vulval anatomy . meanwhile a consultant plastic and aesthetic surgeon told mailonline said many of his patients seek the surgery because they suffer problems ranging from pain and tearing to extreme psychological distress . mr miles berry , who works at the weymouth street hospital , london , said he believes the rise in operations is down to an increase in awareness and availability of the procedure . while many people believe these women are simply seeking a ‘ designer vagina’ , he said most are having the procedure for functional reasons or because they have been traumatised by having labia that are misshapen or low-hanging . some will never enter into a relationship for fear of a partner seeing their genitalia , while others can not undress in public or wear a bikini , he told mailonline . other women have labia that are so long that horse riding , cycling or having sex is painful . ‘ one woman was part of the cycling team , she had persistent swelling and chafing . it stopped her cycling , ’ mr berry said . meanwhile consultant plastic and aesthetic surgeon miles berry told mailonline said many of his patients seek the surgery because they suffer pain and tearing and extreme psychological distress . there are also women who have torn their labia during intercourse , or while horse riding , which as well as being excruciatingly painful , causes bleeding . ‘ when women with this condition wear tight clothes , like jeans , they experience chafing , ' added mr berry . ‘ one lady used tampons to keep her labia inside because they were hanging down below her underwear . ‘ i saw another lady who was getting recurrent thrush as she had all this extra tissue down there that was moist . ’ his clinic carried out 49 procedures in 2014 compared to 27 in 2013 – an 80 per cent rise - while nhs figures show there were 2,000 labiaplasties performed in 2010 – a five-fold rise since 2001 . many women who come for a consultation with mr berry are so insecure about the way their labia looks it is impairing their life , he said . women can be born with naturally long labia or that are shaped in a way that their owners deem unattractive , he explained . in some women , they stretch naturally over the course of a lifetime , while others experience stretching or tearing as a result of childbirth , and are embarrassed by the result . this is usually due to hormones associated with pregnancy , the stretching of the vagina during the birth or due to the loss of the pelvic floor muscles .