nick clegg was heckled over his broken tuition fees pledge today as he ramped up his attack on george osborne – with a stark warning that the tory chancellor is ' a very dangerous man ' . the deputy prime minister was met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london , who chanted : ' nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' . mr clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor . scroll down for video . nick clegg was heckled by tuition fees protesters while out campaigning in surbiton , south west london , today - while lib dem supporters tried to intervene . nick clegg was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with fellow cabinet member , secretary of state for energy and climate change , ed davey today . the lib dem leader 's campaign stop came after he launched a furious attack on the ' ideological ' cuts planned by the tories . speaking to tony blair 's former spin doctor alastair campbell in may 's edition of gq magazine , mr clegg said the chancellor 's plans would do ' so much damage ' . he added : ' i do n't know of a developed economy that wants to do something as rigidly ideological as he wants to do , to balance the books through public spending reductions alone , not tax , with one section , the working poor , taking the biggest hit . ' i find it socially and morally unacceptable , but also economically a disaster . ' the ' dramatic lurch to the right ' involves a ' harder approach than anything the arch-thatcherites would do ' and would ' destroy public services ' , he said . mr clegg added : ' george osborne is a very dangerous man with a very dangerous plan , and i will do everything in my power to stop it . ' in contrast , mr clegg said the prime minister was ' a classic traditional shire tory ' , adding : ' i can live with that . ' he said mr cameron was ' very much a tory , and in that tradition he is not too much about grand vision ' . the deputy prime minister launched a furious attack on the ' ideological ' cuts planned by the tories . mr clegg met seven-month-old elise popperwell and her mother melissa popperwell in south west london this morning . the deputy prime minister said david cameron was ' a classic traditional shire tory ' , adding : ' i can live with that . ' asked about ed miliband , mr clegg said he was a ' perfectly nice guy , personable , as is david cameron ' . the lib dem leader said he wanted his party back in government ' because osborne 's ideological assault on public services has to be stopped ' and ' ed miliband and ed balls ' head-in-the-sand approach to public spending has to be challenged , because it would be really bad for the economy ' . treasury secretary danny alexander meanwhile claimed that a top tory told him ' you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' , in a private whitehall meeting to discuss the coalition government 's priorities . mr alexander said it showed that david cameron and george osborne were guilty of ' breathtaking hypocrisy ' for trying to claim responsibility for raising the threshold at which people pay tax - while privately arguing for tax cuts for the better-off . he said : ' in march 2012 , when the economy was still in the very early stages of recovery , we wanted to do a very big increase in the personal allowance to put a lot of money back into folks ' pockets . the tories ' priority at the time was the top rate of tax . ' i remember one meeting with a group of senior conservatives and one of them said , ' listen , you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' .