while the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout , a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium . steelcase 's the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . on its company website , steelcase said the brody is designed to be ' good for your body and good for your brain ' . scroll down for video . office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting ( above designs of the brody worklounge ) . the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700 . brody features an led task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface . the brody , which will be available late august starting at $ 2,700 , sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter while also providing privacy , according to the company . the cognitive neuroscience karolinska institute in sweden 's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive - informed the design of brody , according to citylab . ' we had kind of an intuitive understanding of how people liked to study , ' mark mckenna , director of product design at steelcase told fast company . ' as the project developed , and as we started diving into what it means to focus and why someone would want to escape , these new findings really helped guide the project . ' ' the brody worklounge creates a shelter from visual distractions , provides privacy and provides an enhanced sense of psychological security , ' the company said on its website . the design for brody is based on the cognitive neuroscience karolinska institute in sweden 's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive . in the u.s. , 70 per cent of offices have low or no partitions as they embrace open office plans . each worklounge features a mini led task light , a power outlet , personal work surface that adjusts up to a 40 degree pitch , a privacy screen , a side surface which also serves as an armrest , patented livelumbar technology which gives back support , personal storage off of the floor , a foot rest , and a cushion that adapts to each person 's size . ' the ability to focus is a real challenge for today 's workers and students , ' the company said on its website . ' we get interrupted or distracted every 11 minutes and it takes over 23 minutes to get back on task . ' the brody worklounge creates a shelter from visual distractions , provides privacy and provides an enhanced sense of psychological security . ' by transforming the under-utilized in-between spaces into these modern alternative to enclaves , where workers can get away for a couple of hours , steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space ' . a study revealed that a sense of privacy boosts performance , and brody worklounge strives to provide workers with limited visual distractions . mark mckenna , director of product design at steelcase said : ' i think it 's clear that people in an office need a place to focus . but the bench is here to stay . it 's conducive to collaboration ' . in recent years , many companies have embraced open offices with about 70 per cent of u.s. offices having no or low partitions , according to the international facility management association . however , a 2013 study revealed that workers are frustrated by the distractions in open offices which lead to poorer work performance , according to the washington post . that study also found that nearly half of the surveyed workers in open offices said the lack of sound privacy proved to be a problem for them while more than 30 per cent complained about the lack of visual privacy . another study revealed that having a sense of privacy actually boosts performance . while brody is not a stance against open offices , it provides a place for people to focus while in an office , mckenna told fast company . ' i think it 's clear that people in an office need a place to focus , ' mckenna said . ' but the bench is here to stay . it 's conducive to collaboration . '