many of us enjoy a chilled glass of wine or a cold beer after a hard day at work . but while the majority of people believe their drinking habits are under control , one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol , a survey found . a new poll laying bare the public 's attitudes to drinking found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out , compared to a fifth of the general population . it also revealed the risky effects of drinking , as young people admitted to forgetting how they got home , driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated . one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a dirnking problem , a survey found . the news comes after a shocking report published this week found binge drinking costs the british economy £4.9bn every year in terms of treating drunks in a & e , road crashes , police arrests and court cases . the damning report said current policies on alcohol taxation are failing to keep up with the financial consequences of people drinking to excess , and calls for minimum unit prices to offset these costs . the new poll of 4,000 british adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem . among young professionals , this figure rose to 21 per cent , with 28 per cent of men in this saying they believe they have a problem . more than a third ( 35 per cent ) of 18 to 24-year-olds said they had got so drunk they could not remember most of their night out , with one in five ( 18 per cent ) admitting they have not been able to recall how they got home . one in 20 admitted to driving themselves home drunk and one in ten said they have got in a car with someone who they knew was intoxicated . a survey of 4,000 british adults revealed : 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem . 21 per cent of young professionals said they had a drinking professionals , with the figure rising to 28 per cent for men alone . 35 per cent of 18-24-year-olds said they had got so drunk they could not remember most of their night out , 18 per cent admitted they have not been able to recall how they got home . 5 per cent admitted to driving themselves home drunk . 10 per cent got in a car with someone intoxicated . among 25 to 34-year-olds 16 per cent said they have woken up in a stranger 's house . 23 per cent of 35-54-year-olds said they drink at home alone . another 23 per cent considered alcohol to be more harmful to their health than smoking . 53 per cent said the nhs should refrain from treating alcoholics . 54 per cent said it is not acceptable to drink when pregnant . among 25 to 34-year-olds 16 per cent said they have woken up in a stranger 's house . meanwhile , nearly a quarter ( 23 per cent ) of those aged 35 to 54 said they drink alone at home , with many saying they do it to relieve stress or relax . when asked about the dangers of drinking , three quarters of those polled said they believed britain has a heavy drinking culture . just over a fifth ( 23 per cent ) considered alcohol to be more harmful to their health than smoking . while a sizeable proportion of people admitted to problematic drinking , the survey revealed tough attitudes to alcohol abuse . more than half of those questioned believe the nhs should refrain from treating people who continue to abuse alcohol after warnings about their health . a similar number ( 54 per cent ) said it is not acceptable to drink while pregnant . alistair bohm , head of communications at drug and alcohol treatment charity addaction , said : ' problems with alcohol use can affect people of any age , from any background . ' as these statistics show , it 's not just people who are addicted to alcohol who are damaging their health or risking their safety as a result of drinking . ' if a person is worried about their drinking , the best thing to do is speak to their doctor , or find their nearest addiction services . ' the world health organisation estimates there are 3.3 million deaths each year as a result of harmful use of alcohol . doctors warn long term alcohol misuse is a major risk factor for conditions including heart disease , stroke , liver disease , and certain cancers . the survey was carried out by opinium research . almost a quarter ( 23 per cent ) considered alcohol to be more harmful to their health than smoking .