he may not be in action for real madrid on wednesday night against bitter city rivals atletico , but that has not stopped gareth bale getting behind his team . the 25-year-old is out of their pivotal champions league quarter-final second leg at the santiago bernabeu after suffering a calf injury early on in their 3-1 win against malaga at the weekend . and despite being downbeat on missing the midweek european encounter against atletico , the wales forward was all smiles as he continued his recovery to full-fitness . gareth bale took to facebook on wednesday to wish real madrid good luck against city rivals atletico . bale is out of real 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico on wednesday night . the wales international injured his calf during saturday 's 3-1 win against malaga in the opening stages . accompanied with the caption : ' gutted not to be playing tonight , but working hard to get back to fitness . good luck lads ! ! real madrid c.f . ' bale took to facebook to upload a picture of himself on an exercise bike at the club on wednesday afternoon . along with bale , real boss carlo ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars karim benzema and luka modric for the tie . the 55-year-old could start isco , jese and javier hernandez in the absence of his key triumvirate - something that does n't faze the italian . ' we are missing some important players but it 's impossible for us to be more motivated than we are . we have to live with injuries . we did it in the past and it will not hurt our confidence , ' ancelotti said at a press conference . ' isco has played in modric 's position before and he did very well there . we have plenty of options even without bale and benzema . there 's james , jese and chicharito . james has been doing great , both on the right and in midfield . chicharito is in fine shape as well , both physically and mentally . ' i will choose the best possible line-up . i will select players that will help the team to play like we did in the first leg . i have the best squad in the world in my opinion . ' jese ( left ) is expected to replace bale in attack for real against their bitter rivals at the santiago bernabeu .