it 's the one day of the year you really should n't believe everything you read in the paper . news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day and today is no exception . this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun . here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes . scroll down for video . the self-tanning shower valve ' enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' . the tanning shower . you can now wash and tan at the same time thanks to a new shower valve from crosswater . the bathroom brand explained that once its fitted you can choose from varying shades of bronze , from light to mahogany . you might save time tanning but your hair will be ruined ... if only the digi-tan shower was real . piggy back taxi service . ' we want people to really question what it means to travel from a to b ' says hailo . the taxi app that allows customers to find a black cab wherever they are in london , claims to have launched a piggy back service today . after all , why get stuck in traffic when you could order a strong and fit hailo employee to carry you around town ? hailo are promoting their new service 's 360 degree views . kim k jelly mould and ass-lolly . kim kardashian 's bottom has inspired two april fool gifts . online gift store firebox has touted a shiny jelly mould inspired by her bountiful behind . they say : ' now you can produce a cheeky dessert so voluptuous your dinner guests will think it 's photoshopped with this well-rounded jelly mould . ' for best results , grease the tin generously for that slippery well-oiled finish . just do n't forgot to balance a bottle of champagne on top to complete the perfect party centrepiece . ' meanwhile , licktators introduce a ' bootyful ' lollypop of their own - with an 18 rating too . firebox , creators of the kim k jelly mould , say ' your dinner guests will think you 've photoshopped the damned thing ' ( l ) while the licktators say this sweet treat could ' lead to a big boost in the size of the posterior ' ( r ) . clear marmite . now you can make someone a nice slice of marmite on toast and they 'd never know it ... until they took a bite . a nightmare for those who ' hate it ' . a spokesperson said : ' the psychological benefits from eating a clear or lighter-coloured spread simply can not be ignored . ' fifteen years in the making , marmite clear is our most innovative new product development to date . ' we are delighted to bring it to market this april and hope all marmite fans will be utterly transparent in their feedback of this exciting new variant . ' marmite 's psychologists say ' eating dark-coloured foods for breakfast can provoke feelings of negativity ' . the humous face mask . moorish humous and the little soap company released a joint april fools ' story about their wacky new collaboration . they said : ' in testing , two out of two partners agreed their loved ones had never looked more fresh and beautiful . ' after leaving on for five minutes then washing off gently with tepid water ; the sweet scent of garlic with musty smoked undertones smelt temptingly delicious and only a little lingering . ' you 're all laughing now but mixing chickpea flour with turmeric actually makes a great cleansing and exfoliating face mask . ' after leaving on for 5 minutes then washing off gently with tepid water ; the sweet scent of garlic with musty smoked undertones smelt temptingly delicious and only a little lingering ' . pants you can pay with . firebox have a heap of hoax gadgets ' out ' today , including these ( con ) tactless knickers . a waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back ' allows you to make secure payments with a pelvic thrust or booty pop ' . the online store wrote : ' touching in and out of the tube ? paying for a coffee ? now you can beat the daily grind with some actual bump and grind . ' a waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back of these tech-filled undies means you can simply give a hearty pelvic thrust or a booty twerk to make secure payments . ' now you can make secure payments ' with a gentle thrusting action or twerk ' . yolkless eggs . sainsbury 's say today that ' three quarters of britons name separating egg whites from yolks as the biggest challenge when it comes to home baking ' , as they launch their yolk-free eggs . their egg and homebaking buyer al bumen , whose name is uncannily close to the other name for egg whites , albumen , said : ' perfect for meringues , marshmallows and other white-only recipes , it 's no yolk this product will help change the way we bake forever . ' the eggs , laid exclusively for sainsbury’s by free-range amber white chickens who eat an all-white diet that includes rice , cauliflower and onions . they must be yolking ! ' taste the difference no-yolk eggs are set to revolutionise home baking ' . tweeting bra . whatever the heart wants will be published for the world to see as this ' magic ' bra turns your feelings into tweets . the ultimo undies with a microfibre finish , monitor physical responses in romantic situations and its ' twitillating ' vibrating feature indicates it 's gathered raw data before converting the vital signs into 140-character posts . it enables women to wear their heart on their ' smart phone in emotional social situations ' . just what they 've always wanted . sensors and monitors gather data then turn it into a tweet - letting you ' wear your heart on your sleeve ' . pie-scented candles . who does n't love the smell of a nice pie in the oven wafting through the house as they come home from work ? thanks to pieminster anyone can now ' bring the smell of perfectly-cooked pastry into your home at the strike of a match ' . they insist : ' the delicious smell of baking is a sure way to convince people you 've been slaving over a hot stove for hours , without actually having to step foot into the kitchen . ' pieminster says its new pie candles can ' bring the smell of perfectly-cooked pastry into your home at the strike of a match ' . of course they can . costa and kip . coffee chain coffee are apparently offering more than caffeine to help refresh customers . now they can wear an ostrich pillow for 15-minute power nap , and nod off at their table . a kindly barista will wake them with their favourite costa drink . many people probably wish this was real . marketing jokers at costa had some fun with an ostrich pillow for this fake ad . leafeater . a beefeater-commissioned consumer study discovered a sea-change in uk tastes , and so the steakhouse have ' rebranded as all-vegan restaurant chain - leafeater ' . they 've replaced fillet steak with portobello mushroom , rib-eye steak for aubergine flat bread with spinach and the 18oz porterhouse steak for tofu and kale . there could be something in this ! beefeater say they 've gone vegan and replaced steak for salads after a rebrand to ' leafeater ' .  