diego simeone and carlo ancelotti both hailed atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak , who made a string of excellent saves to keep real madrid at bay . the champions league quarter-final first leg clash at the vicente calderon finished goalless and that was largely thanks to an outstanding performance from the slovenian goalkeeper . he made a phenomenal save to deny gareth bale in the fourth minute and another fantastic stop kept james rodriguez from opening the scoring in the first half . atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak denies gareth bale an early goal at the vicente calderon on tuesday . oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from real madrid 's james rodriguez in the second half . ' they are one of the best teams in the world at defending . oblak did a great job , ' said real madrid boss ancelotti . ' i think , above all in the first half we deserved more than 0-0 . real madrid 's first half was fantastic , we played very well , with personality . ' the second half was different because they pressured us more and we had difficulty keeping possession . ' the result was not good , but we have gained confidence from that game , from what the team showed . the result is the best of the ' worst ' results . ' they are little details , we had opportunities and everyone did great work in attack , but we did n't finish well . we have to repeat this performance in the bernabeu next wednesday . carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week despite failing to win . cristiano ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring against rivals atletico madrid . ' after this game there is still no favourite . it 's as it was before we started . we have to repeat the game we played in the first 45 minutes . with two draws , you can still go through . ' simeone was also impressed with the performance of real madrid in the first half , but more so with that of his goalkeeper . ' in the first half the opponents were good . oblak was great , especially for bale 's chance . ' and the best thing was the reaction we had . any other team that had been damaged as we were in the first half would have ended up conceding . ' but the game became much closer to what we had imagined at the start . ' simeone also did not want to put the blame on sergio ramos for an incident which saw mario mandzukic left with a bloodied face . sergio ramos ( left ) catches mario mandzukic with his elbow , cutting the atletico striker 's face . diego simone refused to blame ramos for the clash , insisting that the real defender did n't mean it . the two players clashed when challenging for the ball and ramos ' elbow caught the croatian forward . ' mandzukic had a hard game and competed against ramos and varane who are extraordinary players , ' said simeone . ' the hit with ramos happened without him meaning to , so let 's speak nothing more of it . ' the teams meet again on wednesday april 22 , and simeone , whose side have not lost to ancelotti 's in any of the seven clashes this season , is convinced that it will be a great game . ' we will go there with the idea of playing as well as we can , ' he said . ' it will be a different game . it will be the classic game that we all like to play . ' 