university students who smoke cannabis can expect to get lower grades across the board but especially if they are studying maths , a new study has revealed . statistics collected at maastricht university in holland , where cannabis is decriminalised , have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average , the observer reported . the study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world . economists olivier marie from the dutch university and ulf zölitz of iza made their findings based on what happened in maastricht in 2011 when the city let only german , dutch and belgian nationals have access to its 13 coffee shops , where cannabis was sold . the restriction was put in place to combat drug tourism which was thought to be tarnishing the city’s image . tourists particularly from france and luxembourg were visiting masstricht solely to smoke cannabis . marie and zölitz studied the 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion . in a paper recently unveiled at the royal economic society conference in manchester the economists showed plainly that those without easy access to the drug did better in their studies on average . the temporary prohibition constrained consumption amongst the non-german , dutch and belgian nationals and their brain function improved . students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . marie was quoted as saying the difference was found to be similar to those observed in the us when students reach legal drinking age . the change before and after restriction was seen to be even more pronounced amongst ‘ low achievers’ . without access to cannabis they had a 7.6 percent chance of passing the courses . the pair also came to stark conclusions when looking at stats for maths students . for those courses numerical skills the policy effect was ‘ five times larger’ . for those stuying courses with numerical skills the policy effect was ‘ five times larger’ , the maastricht university ( pictured ) study stark concluded . while there is increasing clamour for the legalisation of cannabis across the world , the economists say there is very little evidence of how the drug – which has been linked to psychosis – affects society . coffee shops may start to spring up in berlin with uruguay planning to be the first country to fully legalise the drug . the drug study says : ‘ if marijuana is legalised like it is in many states in the us , we should at least inform consumers about the negative consequences of their drug choices . ’ consuming thc – tetrahydrocannabinol – the active ingredient in cannabis is much the same as drinking pure vodka it concludes . marie , a father , said the study has informed how he advises his own 13-year-old son , about cannabis and he shares the findings as a precautionary measure . the economists say there is little evidence of how the drug , linked to psychosis , affects wider society . 