three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of nsw . the attackers , two aged 15 and one aged 14 , were arrested by on friday after the incident took place on sunday night at charlestown square shopping centre , newcastle . the youths could have been dealt with under the controversial young offenders act , but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal , according to fairfax media . scroll down for video . tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . one 15-year-old boy was charged with assault and affray . the other was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , affray and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone off the 42-year-old victim . the 14-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and affray . the charges come after shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his 13-year-old daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre . tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . vision of the disturbing attack showed mr racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . the incident took place outside the charlestown square shopping centre in newcastle , north of sydney . his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete . mr racsits said he went to pick his daughter up after she called to say some girls wanted to assault her , the newcastle herald reports . there had earlier been some trouble between kiara and at least one girl before she called . as he went up the escalators and called his daughter telling her to come out of the movies , he noticed three girls standing nearby . ' and within 15 seconds , there was like 20 of them . i do n't even know where they came from , ' he said . vision of the disturbing attack showed mr racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . ' they must have been hiding . i think it was a set-up , it was planned . ' they just swarmed and when i looked around i just thought oh s**t there is going to be trouble here . ' mr racsits was walking his daughter down the stairs when he pushed a young man out of the way to get to their car . ' but as soon as i have pushed him out of the way , there was just kicks and punches from the side , ' mr racsits told the newspaper . he was dragged about 10 metres across the road before they started punching and kicking him . his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete . the father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries , but mr racsits is undergoing further examinations to check if any of his ribs were broken . ' it got to a point where i was starting to get a bit dizzy from all the hits i was copping and i went down , ' he said . ' as i was going down i was just basically covering my head up and i actually grabbed one of the guys legs and bit him on the leg . it was the only thing i could do . ' the father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries , but mr racsits is undergoing further examinations to check if any of his ribs were broken . police said mr racsits car keys , mobile phone and wallet were taken following the attack . anyone with information about the incident is urged to call crimestoppers on 1800 333 000 .   