claudia martin , 33 , has been convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter . a mother-of-five today avoided jail for suffocating her newborn baby daughter by stuffing toilet paper down her throat and hiding the infant 's body in a suitcase . claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ' momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' which she no longer suffered from . a court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a ' pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her . she ' intended ' to dispose of the tragic baby 's body unnoticed , wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels , but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital . earlier that evening she had complained to her family of a bad back but an ambulance was called when it was noticed she had wrapped herself in blood-soaked towels . before she left her sister 's home in knowle , bristol , on september 12 last year , she was seen rearranging items in a suitcase and placed items on top . three days later , her sister , vilma , complained of a smell coming from martins ' bedroom and traced it to the suitcase , bristol crown court heard . when she opened it she found towels soaked in blood and the body of a baby girl , which was between 35 and 36 weeks gestation . martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . mr justice teare , sentencing martins at winchester crown court , hampshire , to a two year community order with supervision requirements , described her actions as ' wholly out of character ' . he said : ' on september 12 last year you gave birth to a baby girl and very shortly afterwards you killed that baby by inserting tissue paper in her mouth . a court heard claudia martins ( pictured ) was suffering from a condition known as a ' pathological denial of pregnancy ' . ' immediately thereafter you hid the baby in a suitcase and it was not discovered for three days . ' the explanation for your conduct is you were suffering from an abnormality of mental functioning which substantially impaired your judgement . ' this arose from a medical condition known as a pathological denial of pregnancy which continued despite the obvious presence of a baby . ' the giving of birth did n't bring the denial to an end and you continued to deny the pregnancy to your family , friends and medical personnel . ' it was a great shock to you and induced in you a state of panic . ' your actions of killing the baby were a manifestation of your irrational condition and your actions were wholly out of character . ' he added that her friends provided glowing references of her childcare qualities which were in ' stark contrast ' to her actions on september 12 last year . martins ( pictured ) was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . he continued : ' quite why you developed a pathological denial of pregnancy is unclear but it 's likely to be you living with the pressures of living with two children in cramped conditions without a partner in a foreign country and unable to speak english without any prospect of a job . ' the family of martins , who is originally from mozambique but a portuguese national , will arrange accommodation for her supervision , the court heard . the conditions of the order mean she must report to her probation officer on a regular basis to help her rehabilitation into society . when she killed her baby daughter she was living at the shared property in knowle with eight other people including her sister . however , she can no longer live with her sister because social services will take her four children away into care if they live under the same roof . during the trial adam vaitilingam qc , prosecuting , told how martins concealed her pregnancy from her friends and family and denied giving birth altogether , saying she simply had a period . martins avoided jail and was sentenced to a two year community order with supervision requirements when she appeared at winchester crown court ( pictured ) . he said : ' she placed the body of the baby in a suitcase , hidden from anyone . ' no doubt , we suggest she intended to dispose of it but was prevented from doing so by the arrival of the paramedics , who took her off to hospital . ' following the discovery of the baby 's body police were called and officers arrested martins on september 15 , the day after she was discharged from hospital . in police interviews on september 17 she claimed she was in the bath because her back and legs hurt when the baby suddenly came out . she said she caught the baby but it was n't crying or moving . however , dr russell delaney carried out a post mortem examination on september 17 and could not find any evidence that the baby was stillborn . he added he believed that the wad of tissue paper , made up of around five pieces , was deliberately inserted , a court heard . mr vaitilingam added : ' it is also dr delaney 's view that the obstruction of the baby 's airways by this object would have caused its death if the baby had been born alive . ' in mitigation , christopher quinlan qc said : ' here we have a vulnerable defendant being held in custody and in my respectful submission she should not be there . ' given the circumstances of this case and the jury 's finding the court could impose a sentence that results in her immediate release . ' martins has already served eight months in custody following her arrest in september last year which mr justice teare took into account when sentencing . speaking after the verdict , senior investigating officer det insp neil meade said : ' the death of a baby is always a tragedy but the unique circumstances make this a particularly emotive case for everyone involved . ' our thoughts are very much with the victim 's wider family as they are struggling to comprehend how and why this tragedy happened . '