ben affleck is apologizing after it came to light that the academy award-winning actor and director asked that information be withheld from a pbs show about his family history . after appearing on finding your roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner , affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail.com , a request the producers ultimately agreed to . this enabled affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor , named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in trenton in new jersey in the 1840s . today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision . scroll down for video . ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry . affleck took to facebook to issue his apology . ' after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for finding your roots , it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves , ' wrote affleck . ' i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed . the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . ' affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode . ' it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable , ' he explained . ' the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . ' he then added ; ' i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . it is an examination well worth continuing . ' us genealogist debra fleming is said to have helped trace affleck 's family tree back to mcguire , a relative of his father timothy . ms fleming told the sun : ' there are lots of farmers in the family . slavery did n't end in new jersey until 1846 . ' affleck is just one of the many celebrities once again under fire after wikileaks sorted all the hacked sony emails into a system that makes them easier for the public to search . pbs meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network 's editorial standards . they have yet to release a statement on their findings . after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for `` finding your roots , '' it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves . i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed . the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . skip decided what went into the show . i lobbied him the same way i lobby directors about what takes of mine i think they should use . this is the collaborative creative process . skip agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices i disagreed with . in the end , it 's his show and i knew that going in . i 'm proud to be his friend and proud to have participated . it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable . the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . it is an examination well worth continuing . i am glad that my story , however indirectly , will contribute to that discussion . while i do n't like that the guy is an ancestor , i am happy that aspect of our country 's history is being talked about . ben affleck .