louis van gaal accused manchester united’s players of lacking desire after a 3-0 defeat at everton put their top four hopes back in the balance . the irritation that united’s manager felt following the worst day he has experienced in the barclays premier league was obvious and he did not attempt to make any excuses for a performance that was toothless and meek from the outset . goals from james mccarthy , john stones and substitute kevin mirallas did not flatter everton and van gaal claimed the difference between the two sides came in the attitude and approach they adopted , as united could not match everton’s commitment . wayne rooney and radamel falcao look dejected as they wait to kick off after the third goal . manchester united boss louis van gaal said that his players could not match everton 's motivation . west brom ( home ) - may 2 . crystal palace ( away ) - may 9 . arsenal ( home ) - may 16 . hull ( away ) - may 24 . van gaal admitted he was worried after watching united go through their pre-match warm-up at goodison park and those fears were shared by his assistants , ryan giggs and albert stuivenberg , both of whom expressed their concerns to van gaal about the squad’s sharpness . ‘ when you have a lot of time on the ball , you can lose the ball also easily and then you have to be very sharp in the duels that counts , ’ said van gaal . ‘ when you see the goal after four minutes , three duels in a row we lost and that is an example . ‘ this is the first time that i have seen that our motivation , inspiration and aggression was not so high as the opponent and in sport you shall always be compared to your opponent and that was the reason ( we lost ) . ‘ i had already the feeling and my colleagues , ryan and albert , had the feeling because the warm up was not so good as usual . then you say that in the last minutes before the game , you hope you can recover and stimulate your players but by then it is too late . defender chris smalling admitted that united were second best from the first minute to the last . van gaal fears the defeat has allowed liverpool to apply pressure to united in the race for fourth . ‘ you have to prepare the match already two or three days before and everton has done that and they have won because of that in the first half we created a lot of chances , five i think , but we never scored . when you see the shots on the goal it is also without conviction . that is not good . ’ chris smalling said united were ' second best from first minute until last ' but van gaal maintained preparations in the build-up had gone smoothly . he now recognises liverpool , who play twice before united’s next game , have a real chance to apply pressure in the race for a champions league spot . ‘ the training sessions were all right , ’ said van gaal . ‘ it is a process because we are playing so well that players think “ ok , it shall come” – but it shall not come . you need inspiration , motivation and aggression to win second balls and fight to the end . we’ve given a light to ( liverpool ) . ’ two former everton players – marouane fellaini and wayne rooney – both endured wretched afternoons , with van gaal revealing he substituted fellaini to prevent him being sent-off , while rooney suffered a knee injury that needs assessing . two former everton players wayne rooney and marouane fellaini endured wretched afternoons . everton manager roberto martinez said his side were better in every department than their opponents . the home supporters , however , were not concerned about them and instead basked in their best afternoon of the campaign : everton have now taken 16 points from the last 18 available and roberto martinez saluted a ‘complete’ team performance . ‘ there has been a big difference after the amount of time we had to cope with the demands of europe and the league , ’ said martinez . ‘ by the end of january , we got into the right mentality to cope with both competitions . it has been difficult . ‘ we were not able to get any momentum in the league in the first half of the season . our performance today was very similar to our performance against wolfsburg in the first half of the season . today i hope the players get the credit they deserve . it has been a tough season . ‘ six games ago we had 28 points and we had to win games . i do feel we were better in every department of the game . we coped with the transition and making the dynamic . overall it was a really good game of football . '