an airport worker has been awarded $ 40 million in compensation for a freak runway accident which left him paralyzed from the waist down more than seven years ago . brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . the incident , which took place at 2am on december 26 , 2007 , left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons . afoa went on to sue port of seattle - which owns and operates the sea-tac airport - in king county superior court , saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace . closure : an airport worker has been awarded $ 40 million in compensation for a freak runway accident which left him paralyzed from the waist down more than seven years ago . but for years the case was locked in the courts because the port of seattle claimed it was n't liable for what happened as afoa worked for a private firm . in a bid to move things forward , the state supreme court finally ruled in 2013 that the airport had a ' duty ' to provide a safe working environment . on tuesday a king county jury awarded afoa $ 40 million because of what the incident has done to his life . indeed , the paraplegic needs round-the-clock help from caregivers just to survive . in the courtroom a panel was shown video footage of afoa being craned from his bed by a special lift to a commode and undergoing therapy . jurors went on to apportion 25per cent of the blame for the accident to the port of seattle . meanwhile , a number of airlines which weren’t part of the lawsuit will pay the rest of the money owed . this is because they had contracts with afoa 's previous employer - evergreen aviation ground logistics enterprises - which has since gone out of business . commenting on the outcome , afoa told komo-tv : ' it was a relief and i 'm very thankful for the jury for making an awesome decision . ' in a statement , the port of seattle expressed its sympathies to afoa and his family for the accident . the agency says it 's reviewing the decision . if it decides to appeal the verdict , it could delay payment of afoa 's award .