psychologists and wellness experts have long-known that we 're at our happiest when we 're doing the things we love . but , according to one new study , a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions . the survey of 1,025 australian parents , conducted by officeworks , found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ' more important ' things in the last week , than had men . the cost , says clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins , will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children . according to a recent study of more than 1,000 australian parents , a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies , choosing work and ' more important things ' over their passions . ' we know that we tend to gravitate towards hobbies and interests that use our best strengths but a lot of the other things we do in our lives , including work , do not , ' dr watkins told daily mail australia . ' this is why it 's so important for us to consciously do more of the things that bring us joy . ' dr watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload . ' we know that we’re filling life with more info , we know that technology has so many pros - but the information we’re exposed to grows exponentially , ' she says . ' we have to look at how we can break up a day at work because its abnormal for a brain to focus on a screen for 8 plus hours a day . ' ' remember the brain is wired to pay attention , the brains will just keep processing information to the point of exhaustion , so we actually have to take more care of ourselves . otherwise , we run the risk of over-stressing our brains , by actually not doing very much . ' clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy . one interesting finding to come out of the recent survey , dr watkins says , is that twenty per cent of women are inspired to start new hobbies through social media . ' being inspired is a great thing , so long as that translates into our real lives , ' she says . ' if it does n't , it can actually add another layer of stress . ' ' what we 're seeing is that women could actually be more inspired than ever before , right at the time that we 're also more time poor . ' so how can we create more space in our lives for the things we love ? dr watkins says its important to be pragmatic . ' we have to look at our lives and ask : `` what can go ? '' ' she says . ' it 's not about loading more onto our lives , we 've all done that , if we 're going to add something in , something else has to go , or we 're just going to feel overloaded . ' spending time doing things you love with friends has the advantage of the ' accountability ' factor , dr watkins says . dr watkins also emphasises the importance of being organised . ' get prepared , ' she says . ' whatever your hobby or interest is , recognise that you 're actually going to need the gear to do it . ' next time an unexpected pocket of free time opens up , you can take advantage of it if you 've got the craft stuff you need at hand , for example , or your runners under your desk at work . ' other tips include spending more time sharing your passions with friends - this has the added ' accountability factor ' - and giving to others , perhaps by volunteering your time to others . ' make a list , then pick one or pick two things you love– you can shelve the other stuff for another time - it’s there , the seed has been planted , ' dr watkins says . finally , dr watkins says women should include their ' little people ' in the things they love because hobbies and passions are created in childhood . another worrying statistic that was revealed in the officeworks survey is that 85 per cent of younger australians , specifically geny respondents , said they have also stopped pursing interests that they are passionate about because they feel they should be spending money on ' more important things ' or using their time to complete work or home duties . according to dr watkins , the current situation of parents failing to pursue the things they love is concerning for generations to come because it sets a dangerous cultural norm in australia . pursuing past-times and creative outlets has a positive impact on children , she says and promotes healthy lifestyle choices for teenagers and young adults . 1 . lighten your load . prioritising your commitments and saying ‘no’ occasionally can free up your time . 2 . use your breaks . lunch breaks , coffee runs or public transport commutes provide you with opportunities to take time out . 3 . be prepared . being prepared can help you take advantage of opportunities . carry your camera with you , store a journal in your bag , leave a pair of running shoes at work . 4 . commute creatively . create a pinterest board on your tablet ( like an ipad ) , discover new artists on spotify or read a magazine about your hobby . 5 . include friends . combining your social commitments with your passion is a great way to go . it help enhance your feeling of connectedness with your peers while providing you a creative or physical outlet . 6 . prioritise passions . focus your efforts on one or two interests at a time . remember , you can revisit other projects later when you have more free time . 7 . pledge a commitment . joining a club or engaging a coach to mentor you will do two things : continually motivate you and challenge you to further develop your skills . 8 . involve your little people . many of our hobbies begin in childhood , so share yours with the little people in your life . childhood is all about learning and exposing your children to new activities . it helps their brain strengthen old connections and make new ones . 9 . make it work . with only 9 % of aussies admitting they’re very happy at work , it’s time to get creative and find ways to enhance your workplace . instead of attending another office meeting , suggest a walking meeting or build staff members’ hobbies into team-building activities . 10 . gifts that give . try volunteering or coaching to stay connected to your passion . when you commit your time to others , you’re more likely to leave work on time and prioritise your hobbies .  