friends and neighbours . for the next 48 hours , however , the pint will have to stay behind the bar as chris ramsey and tim sherwood go toe to toe in the scrap for survival . as far as qpr manager ramsey is concerned , sherwood’s aston villa are in no danger of tumbling out of the barclays premier league , despite their lowly position . the verdict is delivered on the evidence that ramsey has gathered in four years of working alongside sherwood at tottenham . chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league . but the qpr boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former tottenham colleague on tuesday . qpr scored four goals in a premier league away game for the first time since march 1994 v norwich ( 4-3 ) . ‘ without a shadow of a doubt i think he will keep them up , ’ said ramsey . ‘ he has a good squad , players who have the wow factor and he knows how to manipulate those particular players . ' if i was a betting man , which we’re not allowed to do , i would be putting a bet on him keeping them up . ’ ramsey will be doing his utmost to extend villa’s top-flight uncertainty on tuesday night and has reason for optimism given rangers’ stunning victory at west bromwich albion . ramsey says if he ' was a betting man , which we’re not allowed to do , ' he would bet on villa staying up . qpr celebrate the second of their four goals against west brom from charle austin ( right ) . a second win in the birmingham area in four days would send qpr above villa on goal difference . sherwood and ramsey , a duo operating as boss and assistant last season at spurs , will share words in advance . ‘ me , him and les ( ferdinand ) live probably 10 minutes from each other so sometimes there is a pint to be had . i’m sure we’ll speak before the game , ’ added ramsey . ‘ we worked together at tottenham for four years in various jobs , ’ said ramsey . ‘it’s great you can have two coaches who’ve gone through the system and are coaching in the premier league . the game has to look at it from an english point of view . ‘ if things hadn’t gone our way against west brom then the mountain looks a little bit bigger . the game will be very important for both teams . ’ ramsey and sherwood were in the trenches together at spurs and live within 10 minutes of each other . the perspective for ramsey’s team is more positive after putting four past a west brom side who for the first half looked to have beach on the brain already . joey barton scored in added time at the hawthorns to underline the emphatic victory , having six minutes earlier received a forearm in the face from youssouf mulumbu that saw the albion midfielder sent off . that ended any chance of a comeback for the hosts , who trailed 3-0 at the break but pulled one back through victor anichebe . first half goals from eduardo vargas , charlie austin and bobby zamora , who scored a wonderful lob with the outside of his left boot , did the damage . eduardo vargas celebrates the opener for qpr in the remarkable 4-1 win over west brom on saturday . bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob to give his side a 3-0 half-time lead . austin’s strike was his 16th in the premier league this season and barton suggested he would have an england cap by now were he in a more fashionable side . ‘ it helps if you play for certain clubs to play for england , ’ said the qpr midfielder . ‘ certain people who haven’t done as well as charlie , who has scored so many goals in a struggling side , seem to be shoo-ins in the england side . ’ qpr captain joey barton celebrates his goal , his team 's fourth , late in the game at the hawthorns . 