the son of a well known nightclub owner who bragged about taking a girl 's virginity in an alley is appealing his rape conviction . luke lazarus , a 23-year-old former private school boy , was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub in kings cross , inner sydney in may 2013 . lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction , also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received , fairfax media reported . scroll down for video . luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho nightclub on may 12 , 2013 . in the victim 's impact statement , which was read out at court on her behalf , the woman said she will never be the same following the brutal attack . ' i thought that once i left the alleyway the pain would go away ... but it did n't , ' the statement said . ' everything that made me who i was stayed in that alleyway . ' lazarus said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it was n't made him : ' absolutely sick to my stomach ' . when sentencing him , judge sarah huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said he was reckless . ' i am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt he must have realised there was a possibility she was n't consenting , ' she told sydney 's district court . but she said he was ' not caring in one way or another whether she was consenting ' . during luke lazarus 's rape trial , the jury were told he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the dj at the soho , before he ushered her into an alleyway . this comes as eastern sydney 's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a glowing reference for lazarus ' out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub , in sydney . now the controversial councillor is developing ' a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations ' . in an interview with the wentworth courier she referenced the behaviour of lazarus 's victim . the mayor of three years said : ' by the sheer fact of ( the assault ) happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved , ( means people are ) open to the possibility of risky behaviour , so i 'm saying let 's try and close that loophole . ' daily mail australia has contacted cr betts for comment . cr betts is reportedly developing the program for school girls alongside waverley action for youth services ( ways ) and the police . during lazarus 's trial , the jury was told that he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the dj at his father 's club , the soho , before he ushered her into the alleyway . the court heard that during the assault he pulled her stockings down , ignored a second request by her to leave and said in an authoritative tone ' put your f***ing hands on the wall , get on the floor and arch your back ' . waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist luke lazarus and is now developing ' a new risky behaviour education program ' for young women . when it was over lazarus told her to add her name to a list of conquests in his phone that he had . in a text message to a friend the afternoon after the attack , in the early hours of may 12 , 2013 , lazarus said : ' i honestly have zero recollection of calling you ... was a sick night – took a chick 's virginity . ' his friend replied : ' bahahahaha nice popping does cherries ... ' lazarus replied : ' ... it 's a pretty gross story tell ya later ' . cr betts said in the character reference she wrote for lazarus that his conviction was ' inconsistent with the gentle well-mannered and respectful young man that i know ' . she also said she had no hesitation supporting lazarus and his family . in a recent interview with the wentworth courier she said she wrote the reference in support of lazarus 's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years . ' they are shocked and devastated and i wrote in support of them , ' she said . sally betts has been the mayor of waverley for three years in sydney 's eastern suburbs . australia 's first minister for the prevention of domestic violence and sexual assault pru goward slammed the public figures in the local community who supported lazarus . along with cr betts , the honorary secretary of the honorary consulate-general of greece in brisbane , tsambico k athanasas , south sydney rabbitohs rugby league club chairman nick pappas and the parish priest at the greek orthodox christian church of st george , rose bay , father gerasimos koutsouras , spoke out to support him . ' not only does this diminish their standing , it can shatter the confidence of the victim and often discourages them from seeking justice , ' she said . on thursday , federal member for wentworth and minister for communications malcolm turnbull , whose electorate takes in betts ' council area , refused to endorse her to continue in her position . turnbull 's office declined to respond when probed by the guardian over whether he would support her as mayor . a council investigation is currently underway to determine whether she broke the code of conduct . on facebook a campaign page with over 200 likes has begun calling for her removal from office . ' as a community we must stand against our elected leaders supporting convicted rapists . sally betts mayor of waverley needs to know that she must go , ' the page says . luke lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars . he told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ' inflated sense of power and entitlement ' . a photo of a drunken looking young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub 's facebook page on april 3 by an ' external promoter ' . last week , nightclub promoters apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their easter weekend event - just a week after lazarus was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue . a photo of a ' drunken ' young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on soho nightclub 's facebook page on april 3 . the photo 's caption said : ' we 're throwing an extra special yeezter event tonight . free entry till 10pm and $ 5 drinks till midnight – get amongst it ! ' the disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on twitter , the daily life reports , with one shocked social media user complaining : ' this is how luke lazarus ( sic ) father promotes nightclub soho . posted week after sentencing ! ' . a twitter user told daily mail australia : ' once it did twitter rounds and people started commenting it was removed by saturday . ' a soho management spokesperson told daily mail australia : ' the event on the night was set up by an external promoter as a one-off event . ' he was given access to the official facebook page but as soon as we noticed he 'd put that up it was taken down . ' the club agreed that the photo used was '100 per cent inappropriate ' . the soho nightclub is a popular venue in sydney 's kings cross district . judge huggett said lazarus , a south sydney rabbitohs fan , came from a privileged upbringing .             