almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . they are struggling to fill core teaching positions , with some posts attracting only one or two applicants . school leaders warn the ' bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and ' greater competition ' for graduates among employers . almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . a survey by the association of school and college leaders ( ascl ) found that 44 per cent of respondents had vacancies in english , 52 per cent in maths and 50 per cent in science . overall , 86 per cent had ' difficulty ' recruiting teachers for core subjects . meanwhile , 62 per cent had similar problems in non-core subjects . and 65 per cent said they believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years . london schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in english , maths and science , followed by the north west and east of england . the non-core subjects facing recruitment difficulties include geography , design and technology , business studies , computer science , religious education and modern foreign languages . the survey received 97 responses from headteachers and groups of headteachers from local networks of schools . one leader of a secondary school in southern england said : ' i have advertised for a head of maths twice and so far only had one applicant . this is a non-selective comprehensive school which has been significantly above average for maths consistently in the last five years . ' why would n't someone want to lead such a great team ? ' a headteacher in the east of england said : ' a recent advert for a head of english drew two candidates , both with insufficient relevant experience . ' head of ict/computing drew a field of two suitable candidates out of four applicants , and teacher of maths drew one suitable applicant from a pool of two . all in all it is very bleak and there is a distinct lack of choice . ' a survey by the association of school and college leaders ( ascl ) found that 44 per cent of respondents had vacancies in english , 52 per cent in maths and 50 per cent in science . a headteacher in north yorkshire claimed ' recruitment is becoming a significant factor in preventing school improvement ' . he said : ' maths , physics and now good-quality english candidates are in very short supply and schools in challenging circumstances are facing the future with little hope of recruiting credible candidates . ' meanwhile an assistant headteacher in the midlands said their school – rated outstanding by ofsted – only received two applications for a full-time english post . brian lightman , ascl general secretary , said : ' the existing teacher supply model does not work . schools all over the country are experiencing unprecedented difficulties recruiting trainees , qualified teachers , middle and senior leaders . ' the next government must act urgently to ensure that effective processes are put in place to model numbers of teachers needed in each sector and region , and then promote the status and value of teaching as a profession . ' the union is drawing up a ten-point plan to deal with the recruitment crisis , proposing action by both teachers and politicians . it wants an expansion in school-led teacher training , the development of a core curriculum for teaching degrees and the launch of a campaign to attract new recruits . 