kyle patrick loughlin from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked . a 21-year-old college student from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked . kyle patrick loughlin , who was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course , was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he 'd molested two boys aged between four and five . police told the boston globe that they then proceeded to search loughlin 's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children 's underwear and diapers . the student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote ' sexually charged fantasy stories ' involving children . authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect 's family home . according to wcvb news , an investigation was launched into the supposed child abuse case last week after one of the children 's parents filed a complaint . there had also been reports relating to loughlin 's ' suspicious behavior ' , where he apparently got too close to some of the infants in his care . despite his admittance , loughlin pleaded ' not guilty ' in court on friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery . he will now be held without bail until a dangerousness hearing next week and ca n't be reached for comment . it 's unknown who represents him . university spokeswoman eva gaffney says loughlin was one of several students working at the licensed center and had passed a required background check . scene of the incident : there had also been reports relating to loughlin 's ' suspicious behavior ' , where he allegedly got too close to some of the infants in his care . the daycare facility center serves children from age two years and nine months to six years and has a capacity of up to 30 children . loughlin apparently told police he worked at the center bi-weekly for a total of seven hours but it was not clear how long he had been employed . other students who worked with him described him as ' socially awkward ' and ' extremely strange ' . gaffney says that parents have been informed about the case involving loughlin and staff will be on hand to address any concerns . the state 's child welfare agency is investigating .