fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola , officials have warned . while the drinks are said to have health benefits , some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving . the local government association , which represents councils that are responsible for public health , accused soft drink firms of ‘ dragging their heels’ when it comes to minimising sugar in their products . ocean spray cranberry classic juice drink ( pictured left ) was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml , which is more than the amount in a can of coca-cola ( right ) . it said children under the age of ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks . in a survey , the organisation found that some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit for adults . even some fruit juices contain more than a single day’s limit in a single serving – surpassing a can of coca-cola . ocean spray cranberry classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml , while pomegreat ‘ super juice’ had 12.1g . both exceed the 10.6g per 100ml in a can of coca-cola – but do not come close to the 15.1g per 100ml in old jamaica ginger beer . a 300ml serving of any of the four drinks would breach the 25g daily sugar limit recommended by the world health organisation . juice businesses insisted the study is misleading because it does not differentiate between unhealthy added sugar – such as monosaccharides and disaccharides in fizzy drinks – and natural sugar found in fruit . cranberry juice is frequently promoted as a health product which is said to ward off urinary tract infections . and pomegranate juice has been linked to resistance to prostate cancer and heart disease . the lga is calling for a fifth of the vat raised on sugary drinks , sweets and takeaway food to go to councils to pay for public health schemes . councillor izzi seccombe , tory leader of warwickshire county council and chairman of the lga’s community wellbeing board , said : ‘ it is wholly unacceptable for one normal-sized can of soft drink to contain double the recommended daily limit . ‘ products like these are fuelling the obesity crisis and helping wean a generation of overweight children . ‘ we are calling on the sector as a whole to step up and show more corporate responsibility . ’ a spokesman for ocean spray said cranberries are naturally low in sugar , so sweetening is required . vitamin water is promoted for its health benefits , but drinks contain four teaspoons of sugar per 330ml . she added : ‘ we offer consumers a range of reduced sugar options including our cranberry classic light product . ‘we’ve made and continue to maintain a firm commitment to low-sugar innovation , and through product formulation , price promotion and portion sizes we seek to offer the best choice in flavours , calories and formats . ’ adam pritchard , chief executive of pomegreat , accused the lga of distributing misleading research . he said his product does not include refined sugar , which the who says is more harmful than naturally occurring fruit sugars . pomegreat instead includes pinitol , a natural compound which stops blood sugar levels rapidly rising . mr pritchard said : ‘ to lump us in with big fizzy drinks companies is just misleading . ‘ we are a small company competing with huge multinational businesses which are just chucking sugar into drinks because it is cheap . ‘ we use a much more healthy natural sweetener which costs 2.5 as much as refined sugar . it is not the same thing . ’ 