scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating technique shows that little foot , an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa , is roughly 3.7 million years old . ' the age of little foot has been highly debated , ' said geologist darryl granger of purdue university in indiana , whose research appears in the journal nature . the study found little foot , a member of the species australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia . scroll down for video . the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from thesterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the species was much bigger and taller than lucy 's , with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing . like lucy , little foot was female . its hands were proportioned like ours , with a long thumb and relatively short fingers and palm , unlike the elongated hands of modern apes . its legs were slightly longer than its arms , unlike modern apes . both species blended ape-like and human-like traits but with different features . the researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives . our species , homo sapiens , appeared roughly 200,000 years ago . earlier members of the human genus , homo , date back more than 2 million years . our genus was predated by other species on the human family tree including various representatives of the genus australopithecus . members of lucy 's species were contemporaries of little foot , although lucy herself lived about 500,000 years later . like lucy , little foot was female . the species was much bigger and taller than lucy 's , with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing , according to paleoanthropologists ron clarke and kathy kuman of the university of the witwatersrand in johannesburg . the face of little foot , which has now been accurately dated for the first time . its hands were proportioned like ours , with a long thumb and relatively short fingers and palm , unlike the elongated hands of modern apes . its legs were slightly longer than its arms , unlike modern apes . clarke and kuman noted similarities in facial structure and some teeth between little foot and the later human relative paranthropus , indicating little foot 's species may have been ancestral to paranthropus or a close cousin . the new date for little foot indicates lucy 's species was not the only one that could have given rise to later members of the human family tree , clarke and kuman said . ' the fact , therefore , that we have at least two ( australopithecus ) species living at the same time in different parts of africa , ( about ) 3.67 million years ago , raises the question of how many other species there may have been which have not yet been discovered , ' clarke and kuman said by email . the team used purdue 's prime lab 's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector , called a gas-filled magnet detector , to measure the radioisotopes . ' we succeeded in our measurement , but we were surprised the dates were so old , ' said darryl granger , a professor of earth , atmospheric and planetary sciences at purdue . the team used purdue 's prime lab 's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector , called a gas-filled magnet detector , to measure the radioisotopes . ' we succeeded in our measurement , but we were surprised the dates were so old , ' granger said . ' we double-and triple-checked our results , running the measurement again and again . ' the gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector . this lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector , which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement . some of the other material found at the site : stone tools found at a different level of the sterkfontein cave also were dated at 2.18 million years old , making them among the oldest known stone tools in south africa . the gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the genesis spacecraft . unfortunately , the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to earth . the crash delayed analysis of the genesis samples , but caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014 . caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects , including those from the sterkfontein site . ' only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world , ' caffee said . ' we double-and triple-checked our results , running the measurement again and again . ' the gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector . this lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector , which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement . ron clarke , a professor in the evolutionary studies institute at wits university in south africa holds the little foot skull , among the oldest hominid skeletons ever dated at 3.67 million years old , according to an advanced dating method . the date places little foot as an older relative of lucy , a famous australopithecus skeleton dated at 3.2 million years old that was found in ethiopia . the gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the genesis spacecraft . unfortunately , the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to earth . the crash delayed analysis of the genesis samples , but caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014 . the new findings suggest little foot roamed the earth at around the same time as the famed 3.2-million-year-old lucy , an australopithecus afarensis - shown in a reconstruction above . when discovered in hadar , ethiopia , lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would 've stood 3.5 feet ( about a meter ) tall . currently , more than 300 individuals of this species , which lived between about 3.85 million and 2.95 million years ago , have been uncovered . caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects , including those from the sterkfontein site . ' only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world , ' caffee said . ' one of the reasons i came to purdue was to be a part of the revolutionary science that can be done when such resources are applied to challenging problems . these results highlight what can be accomplished through a collaboration that spans multiple disciplines . it could n't have happened without the unique skills and resources each person brought to the table . ' inrap 's french researcher laurent bruxelles shows little foot , a fossil with both ape-like and human features found in a cave at the sterkfontein site , near johannesburg . the ' cradle of life ' is one of eight world heritage sites in south africa . in 2008 the 47,000 hectare site site yielded the . discovery of australopithecus sediba - thought to be an early human . ancestor that combines simian and modern human characteristics . the world-renowned sterkfontein caves is home to the oldest and most continuous paleaontological dig in the world . it is also the site of discovery of the famous pre-human skull affectionately known as ' mrs ples ' , and the almost complete hominid skeleton called ' little foot ' . granger 's original attempt was the first time aluminum-26 and beryllium-10 radioisotopic dating had been used to determine the age of a fossil . he developed the method in 1997 and first used it to study changes in mountains , rivers and other geological formations . because of their very slow rate of decay , these particular radioisotopes allow dating to reach back millions of years , much further in history than the more commonly known carbon-14 dating that can only stretch back about 50,000 years , he said . only a small amount of the radioisotopes remain in the quartz after millions of years , and it can only be measured by the ultrasensitive analysis of accelerator mass spectrometry . ' we had given up and nearly walked away from the project thinking we had failed , ' granger said . ' then the new detector was completed , and we thought we would give it one last try . '  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .