a 30-year-old scouser released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years was the hero of scottish football at the weekend . full back david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final . you can only be pleased for him – he must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the liverpool first team as a youngster ( he played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for rafa benitez 's reds at burnley in 2005 – djimi traore 's silky back-heeled own goal deciding the game ) . it 's a fantastic moment for raven , good luck to him in the final . but what can we deduce about the state of scottish football from the two hampden park semi-finals last weekend ? david raven peels away after scoring the winner for inverness against celtic in the scottish cup semi-final . raven celebrates with team-mate ryan christie as inverness knocked celtic out at hampden . well with scotland 's top club , celtic , taking the decision to embarrass themselves publicly by writing to the sfa crying about a penalty they were n't awarded against inverness , you can see there are problems . i interviewed goal hero raven and he seemed upset by celtic 's actions : ' for a club that size to write to the sfa is a bit much , it 's definitely taken the gloss off it a little bit for me . i 'm surprised a club like celtic have done that – it 's a bit of an error of judgment for me . i do n't know what they 're hoping to get out of it , ' he told me . well done celtic , your extreme arrogance managed to spoil the highlight of an honest pro 's career . you should be ashamed of themselves . celtic think they are so gigantic they have a divine right to get to the final . apparently only they can make themselves the victims of bad decisions from officials . celtic are like the brat of a child , over-indulged by parents , and scoffing too many sweets and not sharing any with the other kids because of some superiority complex which is n't backed up by what 's actually going on . and the mismanagement of the scottish game has left it imbalanced and unattractive . whichever way you look at it , scottish football , like an unsafe , stinking high rise on the wrong side of glasgow , needs wiping out and starting again . firstly , celtic need bringing down a peg or two . there is nothing to suggest they are bigger than the game of football , yet they act like they are lords and masters of all around them . celtic did n't get a penalty – so what ? inverness should have had one when sub keeper lukasz zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent . as bad losers go , celtic are just about the worst of the lot . celtic striker leigh griffiths complained : ' we were robbed . ' the whole of football is laughing in his face ! imagine how rangers fans felt when the authorities banished their club to the brink of non-league football . now that 's being robbed . none of this reflects well on scottish football . josh meekings ( centre ) appeared to handle the ball in the box but no penalty was awarded to celtic . kris commons appeals for a penalty after meeking 's apparent hand ball but it was to no avail . celtic captain scott brown appeals to referee steve mclean - the club have since written to the sfa . next the game north of the border must do more to attract supporters to matches . for saturday 's game between hibs and falkirk there were 30,000 empty seats , while nearly 25,000 were missing for sunday 's tie . two showpiece games at the country 's national stadium should be getting close to sell-out crowds . the two biggest clubs in the country – celtic and rangers - regularly have loads of empty seats at home games . where is the passion for football in scotland ? has it disappeared completely ? was it the curling craze that did it ? have rhona martin and all curlers since the olympic gold medallist hit her peak become the new heroes rather than iron bruisers like scott brown ? what about on the pitch : take a look at the three inverness scorers on sunday : raven i 've told you about ; greg tansey i first saw when he was a teenager at stockport and i was impressed . his career since then has levelled out . he 's a good technician , but having been allowed to leave stevenage last year when they were bottom of league one you 'd have to question his all-round ability . and edward ofere scored a cracker at hampden , finding the net for the second successive weekend . but this is a 29-year-old nigerian striker who has yet to play a competitive international game and has had a nomadic footballing existence thumbing his way around the minor european leagues so far . it 's a great moment for these players and for inverness , but let 's not confuse that with anything remotely resembling high quality football . these are journeymen who have worked hard to earn their big day out . james dunne was a cup winner in scotland with st johnstone last season , this year he 's been picking up yellow cards in the bottom half of league two with portsmouth . large swathes of hampden were empty for both scottish cup semi-finals over the weekend . the standard of scottish football has continued to fall and the game needs to be overhauled . inverness manager john hughes , sacked by hartlepool after relegation to league two less than two years ago , has moulded these players into a side that sits third in the scottish premiership table , and favourites to win the scottish cup final . in some ways you have to be impressed , and the caley fans are loving it right now of course . but the standard is not high , and that 's not healthy for scottish football . with the quality on the pitch lacking , it 's no surprise the fans ca n't be bothered to pay and watch . you sign english league two players and you 'll get league two crowds . what 's needed is a total restructuring : a bigger top division in scotland for a start . that would ensure the biggest clubs have the best chance of staying there , and it would mean the clubs play each other only twice a season in the league – familiarity has bred boredom with a smaller scottish premiership . beyond the top flight , establish only one division with strict criteria for stadia and salary capping . that way clubs are less likely to suffer financial crisis , but standards are maintained , and the focus is on quality in those top two divisions , rather than the current situation where resources spread far too thinly over four leagues . somehow a fairer distribution of wealth is needed in scotland . pumping all the money into celtic has n't led to any success in europe – in fact celtic have got worse . so spread the money more evenly , generate competition , and maybe that way scotland can become strong again . it 's not all bad - falkirk 's matchwinner on saturday craig sibbald looks like a decent footballer , yet he ca n't get in the scotland under 21 squad . there are some promising young scottish players around right now , no doubt about that . but overall scottish football is in a bad way right now . it 's in need of major surgery . celtic 's pathetic letter should fire the sfa into action . celtic 's emilio izaguirre cuts a dejected figure at full-time after his side failed to reach the final .