an american soldier was killed in a shooting incident wednesday in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad in which at least two other u.s. troops were wounded when an afghan soldier opened fire at them , a u.s. official said . the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad . all u.s. embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission , the embassy said . nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier , as is the coalition 's policy . the washington official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to speak before the official announcement was released . scroll down for video . insider attack : an american soldier was killed wednesday when an afghan soldier opened fire on a group of u.s. troops in the city of jalalabad . above , the body of the afghan shooter who turned against the u.s. forces working for nato . identified : the police chief for the eastern nangarhar province identified the afghan shooter as abdul azim from the lagham province . it was the second fatality suffered by nato since the beginning of the year , when the coalition launched its new mission in afghanistan called resolute support . also , an afghan soldier killed three american contractors on january 29 . the shooter was also killed in that incident . general fazel ahmad sherzad , who is police chief for eastern nangarhar province where the shooting happened , said it took place immediately after the meeting and the embassy official has left . ' right after the u.s. official had left , suddenly an afghan army soldier opened fire on the u.s. soldiers who were present in the compound , ' sherzad told the associated press . the american troops returned fire , killing the afghan soldier , whom sherzad identified as abdul azim , from laghman province . the motive for his attack was not immediately known . information was sketchy and an eyewitness told the ap that four u.s. troops had been wounded in the attack - not three as sherzad said - and were being treated at a clinic on the american base in jalalabad . surprise attack : afghan policemen console each other at the site of the deadly attack by an afghan national army soldier who opened fire on u.s. troops , in the compound of the provincial governor , jalalabad , afghanistan on wednesday .