it is the sort of advert to strike fear into any woman . wanted : female body double for sienna miller . must have the same body measurements as the hollywood actress – give or take a centimetre . but that hasn’t stopped a hopeful production company putting out a very detailed request that includes , and reveals , every one of miss miller’s impressive vital statistics . specifics : applicants must meet a strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in , have a 25½in waist , a high hip of 35 , low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob , so they look like sienna miller . would-be siennas hoping to appear in an advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25½in waist , the advert states . their ‘ low hip’ measurement should be 36½in while their ‘ high hip’ should come in at 35in . those afflicted with bingo wings will wince at miss miller’s ‘ top arm’ circumference – a sparrow-like 10in . the casting request even gives details of the 33-year-old’s head and wrist circumferences . the hopeful extra must not have tattoos or body piercings and must be prepared to cut her hair into a messy bob , just like miss miller’s . and , if measuring up to these remarkable standards is not enough , the successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga . according to the casting call , the advert , for austrian water brand vöslauer , will star miss miller and feature a group of girls ‘ having a laugh while they perform very hard yoga moves in a private class’ . the commercial ‘ uses the effortless and feminine elegance of the girls to personify the true spirit of vöslauer’ . flexible : on top of having the right measurements , applicants must be be able to do a host of yoga moves like the bridge ( pictured ) . sought-after position : sienna miller wannabees should be good at yoga stances including the scorpion . moves : as well as having the right measurements and being prepared to chop their hair into a messy bob , applicants must also be able to do yoga moves including the side crow ( left ) and lotus ( right ) . candidates are required to demonstrate their yoga skills in the audition , with filming due to start in london shortly . required yoga poses include the ‘ side crow’ , where the stand-in must balance on his or her forearms . the clones are also required to demonstrate the ‘bridge’ , ‘lotus’ , ‘warrior’ , ‘ wild thing’ and the ‘scorpion’ , which sees the legs curl over the head in a potentially hospitalising move . the fee for the body double is set at just £500 . curiously , however , a separate casting call for the same advert , this time for a male yogi required to do the same moves but without looking like miss miller , sets the fee at £1,500 . vöslauer water , austria’s answer to evian , bills itself as coming from the country’s ‘ oldest fountain of youth’ . the spring is said be more than 20,000 years old and to have its source 2,000ft underground . previous adverts for the brand have featured fellow hollywood actress keira knightley and models claudia schiffer , cindy crawford and agyness deyn . 