a husband accused of trying to murder his cheating wife wrote her an extraordinary letter while remanded in prison asking her to send him a suit for his trial , a court heard yesterday . joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed his 47-year-old wife amanda eight times after he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman . she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back . joseph o'riordan stabbed his wife of ten years amanda ( left ) with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times . o'riordan , who was a councillor at the time , rang an ambulance after the attack in october last year and admitted what he had done during the 999 call . yesterday it emerged that four months later , while on remand , o'riordan wrote to his wife from jail asking her to ' get my things together ' before for his trial . meanwhile mrs o'riordan , during questioning by her husband 's defence team in court yesterday , sobbed : ' i did not want to hurt joe . i never wanted to hurt him… even now . all of this is my fault because i had an affair . ' in the letter , which was posted from prison on february 4 this year , o'riordan asked his wife to gather some of his belongings and give them to his son , including a ' decent jumper ' and his ' beige casual jacket ' . he also asked for his ' blue suit ' and ' three ties that will go with the suit ' , which he said he needed for the trial . his letter went on : ' you will be fully aware that i can not make any mention of the case . ' i hope and pray that your recovery continues to progress and you will always remain in my heart – god bless , joe . ' o'riordan sobbed as the letter was read out at brighton crown court yesterday . his wife also broke down in the witness box as she gave evidence from behind a screen . the case was adjourned for 90 minutes to give mrs o'riordan time to regain her composure . prosecutor dale sullivan asked if she had been expecting the letter and she replied : ' no – i was n't expecting anything from him . ' earlier , video footage of a pre-recorded police interview with mrs o'riordan was played to the court , in which she described her husband as ' passionate and vocally volatile ' but said he had never ' laid a finger on her before . ' she said she thought he might have suffered from ' mild depression ' because he could be ' up one minute and down the next ' . during later questioning by o'riordan 's defence counsel peter doyle qc , she said she and her husband were ' soulmates ' . the couple , from polegate , east sussex , met in 1991 and had been married for ten years at the time of the attack , the court heard . brighton magistrates ' court heard that four months after attack , while on remand , o'riordan wrote to his wife from jail asking her to ' get my things together ' before for his trial . but mrs o'riordan said that last year she felt ' smothered ' by her husband and wanted ' more me time . ' this was the ' trigger ' for her brief affair with postman nicholas gunn , who has since moved away from the area . ' it was not something i had ever done before , ' she told the court . o'riordan found out about the affair after hiring a private detective to follow her . he had also asked his friends to watch her . the jury heard that a row had developed between the pair on october 22 while they were visiting mrs o'riordan 's mother after o'riordan received a phone call , believed to be from mr gunn . mrs o'riordan said they then went to a kfc restaurant and in the car on the way home her husband became angry and she tried to get out , but was ' dragged ' back and held down . once the couple were home , she said her husband came into their bedroom brandishing a kitchen knife as he cried : ' you have made me do this . this is all your fault . ' mrs o'riordan also said that just days before the assault her husband had talked of ' finishing her off and then himself ' . she added : ' i just thought that was talk as it was not said in anger . i never read anything into it . it was not said with malice but it was said maybe a week before he attacked me . ' o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council , east sussex , at the time . he was also president of his local royal british legion and was invited to the queen 's garden party in 2013 for helping to arrange parts of her diamond jubilee celebrations . o'riordan has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder . the trial continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .