fernando torres has hailed manager diego simeone as the reason behind atletico madrid 's success ahead of their champions league quarter-final meeting with real madrid . the reigning la liga champions have surpassed expectations with the former argentina midfielder in charge to become one of the most respected sides in europe - where they reached last season 's champions league final before losing to their city rivals . since then , atletico have not been beaten by cristiano ronaldo and co in six matches with victories in this season 's super cup , king 's cup and both league clashes . fernando torres trains at the vicente calderon ahead of tuesday 's champions league quarter-final . manager diego simeone is reason behind atletico madrid 's recent success , insists torres . simeone speaks to his players ahead of their european showdown with city rivals real madrid . ( l-r ) diego godin , arda turan , cristian ansaldi , antoine griezmann join torres in training . the former chelsea misfit , who has scored four goals since returning to his former club , was quick the lay the credit for success at his manager 's door . ' it is his character as a player and as a coach that drives the team , ' torres said . ' he knows we are a team that needs to know what we are about , our weaknesses and our strengths , but above all our weaknesses so we can then implement our qualities . simeone 's side have not lost to atletico madrid in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final . atletico madrid have exceeded most people 's expectations by competing with the likes of real and barcelona . former chelsea midfielder tiago ( left ) and defender godin help each other with their stretches . atletico madrid 's mario mandzukic ( right ) and antoine griezmann ( centre ) have fun with a photographer . ' we do n't have the options that real madrid , barcelona , bayern [ munich ] or chelsea have , we can not drop points and make up for them later . we are a team that plays at our limit . ' meanwhile , torres is one of five atletico players , including cristian ansaldi , jesus gamez , gabi , and mario suarez who are one booking away from being suspended for the return leg . carlo ancelotti 's side have fabio coentrao , marcelo and toni kroos in the same position . torres is consoled after scoring an own goal in atletico 's 2-2 draw with malaga at the weekend . 