british police helped australian officials foil a suspected lee rigby-style terror attack on police during first world war commemorations , it emerged today . a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day , which takes place this saturday . when the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police , they tipped off australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects , arresting five men over the weekend . police are now working to shore up security for a string of anzac day events taking place in london , including services at the cenotaph and westminster abbey to be attended by the queen , prince philip and prince william . scroll down for video . arrest : police have arrested a 14-year-old on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack in australia ( file photo ) . greater manchester police said today that the 14-year-old was first arrested on april 2 after police intercepted communications between him and an australian man , allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack . he was then re-arrested on saturday on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , and is currently being questioned by police in custody . five men from melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after british authorities passed on their findings to police in australia , and on saturday 18-year-old sevdet besim was charged with terror offences . it was claimed today that the australian men planned to knock over a policeman with a car then stab him to death , in a chilling echo of the murder of british soldier lee rigby two years ago . a security official told abc that the terrorists then planned steal the dead officer 's gun and go on a shooting rampage which would not end until they were shot dead themselves . the alleged plot is similar to the killing of fusilier rigby , who was run over by muslim converts michael adebolajo and michael adebowale outside his barracks in woolwich before they attacked him with knives and attempted to behead him . attack : sevdet besim , pictured , has been charged with planning an attack in melbourne on anzac day . arrest : a suburban house in melbourne where one of the alleged terrorist plotters was arrested on saturday . tony mole , from the north-west counter-terrorism unit , said today : ' we have uncovered communication between an individual in the north west and a man in australia to what we believe is a credible terrorist threat . ' as soon as this information came to light we acted quickly with the relevant authorities here and abroad and this has resulted with officers from the nwctu arresting a teenager . ' the nature of the communication is currently under full assessment and subject to investigation . ' we are continuing to work closely with the police in australia and lancashire and i want to reassure the public that we have not uncovered an imminent attack in the uk and there is no immediate threat towards the communities of lancashire , the north-west and the uk . ' australian federal police said : ' victoria police and the australian federal police can confirm a link between the arrest of a 14-year-old boy in blackburn , lancashire in the united kingdom on saturday with operation rising , a joint counter terrorism team operation . ' the nature of the communication will form part of the investigation and therefore it would not be appropriate to comment further . ' in the wake of the melbourne arrests , australian officials have ramped up security for anzac day events , while police in britain are reviewing the arrangements for anzac day celebrations in the uk . this year 's commemorations are considered particularly significant , as april 25 marks the 100th anniversary of the start of the ill-fated gallipoli campaign , which led to the deaths of 11,500 troops from australia and new zealand . horrors : soldiers pictured during the gallipoli campaign , which left thousands of allied troops dead . commemoration : the queen and the duke of edinburgh pictured laying a wreath at the cenotaph in 1990 , the 75th anniversary of the campaign ; they are set to do the same during a ceremony on saturday . london is hosting three commemorative ceremonies on saturday - a dawn service at hyde park corner , a wreath-laying ceremony at the cenotaph on whitehall and a service of thanksgiving at westminster abbey . the queen and the duke of edinburgh are due to attend the services at the cenotaph and westminster abbey , while the duke of cambridge will join them at the cenotaph and princess anne will attend the dawn service . security is already set to be high at all three events , with those attending told to carry photographic id , but it could be ramped up further after the recent terror arrests . deputy assistant commissioner neil basu of the metropolitan police said over the weekend : ' following counter-terrorism arrests in australia this weekend and allegations of attack planning against anzac day commemorations and police officers in australia , we are reviewing security plans at related events in the uk . ' we already have protective security plans in place for major anzac events in the uk but as a sensible precaution all forces have been asked to review security arrangements at related events to ensure they are safe and secure for the public and officers . ' while there is no information to suggest a specific threat to related events in the uk - and the current uk threat level remains unchanged - the public should remain vigilant . ' at least 50 events commemorating anzac day are set to take place in other parts of the uk this weekend , including services at manchester cathedral , winchester cathedral and oxford university . australian police said on saturday that sevdet besim and another 18-year-old were planning to use ' edged weapons ' to attack officers in melbourne while anzac day celebrations are taking place . the teenagers were said to be inspired by islamic extremist numan haider , who was shot dead by police in september last year after he attacked officers with a knife outside a melbourne police station . like britain , australia has been suffering from an apparent upsurge in would-be jihadists as the rise of isis has attracted young australians to fight in the middle east and plot terror attacks at home . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .