one season soon , there will be more people watching each premier league match live in the usa than in britain . that is the confident expectation of broadcasting titan nbc , who hold the live rights to show matches stateside and have more than doubled us interest in england’s elite division in the past two years . in 2012-13 , some 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live . last season that was 32 million — or more than one in 10 people in the us . this weekend , for the first time , reflecting their boom product , nbc have transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford , connecticut , to england . nbc host rebecca lowe has helped to improve coverage of the premier league in america . star anchor lowe was at turf moor to present burnley 's premier league match against arsenal . lowe was joined by former wimbledon midfielder robbie earle and retired mls star kyle martino . lifelong crystal palace fan lowe is married to former cheltenham manager paul buckle . star anchor rebecca lowe was at turf moor for burnley against arsenal , joined by former usa midfielder kyle martino — a pin-up at la galaxy just before david beckham — and fellow pundit robbie earle , now based in los angeles . the trio , plus pitchside analysts lee dixon and robbie mustoe , will also be at the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday and at anfield for liverpool-newcastle on monday . ‘ the premier league sells itself with its drama , ’ says lowe , 34 , a former bbc and espn journalist snapped up to be the face of the pl in the usa by nbc two years ago . ‘ but you can always enhance your coverage and that’s why we’re here this weekend . ’ lowe herself is a lifelong crystal palace fan , and had one eye on their stunning 4-1 win at sunderland . as she told the la times recently , tongue in cheek , her support of palace is not a sign that she can’t recognise good football . ‘ i hope that people look at me and say she actually knows football because to be a crystal palace fan , you have to really want to be in football , ’ she said . ‘it’s not easy being a crystal palace fan . i could pick united or city or chelsea or arsenal and i probably would have had a much happier childhood . ’ lowe now finds herself helping to influence the footballing choices of young americans . ‘ when i first moved to the states two years ago i hardly saw a [ replica ] premier league shirt , ’ she says . ‘ now they’re all over the place , and not just the big teams . ’ lowe was at turf moor to see arsenal claim all three points thanks to a goal by aaron ramsey . lee dixon provided pitchside analysis for nbc as his former side defeated relegation candidates burnley . nbc transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford , connecticut , to england for this weekend 's round of matches . every match is shown live in the usa . at 7am eastern time on saturday , midday in britain , nbc’s weekend pl broadcasting opened with a long shot of turf moor set against the lancashire hills and lowe describing how football has been played at this ground since 1883 . ‘ this country is so rich in history , it’s part of the appeal , ’ says lowe , a londoner who is married to football manager paul buckle , who recently parted company with cheltenham . ‘it’s important that we do tell our audience about [ smaller clubs like ] burnley because otherwise it could all be arsenal , united , city , chelsea , liverpool , ’ lowe says . ‘we’re passionate about educating and informing our audience . ’ martino says that when nbc won the rights to show games — for the three-year period , 2013-16 , for $ 250 million ( £167m ) — some critics feared that showing every match ‘ was going to be overkill … [ but ] what we’ve found is there is a demand for that level of consumption of this product’ . the usa is the third most lucrative market now for the league in rights terms , among 84 separate overseas contracts covering 212 territories . only thailand , where broadcasters are paying $ 320m for the current three years and the middle east ( both £213m ) , offer richer pickings , so far . with the premier league having recently sealed their record £5bn domestic tv deal for 2016-19 with sky and bt , attention will now turn to all the overseas deals , to be brokered over the next year . india will be a key market , with a surging middle-class interest , while malaysia , indonesia and brazil are seen as having room for growth , among others . all the overseas rights combined fetched £2.23bn for the league for the 2013-16 period ( or £743m a year ) with increases expected . the usa is high on the list of places the league want to continue building interest , not just to earn more tv cash but to provide the clubs with potentially lucrative markets . burnley’s chief executive lee hoos , an american , told the mail on sunday on saturday that his club’s merchandise sales in the usa have jumped 212 per cent this season simply by being in the league . leaps of 150 per cent have been recorded in places as far flung as korea and mainland europe . lowe would have been delighted with crystal palace 's emphatic 4-1 league win over sunderland . burnley have benefitted from the american audience taking an interest in the premier league , says lee hoos . burnley chief hoos , pictured withsportsmail 's nick harris , insists his club 's profile is high across the globe . arsenal chief executive ivan gazidis has been impressed with nbc 's coverage of the premier league . ‘ there are still people here in the uk who will say to me , “ where exactly is burnley ? ” , ’ he says . ‘ yet our profile has never been higher internationally . ’ arsenal’s chief executive ivan gazidis , who spent 16 years in mls , said nbc’s coverage has been ‘transformative’ for the premier league . he said in the recent past football was seen as ‘niche’ and ‘nerdy’ and ‘ it was always cool to knock soccer … but when you get nbc coming into play you’re moving into the mainstream . it’s a sea change’ . three of the four most-watched premier league games ever in the usa , including the no 1 match , manchester united versus arsenal in november , have been during nbc’s current deal . the biggest audience averaged 1.41m people — and that was before breakfast in many cities . the average audience in britain for a premier league match across sky sport and bt is little more than a million ( and almost 500,000 in the us ) and the biggest ever audience on sky averaged below 3 million . united 's win over liverpool attracted 1.2 million on nbc cable and spanish partner universo combined . manchester united 's 2-1 win at the emirates stadium in november was the most-watched pl game in the us . liverpool’s defeat by manchester united last month had an average audience of 1.2 million on nbc cable and spanish partner universo combined . that made it the most-watched pl game screened before 10am in us history . the growth of the interest in america means numbers will swell there , with martino believing phenomenal increases are likely . ‘ nbc cover the olympics , the nfl , they have been covering the big event for a very long time , ’ he says . ‘it’s natural for them . it’s the same template [ being used to market the premier league ] . ‘ in the united states we talk about the nfl getting 19 million on a monday night . that’s the bar set . and it’s not hyperbole to be ambitious — that’s what’s going to happen one day with the premier league.’liverpool’s defeat by manchester united last month had an average audience of 1.2 million on nbc cable and spanish partner universo combined . that made it the most-watched pl game screened before 10am in us history . jon miller , nbc sports’ president of programming , said : ‘ the premier league has a very passionate fan base here in the us . it’s also a youthful and affluent fan base as well , relative to other sports on television . ‘ we have created a new “ day part” in weekend morning television , where fans now come to our networks beginning at 7 in the morning and stay for 5-6 hours . it’s been a terrific partnership . ‘ we believe that this is best soccer being played anywhere in the world and americans gravitate towards the best when available . ’ 