a panda in china has been nicknamed ' the enduring brother ' – for his record-breaking love-making . lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre . a video of their sexual antics means that ' stud ' lu lu is now the talk of china , says the people 's daily . scroll down for video . panda lu lu ( right ) mated with female partner zhen zhen for nearly eight minutes , setting a new centre record . lu lu has been bestowed the name ' the enduring brother ' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines . it also means the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed , with your typical new mexico man making love for just over seven minutes , according to research printed by the daily dot . the pair were pitted against another couple of pandas , yi bao and jin xin , who only managed one minute and 20 seconds of love-making . the average length of a ' romp ' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes , making lu lu 's efforts all the more impressive . breeders said they watch the creatures having sex so they can understand their mating habits , and encourage them to reproduce in the future . a breeder at the sichuan giant panda research centre watches close as lu lu and zhen zhen begin . they use poles made of bamboo to guide the pandas towards each other , when they have tracked when the pandas are in the amorous mood . the female of the species are prone to making loud and strange noises , while male pandas leave traces of their scent to attract the opposite sex . but timing is everything , because the female pandas are in heat once a year , for between two to four days . mating season for pandas usually begins in march and lasts until may , according to a report by the shanghaiist . female pandas make strange noises while they are in heat , while the males leave traces of their scent around . lu lu and zhen zhen lasted longer than yi bao and jin xin , who ' made love ' for one minutes and 20 seconds .