an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity . in the weightless environment of the space station , researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull . the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit to the moon and mars . an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity . nasa astronaut karen nyberg is pictured harvesting plants from a previous japan aerospace exploration agency ( jaxa ) investigation of thale cress during expedition 37 in 2013 . the experiment is being run by researchers at the japanese space agency ( jaxa ) . german researchers are currently testing a greenhouse system , which uses recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser . they hope to build a greenhouse in antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016 . the system is being developed at the german aerospace center in bremen , and is called eden ( evolution and design of environmentally-closed nutrition sources ) . funded by esa , the greenhouses will contain combined life-support systems which use recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser , helping to grow vegetables for a lunar and mars environment . scientists from virginia are also hoping to use meteorite soil to grow everything from asparagus to potatoes . if the study proves successful , it could help humans grow their own food in space , helping in the quest to colonise other planets . called the plant gravity sensing study , it will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the iss by a spacex dragon capsule on 13 april . the experiment will examine the cellular process of formation in thale cress , a small flowering plant related to cabbage . small dishes will hold seedlings , and astronauts on the station will watch how they are able to grow inside the japanese kibo module . scientists will be examining whether a plant’s ability to work out which way it is growing - the gravity sensor - can form in the absence of gravity . it should be noted that there is still gravity on the iss but , owing to its orbit around earth , things on the station are in a constant state of free-fall , simulating a zero-gravity environment . in the kibo module , the plants will be placed in both the micro gravity iss environment and in a small centrifuge , that can simulate earth’s gravity . results will show if the plants can sense changes in gravity , and adapt levels of calcium in their cells to compensate for it . the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit to the moon and mars ( illustration shown ) . in particular , scientists think particles in plant cells that store and process starch for energy - amyloplast - may form in the direction of gravitational pull . by increasing calcium concentrations , the amyloplast can help the plant grow in a certain direction . without gravity , though , scientists will be keen to see whether the same components can still assemble to make the plant grow in a certain direction . if the role of amyloplast is proven to be correct , it could mean that plants on earth could be modified to make them more healthy . and it could also help cultivate healthy plants for consumption on future deep space missions , or even other planets . these culture dishes hold seedlings and the growing medium for the plant gravity sensing investigation , which were used during astronaut training at the japan aerospace exploration agency’s tsukuba space center in march 2014 . the gravity sensor of the plant could be regulated to account for the different gravity on another planet - such as mars , where it is a third of earth’s . ‘ we may design plants that respond to gravity vector changes more efficiently than wild ones , ’ said dr hitoshi tatsumi from the nagoya university in japan , who is running the experiment . ‘ these plants will recover from collapse by winds or flood more rapidly than wild ones . thus , the agricultural output of the designed plants will be greatly increased , which may solve , in part , the shortage of crops in the near future . ’