hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils - with many touting its health benefits . and now its medicinal properties are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . there are a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol , or cbd , taken from hemp . compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight . stock image of a chocolate labrador is pictured . research has also suggested that cbd can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol ( cbd ) . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol ( cbd ) . marijuana plants contain high levels of thc , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . while hemp contains higher levels of legal cdb . hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , paper , and fuel . as a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the uk . hemp naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway found in mammals . nearly every tissue contains receptors which respond to the components found in cannabis . once triggered , these receptors activate a chemical reactions aimed at supporting the body 's natural stress response mechanisms . marijuana plants and leaves contain high levels of thc , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . while hemp contains higher levels of legal cdb . hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , pulp , paper , and fuel . as a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the uk . it naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway found in mammals . nearly every tissue contains receptors which respond to the components found in cannabis . once triggered , these receptors activate chemical reactions that boost the body 's natural stress response mechanisms . canna companion , based in sultan in washington , uses hemp from the cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . it is run by vets dr greg copas and dr sarah brandon . ' the phytocannabinoid and terpenoid profiles work perfectly for pets , ' explained the firm . ' due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of cbd , thc and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant . ' ' we are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound thc , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ' high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ' we are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . canna companion , based in sultan in washington , uses hemp from the cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits and ships internationally . while canna-pet sells boxes of cbd biscuits ( pictured ) for $ 16.49 ( £11.20 ) and these can be bought online in any state of the us , but not shipped internationally . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . levels and usage is shown in this chart . hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seeds , oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , paper , and fuel . as a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states . marijuana plants and leaves ( left ) contain high levels of thc , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . while hemp contains higher levels of legal cdb . biscuits , such as those sold by treat-ibles ( right ) contain less than 0.3 per cent thc meaning they can legally be sold . ' rather , we are advocating the administration and continued research into the non-psychotropic compounds for the purposes of therapy in animals . ' each of its capsules contain a combination of compounds found in hemp as well as so-called flavonoids , which are already found in cat and dog foods . hemp additionally contains omega 3 and 6 fatty acids and vitamin b6 . and because canna companion contains less than 0.3 per cent thc and is not intended for human consumption , it meets the current definition of hemp supplements under us federal law . canna companion asks for a pet 's information and a referring veterinarian when orders are placed , and will make recommendations on sizing and frequency of administration . capsules start at $ 1 each . it ships to all regions other than australia , where a licence is required to import hemp products into the country . another firm called auntie dolores , which already specialises in the sale of medical marijuana in food products for humans , recently launched its treat-ibles range . hemp contains compounds that affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway in mammals . nearly every tissue contains receptors and once triggered , these receptors activate reactions that boost the body 's natural stress response . cbd is not psychoactive , and has actually been found to reduce the effects of thc . a box of treat-ibles biscuits costs $ 22 ( £15 ) but can only be bought online by people in california . a third firm is canna-pet . it sells boxes of cbd biscuits for $ 16.49 ( £11.20 ) and these can be bought online in any state of the us , but not shipped internationally . canna-pet describes itself as ' one of the first companies to discover that some animals thrive on hemp-based supplements containing non-psychoactive , hemp-based cannabinoids ' . the us government defines hemp as cannabis that measures less than 0.3 per cent in thc , which means treat-ibles and canna-pet can be sold legally , and why the latter can be sold across state lines . each site explains how much cdb is advised for dogs and cats of varying sizes and gives advice on frequency . however , as canna companion added : ' while canna companion will likely benefit your pet , it is not designed to be a magic bullet , but rather should be part of a comprehensive care program . ' it works best when admininstered under the direction of a veterinarian as part of a total health care regimen . ' it advises pet owners never change prescribed medication doses or frequency of administration without advice from a vet .