a youngster has emulated barcelona star martin montoya and scored an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop - twice . schoolboy frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona’s ciutat esportiva training ground earlier in the month . the viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the catalonia club . joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother , nine-year-old frankie , who is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club , took to the garden to have a go . he moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time . in the video he can be seen turning to face the camera looking absolutely gob-smacked as he places his hands behind his head . a slow motion look at the clip captures the trajectory of the ball , which bounces off the backboard and goes through the hoop below . his mother lucy , 32 , of upminster , east london , said : ‘ he loves football and after he saw the barcelona player do the show he said ‘i’ll be able to do that’ . frankie decided to have a go at the trick shot after watching barcelona star martin montoya pull it off in a video recorded at the club’s ciutat esportiva training ground . the nine-year-old kicks the ball and sends it straight through the net on the first time of trying just like spanish right-back montoya . the gob-smacked youngsters places his hands behind his head after scoring while montoya ( right ) wheels away in celebration . ‘ me and my mum just said ‘ really ? ’ and he went to get the net , pulled it over and bang - it went in first time . ‘ me and mum were like ‘ oh my god’ we couldn’t believe it . ‘ he is very good at football , but that was just amazing . it was very special . ’ according to lucy , although not captured on camera , the youngster had another go immediately after and netted again . `` i think he 's got it down now , '' said lucy , who helps run a building firm with husband matt , 34 . `` he is very confident but you can tell by the look on his face i think he was surprised too . '' the talented young centre midfielder has played football since he could walk and dreams of one day turning out for real madrid or barcelona . the young centre midfielder is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club and dreams of one day turning out for real madrid or barcelona .