the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london . the side , which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england’s top flight , featured six chelsea players , with eden hazard , winner of the individual prize , making the side for the third straight season . but did the professionals get it right ? not according to the ea sports’ performance index anyway . sergio aguero nets his 21st strike of the season against aston villa . he has scored one more than harry kane . cesc fabregas , in action against his former club arsenal on sunday , and aguero are in the ea sports team . eden hazard poses with his individual gong at sunday 's night 's pfa player of the year awards in london . the system , which measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team , sees manchester city’s sergio aguero , scorer of 21 goals this term , replace diego costa up front . aguero is one of five changes from the pfa team of the year . the ea sports’ side sees two fewer chelsea players in the line-up with gary cahill and nemanja matic failing to make the team . instead everton defender phil jagielka , who has missed just one premier league game , and santi cazorla , one of arsenal 's standout players , are given the nod . the ea sports team of the year ( left ) and the pfa team of the year award , which was announced on sunday . cesc fabregas , a surprise omission from the pfa player of the team is included in the ea sports xi . the spaniard , who returned to arsenal for the first time since leaving the emirates stadium to join barcelona in the summer of 2011 , has provided assists for 17 goals for chelsea following his £30million arrival from the nou camp - the most of any player in the division . aaron cresswell beats ryan bertrand to fill the left-back slot after impressing for west ham . along with david de gea , the 25-year-old hammers defender is the only man to have played every minute of the campaign . john terry , named in both line-ups , has started each of chelsea’s 33 matches , but hasn’t completed every one . the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league . it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . the intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . so , what are the six indices ? 1 . winning performance . 2 . player 's performance per match . 3 . appearances . 4 . goals scored . 5 . assists . 6 . clean sheet . 