baseball may not have a reputation for being a violent as some of america 's other sports , but the mlb witnessed scenes more suited to the ice-hockey rink or grid-iron field on thursday night . in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago 's us cellular field in illinois . scroll down for video . chicago white sox 's jeff samardzija , center , in the brawl with royals players during thursday 's game . a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field , reported new york daily news . several punches were thrown and ventura , along with fellow teammates lorenzo cain and edinson volquez , was sent off along with chicago 's chris sale and jeff samardzija . thursday 's match began to get scrappy after the white sox 's jose abreu was hit in the arm by ventura 's pitch in the fourth innings . the very next innings , royals ' mike moustakas was also hit in the arm , this time by a pitch from chris sale , leading to a warning for both teams . but things continued to escalate until eaton hit a comebacker ( a ball batted directly back to the pitcher ) at ventura in the seventh innings . the royals starter picked up a ground ball but instead of throwing it to first for the out , he appeared to stop for a moment and stare at the pitcher . mlb.com . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago 's u.s. cellular field , illinois . the pair exchanged words , and eaton is alleged to have shouted an expletive at ventura , who was said to have shouted one back before he threw to first base to end the inning . things quickly turned ugly and both players had to be kept apart by teammates and umpires . but the whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and even a few punches . the fight was beginning to calm down and moustakas was escorting ventura back to the dugout when samardzija charged at cain . however , he missed knocked over coach mike jirschele instead . ventura told espn chicago he regretted the way he 'd handled himself . ' it was a messy situation , i got the ground ball and was unable to control my emotions in that play , and it turned out ugly , ' ventura said . several punches were thrown and kansas city 's ventura , lorenzo cain and edinson volquez were ejected . both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing , shoving and even a few punches . ' ( eaton ) said something to me . i responded back to him , ' he said . ' it was n't my intention , but maybe he interpreted it from the way i fielded the ball , but it was a hard comebacker , kind of put me off-balance , at which point i took those steps that incited him and he responded back , clearly emotional . ' royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings , which is the first of a four-game series . this is not the first time the royals have had tensions with other teams . last weekend , their clash with oakland athletics landed scrappy ventura with a fine for his actions . he was also involved in the team 's disagreements with the los angeles angels . in the three-game series against the athletics , the teams clashed almost every match until five players and coaches were thrown out of the finale . they included royals reliever kelvin herrera , who threw that fastball behind the head of brett lawrie and pointed to his own head in a threatening manner . he received a five-game suspension .