england wing christian wade has been slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode after he failed to show up to a charity function on tuesday night . goode accused the 23-year-old of having ‘ bad values’ for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation — set up by and named after the paralysed former leicester tigers prop — because he was ‘ too tired’ . danny cipriani , shaun edwards and mark cueto were among the stars at the ‘ beers with the boys’ night in birmingham , where guests were also treated to a haka performance by leicester team-mates manu tuilagi and logovi’i mulipola . the matt hampson foundation 's event was on wednesday , named after the former england u21 prop ( left ) . andy goode tweeted : ' bad values from @ christianwade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @ hambofoundation then saying he 's too tired , poor culture & no trust ' . a host of rugby stars attended the event for former england u21 prop hampson but christian wade did not . wade , 23 , did not attend and clearly infuriated veteran goode , who will join london irish in the summer . sportsmail understands that wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning but , despite the event’s success , goode did not hold back with his public criticism . the 35-year-old no 10 , capped 17 times by england , tweeted : ‘ bad values from @ christianwade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @ hambofoundation then saying he’s too tired , poor culture & no trust . ’ wade did not reply to the message that split opinion among supporters and wasps refused to comment . wade , who missed out on the rbs 6 nations , is recovering from a hamstring injury and was sidelined for the recent champions cup quarter-final defeat by toulon . wasps’ european exit highlighted the financial gulf between english and french clubs , with ireland legend brian o’driscoll claiming that roman abramovich-style investment is needed to boost domestic sides . with french outfits such as toulon becoming a honeypot for billionaire financiers , the gulf is bigger than ever . hampson tweeted as his charity aims to inspire and support young people seriously injured through sport . former england fly half goode slammed his wasps team-mate wade ( pictured ) on twitter afterwards . however , with saracens taking on clermont auvergne in saint-etienne tomorrow , the bt sport pundit stressed the importance of the salary cap for smaller clubs . ‘ when you talk about french dominance , the teams are coming from france but the players aren’t , ’ said o’driscoll . ‘it’s a money issue — players are not just moving to france for a tan . the english utopia is that each club gets a roman abramovich , who makes it their little pet . ‘ but certain english clubs are being squeezed and the cap is there to save them . ’ watch clermont auvergne v saracens live on bt sport 1 tomorrow from 2.30pm .