between getting children dresses , breakfast on the table , lunches packed and the school run , mornings can be one of the least relaxing times of day . and more specifically , a study of 2.3 million has revealed that 7.35am is the most hectic , frenzied time of the morning routine for australian families . sophie falkiner , australian tv presenter , model and mother of two , can testify to that . 'it’s crazy , in the mornings there is a million and one things to do - uniforms to be found , spelling tests to get done , ' she told daily mail australia . crazy o'clock : a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in australian households . out the door : getting breakfast , kids dressed and the school run is the cause of much mayhem . mum of two : sophie falkiner has told daily mail australia that she has a ' million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door . ' the kids get up at 7am so i have to get up at 6.30 to give myself time to have a coffee and get exercise in before starting the day , ' the 41-year-old former great outdoors and wheel of fortune presenter added . according to the study , conducted by kraft , breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year ( equivalent to 25 minutes a day ) . ' we 're out the door by 8am , so when we all have time to sit together and have breakfast it 's the only zen time we have , ' said falkiner . time it : australian parents spend an average 140 hours per year getting children breakfast . ' it will only be 15-20 minutes together ( and i wish it could be longer ! ) but these days people are time poor and its hard to get everything done and be nutritious , ' she said . ' my daughter’s not a breakfast person , so getting a quick nut spread and toast in is quick and easy before we head out the door . ' the study also found that nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids , with aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week . mum knows best : sophie falkner , mum of two , believes nuts are high in protein and good for fussy eaters . falkiner , who also has a certificate in nutrition says that nuts are a big part of her children 's diet and are packed full of nutritional benefits . ' nuts are packed with good protein . so the spreads are good for fussy eaters , they give your kids important brain food and energy , protein and it helps keep them full until lunch time . ' falkiner 's tip is to mix up how you serve nut spreads to make it both fun and varied for kids . ' i will do peanut butter in celery sticks for the kids then on weekend as a treat they will get pancakes and hazelnut spread , ' she said . spread it around : falkiner says mix up nut spreads during the week adding to celery sticks or pancakes . ' they 'd eat the whole container in one go if they could , they ask all weekend and will look forward to having pancakes as special treat . ' as for juggling a balance of work , life and kids , falkiner says the being organised is key . ' i am one of those nerdy list makers and schedulers who uses a list on the fridge to know where the whole family is each week , ' she said . ' we have so much on our plates , being a mum , taxi , organising play dates , after school parties , groceries , it 's tough getting it all done , so being organised is the only way to it . '