just ten games . that is all tim sherwood has needed to bring aston villa out from the morgue and into life . rigor mortis was setting in when he took over the club , but now the muscles are being flexed . an fa cup final awaits . there have been mistakes , notably in defeats to stoke city and swansea , but five glorious wins and a brand of football to excite and embolden far outweighs them . having been appointed on valentine’s day , villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks . here , sportsmail looks at five reasons for sherwood’s success . tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa as they reached the fa cup final . benteke 's back . upon arrival , sherwood recognised the area he needed to target instantly : goals . hardly rocket science but launching villa’s scoring figures skywards was easier said than done . straightaway as manager he had a sit down in his office with christian benteke where he told the belgian striker : ‘ two years ago , every club in europe wanted you . ’ the point being to re-inject confidence in this quiet character . benteke is determined but responds well to arm-round-shoulder words . at the end of his reign , paul lambert tried stick to inspire benteke’s best , dropping him for the visit of chelsea . benteke understood , but was nevertheless frustrated . he felt starved of service in lambert’s safety-first style . christian benteke has flourished under sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven for villa . sherwood addressed this immediately . during half-time in the fa cup match against leicester – the day before his unveiling – he entered the dressing room and told his players to get the ball to benteke more often , and quicker . villa scored two second half goals to progress . benteke has now got nine in his last seven for villa , having scored three in 18 under lambert this season . there is variety , pace , and creativity in the final third and villa have already surpassed under sherwood the total goals managed with lambert at the helm this season : 16 goals in 10 games , compared to 15 in 28 . the belgian international fires home the equaliser at wembley as he helped villa conquer liverpool . trust in youth . for around an hour after carrying out media duties on friday , sherwood stood to watch villa’s under-11s squad as they trained at bodymoor heath . the man for whom youth development is so important was able to find time on the eve of his biggest managerial test to observe a crop of potential talents who will only be senior players many years down the line . that kind of commitment breeds belief across the training pitches . his faith in jack grealish is the biggest illustration of his philosophy , but he also handed rushian hepburn-murphy his debut as a substitute at aston villa aged 16 . since sherwood’s arrival , the under-21s have been moved to train on pitches adjacent to the first-team and a number regularly join in with sessions when 11 v 11 , kevin toner and lewis kinsella among them . jack grealish was the star man against brendan rodgers ' side and has earned rave reviews under sherwood . sherwood attended the city ground last wednesday to witness 22-year-old gary gardner , on loan at nottingham forest from villa , score a brilliant free-kick . the night previous he was at rochdale v swindon to possibly run the rule over massimo luongo , also 22 , his under-21 captain when at tottenham . such an approach is with eyes on building the club over the coming months and years but short-term it has served to bring renewed energy . the former tottenham boss is keen on youth development and watched on-loan gary gardner score . delph delivering . fabian delph signed his new contract at villa before sherwood arrived – it was actually announced on the big screens at villa park ahead of the fa cup clash with bournemouth – but the 25-year-old has since been handed key responsibilities . the england midfielder , described as villa’s hoover by sherwood , was given the captain’s armband permanently , taking over from ron vlaar and leapfrogging deputy gabby agbonlahor , based on his mentality and exuberant grit in midfield . he has led by example , turning in performances that make him a certainty for roy hodgson . fabian delph is arguably villa 's most important player and he 's become a real leader under new management . sherwood has asked for more forward movement too , and offensive involvement . delph’s ability to drive past players – exhibited for both goals at wembley – was compared to paul gascoigne by sherwood and the bradford-born player has responded to that acclaim . he has two goals under sherwood after not finding the net once this season for lambert . ‘ when i came to the club fabian delph had just signed a new contract , he had an opportunity to go to some of the teams in the top four . he showed a lot of loyalty , ’ says sherwood . ‘ i need characters like that , put themselves on the line . he can add goals to his game , he has so much energy he can get into the final third and score . he’s nicked a couple for me already . i just want to encourage him to do that and then he’ll be too expensive for anyone to buy . ’ the england international scored the winner at wembley to send his side into the fa cup final in may . sound staff moves . sherwood acted swiftly in the backroom department too , bringing in mark robson as first-team coach , and seamus brady as performance analyst before his first official game in charge . he knows these guys from working at tottenham and values their input . tony parks , former goalkeeping coach at spurs , arrived in the days after the loss to stoke , curtailing a move to norwich to join up with a manager he respects greatly . parks is a trusted friend and vocal presence on the touchline , the one who bear-hugged sherwood from behind , lifting him off his feet , when benteke rolled in the stoppage time penalty to beat west bromwich albion in the premier league . as assistant sherwood made a smart move , offering kevin mcdonald the chance to renew his villa relationship . the 54-year-old was the club’s hugely successful reserve team boss and has developed younger players during a 17-year association that ended during the early days of lambert 's reign in june 2012 . he was also caretaker manager after martin o’neill left and nearly got the job permanently . ‘ i wanted someone who knew the fabric of the club , ’ says sherwood . tony parks ( left centre ) was one of many new staff members brought in to help save villa from relegation . stiliyan petrov has also been into the dressing room to offer words of advice , although he is yet to formalise any coaching arrangement . training is sharp and intense , largely tailored to replicate matchdays and goal-scoring situations . inspiring confidence . sherwood said after the victory over liverpool that the players believed they would win and the fans did too , suggesting many had already booked their hotels for the final on may 30 . it is clear confidence is coursing through this villa team now , the shackles not being so much thrown off as plunged to the bottom of the ocean to collect rust . the 46-year-old has added a new found confidence to his sides game and is reaping the benefits . sherwood divides opinion with his outspoken comments but from within the club such positivity has spread to form a confident collective unit . ' he sits and he chats to people . he treats people like men , ’ says parks . ‘ the guys have responded to that – sitting them down , treating them with respect , letting them know when they’re playing well , letting them know when they’re not playing so well . ‘ i look around , he’s the manager and i believe what he tells me . i think the players believe what he tells them as well . he’s a good leader . '