from a man obsessed with looking like kim kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face , reality tv’s favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world’s most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong . dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , the resident experts on the popular e ! series botched , which is due to begin its second season tonight , spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show , explaining that many of the various cosmetic blunders featured go beyond anything either of them had ever been faced with before . ' these cases are not found in any textbook , ' dr dubrow said . ' you ca n't call any surgeon and say , `` have you ever seen this ? '' because no one has ever seen this . ' scroll down for video . dynamic duo : dr paul nassif ( l ) and dr terry dubrow ( r ) are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong on the second season of the e ! reality show botched , which premieres tonight . regrettable decision : one of their clients this season , rajee rajindra narinesingh ( pictured ) , had her face injected with ' cement ' at an underground cosmetic filler party . he added that , not only are these seemingly unrepairable surgeries shocking , but they are made even more astonishing by the fact that he and dr nassif ' have to do something ' to help these patients – even it seems at times as though nothing can help to repair the damage that has been done . during the interview , the duo , who have seen their fair share of cosmetic disasters , also stressed that cosmetic procedures are ' as serious as brain surgery ' - which is one of the reasons why there are so many terrible outcomes . dr dubrow , who said that he and dr nassif were ' floored ' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season , noted that the show 's producers had to give them time to figure out what they were going to do before they proceeded with a client 's surgery so that they could come up with an effective means of fixing the often horrifying mistakes made by other plastic surgeons . he explained that he started this season by putting the cases in the photo section of his cell phone and every morning he would wake up , look at them and ask himself : ' how can i make this possible ? ' he referred to this season as a ' david and goliath ' story because the problems they came across were so impossible to face . barbie world : justin jedlica , who is known as human ken , stops by the office to meet with dr dubrow . one of their patients this season , rajee rajindra narinesingh , received black market injections from a self-proclaimed ‘physician’ who had her face filled with cement at a ' pumping party ' . dr nassif said that rajee , who is transgender , underwent the controversial – and incredibly dangerous – procedure ' an underground party where people get injections of black market product ' . the unknown ' fillers ' can be anything from non-medical grade silicone to food products to even caulking used for the bathtub , and dr nassif noted that people performing these risky procedures are not professionals - they are rarely even physicians . and the results are often disastrous . ' once you have something put in your body , you 're screwed , ' she said . ' i obviously do n't want to use that word , `` you 're screwed , '' but you 're permanently ruined . ' reality star : jordan james parke ( pictured ) has spent more than $ 100,000 on plastic surgery to make him look more like his idol kim kardashian . dr nassif added : ' you ca n't reverse it most of the time . people say , `` oh , it 's no big deal , go get some fillers ! '' wrong . incorrect . be careful . ' other times the outcomes can even be deadly . ' the chances that it could go south , that you could have a complication is real and it 's more than one per cent , ' he said . the doctors also acknowledged that there is a ' circus act component ' to the show , particularly when they are dealing with patients who are obsessed with looking like human dolls or their favorite celebrities , including jordan james parke , who has spent thousands to look like kim kardashian . while they do n't want to help people become ' famous internet freaks ' , dr dubrow explained that it is important for them to fix the patient 's surgical problem because ' they still deserve the right to be back in society normally ' . costly obsession : this woman says she has had 300 cosmetic procedures . seeking perfection : this man said his nose has been ' chopped up more than ahi tuna ' before he visited the show 's doctors . and giving people that opportunity is a part of what makes the show so rewarding . according to dr dubrow , the patients featured on the series have often been ' turned down by every good plastic surgeon in the nation ' , so he and dr nassif are often their ' last hope ' . they even had patient this season who went homeless because of trying to correct a botched surgery . ' if we do n't use our experience , our education , our training on them , some numbskull with no experience and no education or training is going to try and it 's going to get worse , ' he said . on tonight 's premiere of the show , the doctors are trying to help former reality star tiffany ' new york ' pollard from vh1 series i love new york fix her sagging breasts . the doctors will also treat former baywatch star nicole eggert and musician guillermo eiland from bone thugs-n-harmony , among others , this season . make it happen : dr dubrow shows a patient the leaches he has brought into while trying to fix a botched surgery . skilled hands : dr dubrow can be seen performing surgery on the show .