craig gardner hailed a ' massive ' win for west brom at crystal palace on saturday as the baggies eased their relegation fears . the midfielder scored a spectacular strike as former palace boss tony pulis enjoyed a 2-0 win on his first return to selhurst park . the welshman left palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over at the hawthorns - with three points in south london crucial having seen his side lose their last three in the premier league . west brom midfielder craig gardner celebrates having scored the second for tony pulis ' side . but gardner , whose trademark second-half goal added to james morrison 's early header , knows the job is still not yet complete even if west brom now sit eight points clear of the bottom three . ' yes , it 's massive , ' he said when asked about the importance of the victory . ' the gaffer has given us the target of 40 points and we will be disappointed if we do n't hit that . ' we had two or three bad results on the spin and it 's nice to get a win over the line after those . we were expecting what they brought with us and we dealt really well with it . ' gardner revealed the set-piece which led to morrison heading home in the second minute came straight from the training ground as he now looks to add to his own tally for the season . ' it was a start that we worked on all week in training and it has worked perfectly , ' he added . gardner lets fly with this long range strike , which ended up doubling west brom 's lead at the selhurst park . before two minutes on the clock , james morrison ( right ) headed west brom ahead following a corner . on the goal he scored , gardner added : ' it was nice to catch one like that , over the years i 've caught a couple of sweet ones and i usually get a couple in a season so i 'm waiting for another one now . ' for palace , their fine run of form may have come to an abrupt end but scott dann , who was signed by pulis in january 2014 , insists the squad will dust themselves down and look to go again at home to relegation-threatened hull next weekend . ' we 've been on a great run , ' he told palace 's official website . west brom captain darren fletcher ( right ) celebrates with goalscorer james morrison at crystal palace . ' we 've come into the game high on confidence and we felt we were going to get the three points today . ' we conceded the early goal which was a big setback for us and we could n't get back into the game but these things happen in the premier league . ' we 've got to pick ourselves up and move onto the next one , and take the confidence we gained from the last four wins into the last five games . ' west brom players race to congratulate morrison ( top left ) , who headed the away side in front on saturday .