an australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in syria . the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter , known as ahmed shaheed . the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed 's pet . the 28-year-old fighter from sydney , showed off his new furry investment , posting a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account . his extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters , abou shaheed al-muhajir . unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment , the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo , where he has recently been based . the news comes just a month after the 28-year-old revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company . photos of three potential pets were tweeted by ahmed shaheed , starting with a sad leopard sitting in a dirty cage . he commented : ' i just made the zoo keeper an offer for this , he said no to start off but the dollar goes a long way . ' the wealthy gunslinger also tweeted a picture of a little owl . possibly due to its three year life expectancy , the grumpy looking owl did n't seem to particularly interest the rebel . the surprising news comes just a month after the 28-year-old revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company . a sad leopard sitting in a dirty cage , was the first possible animal that took the fighter 's interest . shaheed preferred the tiger despite it costing more money . possibly due to its short life expectancy , the grumpy looking owl did n't seem to particularly interest the rebel . unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment , the fighter only confirmed that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo . keen to get opinions on the owl , shaheed wrote : ' or should i buy this one and teach it to send messages . ' however it was the tiger that really appeared to attract the aussie fighter 's attention . sitting alone in his den , the beautiful large tiger is pictured sitting proudly in the shade . unusually it was n't just the tiger cub that seemed to be the big talking point from new photo . a few social media users appear to be more concerned by the fighter 's apparent lack of facial hair in the photo . despite claiming to have been fighting in syria for well over a year , the aussie fighter 's neck and chin area appear to be cleanly shaved . keen to hide his identity , the former bond university student posted an obscured photo of himself stroking a four month old lion . the fighter recently showed off his war booty of $ 525 and a kalashnikov rifle , possibly explaining how he managed to pay for the tiger cub . one user cheekily wrote on shaheed 's ask.fm page : ' is that u holding the tiger ? cause the beard should be longer to appear for someone who been there more than year and a half lol ' . with his ego bruised , the 28-year-old militant swiftly replied back , insisting he was looking up at the sky for any potential incoming fire from jets . ' i 'm looking up at the sky in that pic thought i heard a jet . is this advice on my beard coming from someone still chilling in darul kufr ( land of the disbelievers ) while jihad is fard ayn ( obligatory ) ? ' shaheed is not the first fighter to purchase a pet tiger . deputy commander of rebel group jaish al-mujahideen wal-ansar , abdul karim krymsky , was pictured holding a young tiger last month . shaheed is not the first fighter to show off a pet tiger , colossal chechen fighter abdul karim krymsky posed with another tiger . ahmed shaheed is believed to be a former bond university student , who reportedly left his home in sydney and traveled to syria to join the al qaeda affiliated group jabhat al-nusra . according to his ask.fm page , ahmed became disillusioned with jabhat al-nusra and left the group . when asked who he is fighting for now , he wrote he was ' doing my own thing . ' it is possible that ahmed shaheed has joined another rebel group in the aleppo liberation , based around the broken city of aleppo . asked why he chose not to join isis , shaheed was clear : ' dawla ( isis ) seems to be only involved in the infighting in sham ( syria ) and restricted to a few cities in sham . i want to travel the whole of syria fighting bashar ( al-assad ) and his allies , staying away from any group involved in infighting . ' shaheed posted a picture of his fellow fighter , abu baraa , in doureen , near the alawite dominated port city of latakia . keen to document his travels whilst fighting around syria , ahmed posted a picture of a well preserved roman ruins in hama province .