as the weather gets warmer many of us will dust off our large and cumbersome bladed fans . but panasonic has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in . the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch ( 25cm ) device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan . panasonic japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a 'high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . alternatively , the q has a '1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , and sends ' natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze . these channels have been designed to reduce how much drag the air flow is subjected to as it moves through the ' ball ' . and the holes have been designed in such a way so that the flow collects additional air at is leaves the device to boost its trajectory and output . in particular , there is a central outlet . air is drawn into the ' q ' using small inlets on the rear and are driven by the so-called impellers , or bladed fins . this airflow pulls in additional air using the large round air inlets plotted around the q , and all of this is released through the main outlet . the sokaze-ki q ( pictured ) uses fluid dynamics to take air in small inlets on the rear before it is moved using so-called impellers through specially designed channels . this airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the q , and all of this is released through the main outlet . the fan is on sale in japan for ¥39,350 ( £220 ) and is available in crystal red , champagne gold ( pictured ) and pearl white . it is powered by a dc motor and comes with an off timer for between one and three hours . panasonic japan , which designed the device , said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a 'high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . alternatively , the q has a '1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air flow , instead sending ' natural , fluctuating wind ' that mimics the outside breeze . ' everything is up to you , ' as the firm explained . ' it can be used as circulator . or as a fan . we will deliver the combined wind in your life . ' the q fan has a diameter of 10 inches ( 25cm ) , is 11 inches tall ( 27cm ) and weighs 4.6lbs ( 2.1kg ) the q fan is on sale in japan for ¥39,350 ( £220 ) and is available in crystal red , champagne gold and pearl white . mailonline has contacted panasonic to see if the device will be available in other regions . it is powered by a dc motor plugged into the mains and comes with an off timer for between one and three hours . it has a diameter of 10 inches ( 25cm ) , is 11 inches tall ( 27cm ) and weighs 4.6lbs ( 2.1kg ) .