police in california have released surveillance images of a man who robbed a bank dressed in women 's clothing - leading investigators to compare his outfit with mrs doubtfire . the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in which robin williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend more time with his children . cross-dresser : the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . santa cruz police department released the surveillance images yesterday as they stepped up their efforts to find the cross-dressing bankrobber . the 25 to 35-year-old man made off with an unknown sum of money after the u.s. bank employee responded to his demand without raising the alarm . no weapon was used or mentioned during the robber and nobody was injured , according to the san jose mercury . authorities searched the area around the bank shortly afterwards , but he was not found . lieutenant bernie escalante said a man wearing exactly the same outfit had been seen ' acting suspiciously ' outside a nearby rabobank roughly an hour before the u.s. bank robbery . rabobank staff went out to speak to the man and he left the area without incident , escalante said . uncanny : the bankrobber 's blonde wig , female clothing and spectacles prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name starring the late robin williams . santa cruz police said the man appeared to be aged between 25 and 35 , was about five foot five inches tall and weighed 160-170 pounds . he was described as having dark skin and wore prescription glasses and a wavy blonde wig . his outfit was listed as navy blue hospital scrubs with a light-purple long-sleeved shirt underneath . ' we believe these are great photos of the suspect , and somebody in the community has to recognize this person , ' lt escalante said as he urged anyone with information to contact his officers . mrs doubtfire was released in 1993 to mixed reviews from critics but was a massive box office hit - only falling behind jurassic park as the highest-grossing film of the year . work on a sequel began in 2001 but was scrapped five years later after williams declared the script ' useless ' . production resumed in april 2014 , but all plans for the sequel were scrapped once and for all with williams ' suicide four months later .