an investigation has concluded freddie gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving , it was reported today . medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told abc news gray 's ' catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ' in the back door of the van ' . they claimed there was ' no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on april 12 . according to abc 's sources , gray was standing in the van , bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards the back door . it is believed he fell into the door , breaking his neck . scroll down for video . a report claims freddie gray broke his neck when he fell head-first into the back of the van as it was moving . similar van : freddie gray was stood , bent over , with his head facing the back door of a van like this . timeline ? it is believed gray fell head-first into the back of the van , breaking his neck , during the journey . inside : the above diagram shows the inside the police van . pictured : the second stop which police failed to report in their paperwork after the van journey , during which freddie gray sustained a ' catastrophic ' head injury . it was picked up by a privately-owned security camera . according to the latest police press conference , these are the stops the van made transporting freddie gray . the news comes hours after baltimore police admitted the van transporting gray made a previously unreported stop . the mysterious detail was picked up by a privately-owned security camera , and will be integral to the police investigation into gray 's death , which was completed and handed to the state prosecutor on thursday morning . it is not known why the van stopped at the corner of north fremont ave and mosher street before it made another two stops then finally transported gray to the hospital . and police have yet to clarify why gray would have been standing without a seat belt on . just nine days before his arrest , the baltimore police department issued a new policy , making it obligatory to belt all inmates placed in the back of a transport van . revelation : police commissioner anthony batts revealed a private security camera captured the van making an unknown stop . he refused to elaborate on the details of the new information . police commissioner anthony batts refused to elaborate on the new information . he said the contents of the report , which was completed and handed to the state attorney at 8.50am thursday , will remain confidential as they continue to investigate . six officers have been suspended with pay over the incident , and the department has admitted gray - who was asthmatic - should have been given the medical help he requested . the report that gray fell inside the van corroborates claims he was given a ' rough ride ' by the van driver , who is the only officer yet to deliver a statement to the investigators , according to abc . the van in which gray was injured is a chevrolet express - the same model of vehicle which has been modified into the ' scooby ' van driven by hillary clinton . as the police department , mayor 's office , and state prosecutors refuse to address the development , it has done nothing but fuel anger and speculation surrounding the circumstances of gray 's arrest more than two weeks ago . a relative of one of the suspended police officers told cnn she believes gray was injured during his arrest outside the van . her family member , she said , was based inside the van , and she fears he will be made a scapegoat for something he ' did n't do ' . however , this theory is at odds with the medical examiner 's report which allegedly found gray sustained injuries by falling over inside the van , where he had been placed without a seat belt . the woman , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told cnn her family member was in the van with gray as he screamed and cried for medical help . but she believes the spinal injury which led to gray 's death was inflicted earlier , during his arrest on april 12 . in an appeal that echoes gray 's family , she is calling for the police department to conduct a thorough investigation that will determine which of the six suspended police officers dealt the fatal blow . ' six officers did not injure this man , ' she told don lemon . secret stop : this is the corner where the police van was spotted making a previously unreported stop . these are the security cameras outside a grocery which picked up the secret stop . jung hwang 's convenience store 's camera footage revealed a new stop the police van made while transporting freddie gray . ' six officers did n't put him in the hospital . ' i 'm worried that instead of them figuring out who did , that six officers are going to be punished behind something that maybe one or two or even three officers may have done to freddie gray . ' her words came after a police document was leaked to the washington post , in which the other prisoner in the transport van with gray said he could hear the 25-year-old slamming himself against the wall . the prisoner speculated that gray was trying to hurt himself . in the documents , the unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after gray on april 12 , and apparently told investigators that he heard gray ' banging against the walls ' and ' intentionally trying to injure himself ' . however , he admits he could not see what gray was doing , since they were separated by a metal partition . the statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer 's clothing for possible traces of gray 's dna . the van in which gray was injured is a chevrolet express - the same model of vehicle which has been modified into the ' scooby ' van driven by hillary clinton . the assertion that gray may have caused his own death in the back of the police van was quickly rejected by an attorney hired by his family . ' we disagree with any implication that freddie gray severed his own spinal cord , ' attorney jason downs told the post . ' we question the accuracy of the police reports we 've seen thus far , including the police report that says mr gray was arrested without force or incident . ' outrage over the unexplained death of a black man in baltimore , maryland prompted nationwide protests against police brutality on wednesday from houston to boston . baltimore has been the scene of near-nightly protests ever since the april 19 death of 25-year-old freddie gray , who is believed to have been fatally injured while in police custody . state attorney marilyn mosby urged the public to be patient as she reviews the information . ' while we have and will continue to leverage the information received by the department , we are not relying solely on their findings but rather the facts that we have gathered and verified , ' mosby said on thursday . ' we ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful and to trust the process of the justice system . ' freddie gray : the 25-year-old was poisoned by lead paint as a child growing up in baltimore . freddie gray was a 25-year-old african-american who grew up in baltimore 's impoverished west side . nicknamed ' pepper ' , he was described by an ex-girlfriend as happy-go-lucky with an infectious sense of humor . the baltimore police knew him , however , as a 5ft-8ins felon who had notched up at least 18 arrests and a handful of convictions - mainly for class a drugs but also burglary , assault and illegal gambling . he was said to have set off running at the sight of police patrolling a well known open-air drug market . he was taken into custody for possession of a switchblade and during transport to the station he experienced what officers described as ' a medical emergency ' . gray , who had asthma , requested an inhaler and had trouble breathing in the van , but police did n't provide his inhaler . according to gray 's family his spine was severed 80 per cent at his neck , three vertebrae were fractured and his larynx was injured . court papers describe gray 's childhood as problematic . he lived with his heroin-addicted disabled mother in a home in sandtown-winchester that contained enough poisonous lead in the peeling painted walls and windowsills for a court settlement to conclude that he and his two sisters were incapable of leading normal functioning lives . lab tests conducted in the 1990s showed that they had levels of lead in their blood nearly double what the state of maryland defines as the minimum for lead poisoning . in baltimore , more than 2,600 children have been found to have high levels of lead in their blood , according an annual report released by the maryland department of the environment in 2014 . ' this is the toxic legacy of lead-based paint , ” ruth ann norton , head of the green & healthy homes initiative and a founding member of the maryland lead poisoning prevention commission , told the baltimore sun . ' our kids are ill equipped to stay in the classroom , finish school . they’re very unlikely to go on to higher education . they’re less likely to be able to hold a job ' , she said . 'they’re less equipped to be able to overcome the poverty and other circumstances that pull them down . children with lead poisoning will have defects , regardless of whether their parents are ‘nice’ or not . ' gray lived off the resulting ' lead check ' settlement although it is unclear exactly how much he received . whatever money he did have he was said to spend buying designer accessories . the sandtown neighborhood is a 72-block neighborhood made up of almost entirely of african americans . more than one-third of residents live below the poverty line , and nearly a quarter are unemployed . the majority of maryland 's state prison population are said to said to hail from sandtown , according to the justice policy institute . 