house leaders have reached a bipartisan compromise on a bill that would end the national security agency 's controversial collection of american phone records , but the measure faces an uncertain future in the senate . the house judiciary committee on thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 . the measure seeks to codify president barack obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records . it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations . the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it . the house bill would do that , with changes . scroll down for video . unholy triumvirate ? cia director john brennan ( center ) , national security agency director mike rogers ( right ) and director of national intelligence james clapper ( left ) will soon be handed new rules of the road for mass-surveillance efforts . remember me ? nsa leaker edward snowden is still taking refuge outside the us , nearly two years after exposing the depth of the agency 's eavesdropping program . republican representatives bob goodlatte and jim sensenbrenner , and democrats john conyers and jerry nadler introduced the ' usa freedom act . ' it would result in phone companies , not the nsa , collecting so-called ' metadata ' on trillions of phone calls . government agencies could get access to it by applying to a judge empowered by the foreign intelligence surveillance act . similar legislation was introduced in the u.s. senate by democrat patrick leahy and republican mike lee . but republican senate majority leader mitch mcconnell is seemingly out of phase , sponsoring his own bill to extend the patriot act – unchanged – until the end of 2020 . mcconnell said he intended his bill to be a starting point for legislative debate , not a complete solution . a similar bill to the one that cleared the judiciary committee passed the full house last year by a bipartisan vote of 303 to 121 but narrowly failed a procedural vote in the senate . the judiciary committee chairman , virginia republican rep. bob goodlatte , said the bill 's provisions had been carefully negotiated with both the intelligence committee and intelligence agencies . during the hearing , lawmakers said a deal had been reached to bring the usa freedom act to the floor without going through the intelligence committee , where many republicans support continuing the nsa bulk collection . the nsa 's collection and storage of u.s. ' to and from ' landline calling records – times , dates and numbers , but not content of the calls – was the most controversial program among many disclosed by former nsa systems administrator edward snowden . contrarian : senate majority leader mitch mcconnell , a kentucky republican , is trying to reauthorize the usa patriot act without changes . some nsa officials opposed the program , and independent evaluations have found it of limited value as a counterterrorism tool . goodlatte said the house bill would create a ' narrower , targeted program , ' that will still allow the nsa to hunt for connections between foreign terrorists and u.s. residents . ' we must act decisively to end bulk collection in the united states , ' said rep. john conyers , the ranking democrat , in an associated press interview . ' for years , the nsa has collected our phone records , yet it can not point to a single attack that the collection has stopped , ' added rep. james sensenbrenner , a wisconsin republican who was one of the patriot act 's original authors . some lawmakers offered amendments they said would toughen the bill 's civil liberties provisions , but those were voted down , with other lawmakers saying they would kill the deal and empower those who want to continue nsa phone records collection . a civil liberties group praised the bill . ' the usa freedom act of 2015 offers an effective path forward in reforming overbroad domestic surveillance and putting an end to the bulk collection of americans ' communications , ' said nuala o'connor , president of the center for democracy and technology , in a statement .