unexpected : waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year . our glorious spring has accelerated the growing season - and supermarket shelves are already bursting with english summer fruit and veg . usually at this time of year we would still be eating vegetables imported from spain and south america . but thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until august , english tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves , weeks ahead of usual . waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year . it is stocking large jack hawkins , aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums , all grown in greenhouses across england . and the supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month . strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and english raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of march . morrisons , meanwhile , yesterday predicted britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade . the chain estimates that the asparagus crop could be up 20 per cent this year compared to average , having received an early boost of high light levels and warm temperatures . morrisons asparagus buyer david bartle said : ‘ growing conditions look like they are going to be perfect . ‘ the good weather will not only affect the amount of asparagus grown but also the quality of the crop . we could have the most exceptional year since 2007 . ’ peter cooke , waitrose vegetable buyer , said : ‘ our customers can choose from a wide variety of home grown tomatoes and in bigger quantities than this time last year . ’ the sunny spell is set to continue until later this week , when the weather will take a turn for the worst . the mercury is set to hit 21c ( 70f ) as the queen celebrates her 89th birthday today ( tuesday ) - making it hotter than ibiza , athens and barcelona . but rain , cloud and cooler temperatures are predicted for the second half of the week . early arrival : thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures we would not expect until august , english tomatoes and asparagus are already on the shelves , weeks ahead of usual . showers could hit the capital this sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the london marathon . dan williams , a spokesman for the met office , said most of britain basked in sunshine yesterday and will continue to enjoy good weather until wednesday . he said : ‘ there has been lots of sunshine around and the temperatures have been pretty decent for this time of year - temperatures have hit 19c in sussex and 18c in london . but he added : ‘ by thursday a lot more cloud will be around in general and there will be light rain over scotland . ‘ for most it will be a dry day still with some sunny spells , but generally that cloud is the herald of slightly more unsettled weather . ‘ the high pressure that has been dominating for the past few days moves over and we see a bit more of what you would expect this time of year . ’