she has already taken the modelling world by storm , being snapped up to front campaigns for the upside , myer , berlei and asos , to name a few . and now like megan gale , jennifer hawkins and elle macpherson before her , plus-size queen laura wells has turned her hand to designing . the brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear line with a twist - the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . scroll down for video . curves to coral : model and environmental scientist laura wells uses figure to flaunt ocean inspired swimwear . sizzling : the australian beauty smoulders in the campaign . the environmental scientist turned model designed the line in collaboration with us brand swimsuits for all 's trend range , swimsexy . the collection is inspired by the ocean , with coral reef scenes featuring throughout . the line includes one and two-piece suits , with zippers , criss-cross straps , plunging v-necklines and high-waisted bottoms . the swimsuits cater for every shape , with sizes ranging from 10 through to 24 . environmentally-friendly : the swimsuits are made form 100 per cent recycled materials . cut well : the swimwear features plunging v-necks , criss-cross straps and flattering cuts for all shapes . wells revealed that the idea for the collaboration came about through a conversation she had with the brand while she was working with them on a photoshoot . ' i can’t think of anyone else making eco-friendly , fashion-forward suits for curvy girls , ' laura told us website refinery 29 . laura smoulders in the campaign shots for the collection , lounging on a hammock in a clear blue ocean wearing the coral reef one-piece , which she said was her favourite from the collaboration . reef range : the swimsuits feature coral reef inspired designs , reflecting model 's australian background . she said the primary challenge was finding environmentally-friendly material while keeping prices affordable . ' recycled fabrics can be very expensive and it was important for us to keep the price point affordable , ' she said . ' also , swim fabrics need to be able to withstand a lot - sun , chlorine , saltwater - so the research and development process took a while . '