one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look , despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health . according to a new study , while just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments , nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health . seven per cent , meanwhile , have actually had allergic reactions . the survey , conducted by beauty research organization lqs and associates , looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity , and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so , including hair loss , skin swelling , and overly painful procedures . the cost of beauty : women often do n't realize the dangers of salon treatments before sitting in the styling chair . respondents cited the hairstyles of actresses jennifer aniston and sandra bullock , as well as signer jennifer lopez , as celebrity favorites , with 53 per cent also noting that they get skin , beauty , and hair ideas from pictures and videos of famous personalities . but lqs and associates warns against attempts to emulate these looks on a regular basis . a-listers like beyonce , paris hilton , and selena gomez all sport weaves and extensions , but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person . ' many of those glamorous looks can do more harm than good , leading to long term problems , ' said laque gushon-harris , president of lqs and associates . ' unfortunately , most women are not even aware of the repercussions . ' mr gushon-harris explained that women who get weaves and extensions often deal with hair loss from traction alopecia , the gradual recession of the hairline due to tight hairstyles that pull at hair follicles over time . the survey also revealed that the top five beauty and cosmetic treatments favored by women in the us include manicures , pedicures , hair coloring , teeth whitening , and perms . however , frequently demonized treatments like tanning beds and facials also make the top 10 . good hair day : jennifer aniston ( left ) and sandra bullock ( right ) have the top two favorite celebrity hairstyles . long-term risk ? according to laque gushon-harris , president of lqs and associates , beyonce 's weave could be causing permanent damage to her hair follicles . despite the dangers , the majority of women say beauty treatments make them feel better about themselves and improve their looks . nearly half believe these procedures boost their confidence . and in a country where one-sixth of women go to great lengths to look like their favorite celebrities , knowledge of dangers might not even stop them . when asked if they knew for certain that their treatments would cause permanent damage , four per cent said they would continue anyway and six per cent would continue , just not as much . most women , however , remain confident that their treatments are safe , and 67 per cent say they would stop if they learned what they were doing to themselves was unhealthy . it comes down to education , says mr gushon-harris , who travels the country teaching women about the dangers of cosmetic treatments . the study also found that 56 per cent of the respondents want more information on the side effects of their treatments and almost a quarter do n't have any idea of the dangers of their treatments . it 's a possible push for beauty salons to be more transparent . ' it is very important to be educated about whatever it is that you are doing to your body , ' he added . ' these damages can be lasting and life changing . '