mark hughes thinks tom jones is stopping stoke city from qualifying for europe . but on the green , green grass of home , his side were the ones denting hopes of facing the continent’s elite teams with this 2-1 victory over ronald koeman’s southampton . the stoke manager believes jones’s hit delilah , belted out regularly by the britannia stadium hordes , is causing his side to be marked down in uefa’s fair play league because of its violent theme and thus affecting their chances of qualifying for the europa league . charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke city came from behind to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman 's southampton . scottish international midfielder adam strikes for goal as southampton attacker sadio mane looks on at the britannia stadium . the scottish midfielder wheels away in celebration as he helps stoke city beat southampton at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon . adam is joined by stoke city team-mate marko arnautovic who congratulates the scottish international on his goal against southampton . adam wheels away in celebration and is followed by stoke city striker peter crouch at a sun-filled britannia stadium .  stoke ( 4-2-3-1 ) : begovic 7 ; cameron 7 , shawcross 6.5 , wollscheid 7 , pieters 7 ; nzonzi 6.5 , whelan 6.5 ( sidwell 76 , 6 ) ; walters 6 , ireland 5 ( adam 45 , 8 ) , arnautovic 7 ; diouf 7 ( crouch 76 , 6 ) . subs : butland , bardsley , wilson , teixeira , hughes : 7 . southampton ( 4-2-3-1 ) : davis 6 ; clyne 6.5 , fonte 6.5 , yoshida 6 , bertrand 6 ( long 86 ) ; alderweireld 7 , schneiderlin 7 ; mane 7 , davis 6 ( elia 86 ) , tadic 5 ( ward-prowse 67 ) , pelle 6 . subs : gazzaniga , gardos , reed , targett . koeman : 6 . referee : mark clattenburg . star man : charlie adam . charlie adam 's goal secured an impressive come back . click here for more match zone . however , after morgan schneiderlin prodded southampton into a deserved lead , a second-half turnaround with goals from mame diouf and charlie adam damaged the visitors hopes of finishing in the top four — and had the stoke fans belting out their favourite 60s hit . hughes said : ‘ we are not going to get too many fair play points today . ‘ the key was that we got three premier league points , though . ’ the result had koeman acknowledging that the saints’ unlikely march to the top four was over . ‘ sometimes i have to answer questions about champions league football , ’ he said . ‘ i don’t like that because the distance to fourth place is five points and now maybe it is eight . we are fighting for a europa league place — that’s our champions league . you have to see it like that . ’ mame biram diouf is joined by teammate jon walters as the stoke city duo celebrate their equaliser at the britannia stadium . steven nzonzi is quick to congratulate diouf on his goal against champions league chasing southampton at the britannia stadium . french international morgan schneiderlin gives ronald koeman 's champions league chasing southampton the lead at the britannia stadium . hughes is entitled to be happy , with his side in ninth spot with five matches to play . survival in the premier league , always the priority in these parts , was secured as early as march , leaving the manager , with the ink drying on a four-year contract , to set new targets . he wants stoke to better last year’s points tally of 50 and secure consecutive top-half finishes in the top flight for the first time in 40 years , and this result leaves such feats on the cards . victory was unlikely in a one-sided first half . southampton , who had wasted chances , eventually took one when jose fonte rose at the near post to divert steven davis’s corner goalwards but was denied by a goal-hanging schneiderlin , who got the final touch before it crossed the line . graziano pelle should have doubled the lead when played in by a lively sadio mane but stoke goalkeeper asmir begovic saved well to leave koeman ruing his side’s profligacy . ‘ i think we played very well in the first 45 minutes and were by far better team , ’ he said . ‘ maybe we could have been more clinical in the box but in general we played well today , we played at least at our level and it’s important to keep that for rest of the season . ’ for all southampton’s dominance stoke should have been level when geoff cameron flicked on a marko arnautovic free-kick only for an unmarked steven nzonzi to inexplicably miss from no more than two yards out . jose fonte celebrates with team-mate schneiderlin as southampton grabbed the lead against stoke city at the britannia stadium . schneiderlin celebrates the first goal with his team-mates during the barclays premier league match between stoke city and southampton . they did go level following the arrival of adam from the bench , albeit in exceptionally fortunate circumstances . when nzonzi mis-hit a cross into the sky there were groans . when it landed on the bar and diouf slammed home the rebound they turned into disbelieving cheers . the first delilah of the day duly followed , with adam urged to shoot wherever he picked up the ball . with six minutes remaining he did just that , lashing home following a goalmouth scramble to bring that song out again . ‘ i think he played the initial ball into the box , followed his ball in and thankfully it has dropped to him , ’ said an admiring hughes . ‘it’s great technique . he knows exactly what he is doing . he has hit it into the ground and that has made it even harder for the keeper to save it . ’ adam’s fellow substitute peter crouch could have piled on the agony for koeman after being teed up by jonathan walters but scuffed his shot wide from six yards . more misery for the saints arrived in injury time when toby alderweireld went down clutching a shoulder and was carried off on a stretcher , although he is expected to be fit for the remainder of the run-in . regardless , koeman was certainly laughing no more . southampton striker graziano pelle had his chances but he failed to take them as southampton lost to stoke city at the britannia stadium . ryan bertrand and geoff cameron go head-to-head for the ball in the sunshine at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon . diouf competes with fonte during the barclays premier league match between stoke city and southampton at the britannia stadium . french duo nzonzi and schneiderlin battle for the ball during the premier league clash between stoke city and southampton . ronald koeman applauds the adoring southampton fans as their dreams of champions league qualification all but ended .