a magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming the former head of child safety at education queensland who has been charged with child sex offences . the 52-year-old has been free on bail since march , when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . brett anthony o'connor 's lawyer , phillip mulherin , applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday . brett anthony o'connor ( pictured ) has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial . mr mulherin argued that identifying his client would cause undue stress and embarrassment . magistrate michael dakin refused the request after an abc spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations . however , according to the gold coast bulletin , the magistrate did agree to suppress the details of the victims and any witnesses . the former child safety officer with education queensland has been charged with ten counts of sex offences . he has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 . mr o'connor has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 and six counts of assault involving sexual intercourse with a child under the age of 16 . mr o'connor , a former catholic brother , was arrested in march accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . police allege the assaults occurred at schools in hunters hill in 1987 and campbelltown in 1989 . mr o'connor , a former catholic brother , was arrested in march accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . education queensland suspended o'connor from his job after he advised the department he 'd been charged . education queensland suspended o'connor from his job after he advised the department he 'd been charged . the department said his role did not require direct contact with children . o'connor left the court on monday without commenting . the case was adjourned to the campbelltown court on june 10 . the case was adjourned to the campbelltown court on june 10 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .