with a surfboard strapped to his feet , a thrill-seeker soars through the air as he showcases a new extreme sport . this action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off . the contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface , almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future where michael j fox 's character marty mcfly climbs on to a futuristic hoverboard . scroll down for video . flying high : jet surfing is the latest craze in extreme water sports as thrillseekers take it to the next level . taking off : this action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off . futuristic : the jet-surfing looks like marty mcfly 's famous hoverboard from the back to the future series , although michael j fox 's character was unable to get across the water with his board . but unlike in the 1985 classic , this jet surf board , made in the czeck republic , is designed for travelling across water - and is so powerful it can help propel riders into the air off waves or the wake from passing boats . jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg . its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive . it is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions . extreme : jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg . its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive . a bit more traditional : the surfers can get down to the water if they fancy something a little more sedate . the risks and dangers are minimal mainly because of the light weight design and the auto cut-out feature which stops the engine as soon as the rider lets go of the handle , according to a spokesman . a spokesman from the company , said : ' the experience of jet surfing is exactly what it sounds like - surfing with jet power . ' it 's a massive adrenaline rush to accelerate on a board which , in terms of the power to weight ratio and the lack of friction , is one of the most powerful craft of any type in the world . ' jet surfing can transform a calm body of water into a surfer 's playground . wave power : surfers are still recommended to surf while wearing a helmet and life vests . it is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions . ' if there is some wake from a boat or a choppy surface then it 's full of kickers and jumps where riders can get some serious air , allowing big grabs , tweaks , method airs and even back flips . ' jet surfing is less risky and dangerous than other extreme sports , according to the company . the spokesman said : ' the risks and dangers are minimal mainly because of the light weight design and the auto cut-out feature which stops the engine as soon as the rider lets go of the handle . ' obviously , we recommend surfers ride within their limits and wear life vests and helmets , also to stay aware of prevailing water conditions and respect other water users . '