a cancer patient has told how a large tumour underneath her left breast ' dissolved away ' after a pioneering new treatment . the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs , to treat skin cancer . doctors at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york have hailed their patient 's recovery ' one of the most astonishing responses ' , ever seen . scientists at the hospital have conducted a trial , treating patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma with a new type of treatment . they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , nivolumab . a 49-year-old cancer patient 's giant tumour underneath her left breast ( starred left ) was ' completely destroyed ' and ' dissolved away ' ( right ) after she received a pioneering new drugs cocktail to treat melanoma . they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future . a case report , published in the new england journal of medicine , reveals that after just one dose of the two drugs , the 49-year-old woman reported her tumour ' kind of dissolved ' . four years ago doctors removed a 4.2mm melanoma from her back . after treatment , and a year-and-a-half later , doctors discovered the cancer had returned . then five months ago , another growth was removed from under the patient 's left breast . but despite surgery , the disease returned . when the patient arrived at memorial sloan-kettering cancer center , she had developed a huge tumour underneath her left breast , which protruded through the skin . the woman was given her first dose of ipilimumab and nivolumab , without complaining of any side effects . when she returned to the hospital three weeks later , for her second dose of the drugs combination , she revealed to doctors the huge mass underneath her left breast had ' disappeared ' , leaving a hole in the skin . doctors treating her said : ' this patient had a rapid eradication of a large tumour mass after a single treatment with combination immunotherapy . ' she now , no longer has any detectable melanoma . ' this is one of the most astonishing responses i have seen , ' said medical oncologist paul chapman . ' it reminds us of the potential power of the immune system if we can remove the `` brakes '' that keep it from attacking cancer cells . ' the world health organisation estimates that worldwide there are 66,000 deaths annually from skin cancer , with approximately 80 per cent due to melanoma . researchers at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center , led by medical oncologist michael postow , examined 142 patients with advanced melanoma , as part of their trials . patients were randomly assigned to receive ipilimumab and nivolumab or ipilimumab plus a placebo . those selected to receive ipilimumab with a placebo to start with , were later allowed to receive nivolumab if the first drug was ineffective . in a staggering 61 per cent of patients receiving the combination therapy , the researchers found significant tumour shrinkage . that was compared to just 11 per cent of the patients receiving ipilimumab plus a placebo . patients receiving both drugs also lived longer without their disease progressing . the patient was treated as part of a clinical trial to test the effects of a new drugs combination on patients with advanced melanoma , pictured . the study found 61 per cent of those treated with ipilimumab and nivolumab showed signs of their tumours shrinking . but the side effects experienced by the patients on the combination therapy were worse , though they were still manageable . dr postow said : ' the incredibly high response rate seen in this trial for patients receiving the combination - approximately 60 per cent - now lets us tell patients that they have a high chance of significantly shrinking their melanoma with this treatment . ' more research is still needed , however , to know if it is necessary to give all patients this combination , or if patients should receive drugs like nivolumab and ipilimumab in sequence . ' senior author , jedd wolchok , chief of the melanoma and immunotherapeutics service at memorial sloan-kettering cancer center ( msk ) , said : ' we are excited about these results and believe they support the principle that rationally combining effective medicines is an approach to achieving better outcomes for patients . ' the us food and drug administration approved nivolumab late last year . doctors at msk helped spearhead clinical trials testing the drug 's safety and effectiveness and continue to conduct studies using the drug to treat melanoma and other cancers . the findings were presented at the american association of cancer research annual meeting . 