small , brown and infinitely snackable , the almond seems so inoffensive . and yet just as this latest health food is supposed to be transforming our lives , battling high cholesterol and heart attacks , it is having a ruinous effect on the planet . the nut that frequently appears in the bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ‘ the devil’s nut’ , pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in california . the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year . although it’s tempting to blame all those irresponsible californians filling their huge swimming pools and watering their lawns with abandon , domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture . bone dry : a californian farmer is pictured surveying his drought-hit land in san luis obispo county . the state has long been one of the world’s biggest producers of fruit and vegetables — for profit-hungry farmers , its year-round sunshine more than outweighs the obvious drawback that it hardly ever rains there . californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water , digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-year-round peaches , sweet peppers and pistachios . and all would still have been fine if it hadn’t been for the addition of almonds . the trouble is , global demand for the nut is soaring — as customers from david cameron to millions of middle-class chinese develop a passion for almond-based foods . the prime minister is said to splash almond milk on his breakfast cereal and in his tea . and it almost certainly comes from california . attracted by the huge profits being made from a crop that is hardly cheap , california farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world’s almond demand . worth £3.8 billion in 2013 , almonds have become california’s second biggest agricultural commodity after milk , as demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade . the problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale . it has been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow a single almond . worse , they need water all the year round , so almond trees must be watered even when they are not producing . dry days : homes with swimming pools are seen in the palm springs area , california , as the state enters its fourth year of severe drought . since almond trees cover almost a million acres of california ( about the size of cornwall ) — many of them on previously virgin hillsides or in areas with little or no rain — that’s a lot of h2o being sucked up to satisfy our almond craving . in total , almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state — a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million californians . all of which is slightly problematic , given that two-thirds of california is classified as being in ‘ extreme drought’ , as the region suffers its driest conditions for 1,200 years . u.s. government weather experts are talking about a mega-drought that could last for decades . the state’s governor , jerry brown , last month ordered cities and towns to slash their water consumption by at least a quarter and by as much as 35 per cent in some urban areas . residents have been told to take shorter showers and to stop watering their lawns . owners of swimming pools — the icon of the california lifestyle — are being banned from filling them in some neighbourhoods . but the governor’s decision to exempt farms from his draconian measure has infuriated voters , who quickly identified who was really to blame . one tv station has talked about ‘ almond shaming’ , while the los angeles times outed them as the ‘villains’ of the super-drought . some almond farmers have tried to shift the blame . ‘ the tomato growers use a lot more water than we do , ’ says one , ryon paton , but no one believes him . almonds are high in potassium , calcium , vitamin e and magnesium , and are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain . the hunt is on for celebrity almond investors , amid reports that both oprah winfrey and former secretary of state condoleezza rice are making huge sums from almond farms . almond farmers are also fighting among themselves . smaller growers are blaming the big companies moving into the market , saying they are growing almonds in areas that are too dry for the trees . because farmers have to irrigate almond trees continuously , they are using groundwater — the underground water that feeds aquifers and theoretically provides the state’s emergency reserves . groundwater supplies have been shrinking for decades , but the mega-rich , big almond growers can afford to sink bore holes more than 100ft to find the precious liquid . so is the state of california , birthplace of sixties’ hippy values , rushing to root up almond groves and rescue its corner of the planet ? quite the opposite . in america , dollar signs are everything . a recent government survey found that 77 per cent of california almond farmers plan to plant more trees . they have the support of the state’s leaders who get vast sums in taxes from such a high-value crop . paul wenger , head of the california farm bureau , says any talk of curbing almond growing ‘ gets to be kind of un-american . it’s a free country and they have the right to do what they want’ . unlike cows ' milk , almond milk – which is made from ground nuts and water – has no cholesterol or lactose , and being a plant food , it is often consumed by vegans , vegetarians , and others forgoing dairy . california has been bingeing on water for decades , building homes in arid areas that shouldn’t be inhabited — as their owners discover when they are engulfed in bushfires . farming is governed by the same ‘ who cares’ attitude . america has vast amounts of rich agricultural land in god-forsaken states like iowa , but california has a mediterranean climate that’s ideal for high-profit crops like almonds . if californians won’t save themselves , an obvious solution is for everyone else to stop buying their almonds . but weaning ourselves off something hailed a ‘ miracle food’ could be tough . the average american snacks on 2lb of almonds a year . britain is catching up fast . uk almond milk sales are soaring at a rate of 70-80 per cent a year as shoppers opt for a dairy-free alternative that they believe is healthier for your heart and the perfect solution to the growing prevalence of lactose intolerance . last year , sainsbury’s reported its sales were up by 181 per cent year-on-year . a study in the british medical journal even challenged the ‘benefit’ of dairy milk , saying it not only fails to prevent bone fractures but may double the risk of early death . for almond milk producers there could be no better sales pitch . but do the pm and his trendy friends know it takes 23 gallons of water to produce a glass of almond milk ? the prime minister is said to splash almond milk on his breakfast cereal and in his tea . and it almost certainly comes from california . nutrition experts see the almond as meeting an increasing demand for a natural , low-calorie and high-protein food that tastes more pleasant than that old health shop stalwart , soya . it’s more versatile , too — almond butter can be spread on toast like peanut butter , ground into flour and nibbled as a snack . nuts may have a reputation as being fattening but almond fans say they are packed with antioxidants and healthy fats that help modulate blood sugar and reduce hunger . the list of reputed benefits goes on and on . perhaps it is not surprising , given that almonds are mentioned in the book of genesis as ‘ among the best of fruits’ . the rod of aaron — brother of moses — supposedly brought forth fragrant almond flowers . but if there’s a smell in the air in california , it is the stench of greed — as america’s most self-indulgent state pours away its fast-vanishing water to feed a global obsession with a humble nut .