a real-life willy wonka has laid claim to making the most extravagant chocolate creation - a seven-foot-tall , five-foot-wide easter egg made using 352lbs ( 160kg ) of chocolate . jan hansen 's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together and is made from layers of belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame . the creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . jan hansen with his 7ft tall easter egg which he will sell off in pieces to raise money for st barnabas hospice . mr hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice . the giant treat , which has since been wrapped in cellophane complete with a bow on top , was made with melted chocolate which had to be tempered overnight . the 58-year-old chocolatier commissioned an iron worker to make a special frame for his egg , which was then wrapped in grease proof paper and cling film , before being covered in chocolate . due to the nature of chocolate contracting after it cools , mr hansen had to add layer upon layer of chocolate using a palette knife over a three-day period . he then finished the egg off using a ' rough bark ' finish . mr hansen , who has been in the chocolate business for almost three decades , currently has the egg on display at his shop hansen 's chocolate house in folkingham , sleaford , linconshire . layers of chocolate cover an egg-shaped iron frame which the chocolatier had specially commissioned . in the past he has made giant easter eggs but never one that has sized up to his current creation which measures five feet in width . on easter sunday the egg is to be cracked using a hammer before it is sold off to punters who have already been sizing up the egg . mr hansen said : ' it is a fair size and it makes a massive difference compared to the others i have made in the past . ' it 's quite fortunate that the conservatory has air conditioning and that it has double doors so we can get it out . ' the actual making was the easy part but i did have a few sleepless nights thinking about it . it was almost like chocolate cladding , i made big sheets of chocolate and put them on the side of the frame . ' it 's pretty thick . nothing tastes quite as good as easter egg chocolate and on easter sunday customers are going to take it apart and i 'm going to crack it with a big hammer . it was exhausting , but it is fantastic to see the look on people 's faces . ' i did n't expect people would want to buy the chocolate but it helps to raise more money for the hospice . when they see it they almost do n't have to say anything you just have to look at their faces.the kiddies are lost for words , one little boy who was four and funnily enough called charlie could n't take it in that it was an easter egg . i think it scared him . ' the iron frame was wrapped in grease proof paper and cling film . mr hansen lost his brother cullum , 59 , two years ago after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour and towards the end of his illness had need of the services provided by a hospice . he added : ' people have been very generous . i 'm well on target to hit the £1,000 mark . ' most people know somebody who has gone through the hospice and know it 's a very important part of the health care . people are more than willing to support the hospice and i 've felt very proud i 've been able to help with this gesture . ' he added : ' i 've always had a sweet tooth and on a saturday morning i used to go into the sweet shop and look at the sweets before deciding what to spend my pocket money on . ' chocolate is my passion , i love it and working with chocolate is better than any medication or therapies . ' i say that we 're so lucky working in this industry because 99.9 per cent of customers are always smiling when they walk in , and then they see this and are beaming . ' when i look at it i think `` wow '' but now i 'm beginning to think `` what can i do next '' - next year i 'll perhaps need a crane and scaffolding . '