manchester city defender pablo zabaleta accepts the fallen champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four . zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday 's derby loss at manchester united having continued a dismal run which has seen city capitulate in the barclays premier league title race . manuel pellegrini 's men crashed 4-2 at old trafford , a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a champions league place . wayne rooney leaps onto fellaini 's back after united take the lead through the big belgian , who has had an excellent renaissance recently . it is a far cry from the situation on new year 's day , when the defending champions pulled level with chelsea at the top with a 3-2 win over sunderland . having been eight points behind just over a month earlier , city appeared to be clicking into gear - but all has suddenly gone wrong . they now trail the leaders by 12 points , having played a game more , and their form continues to offer encouragement for the likes of southampton and liverpool below them . a dejected yaya toure and fernandinho look on following their defeat to rivals manchester united . zabaleta said : ' it is time to analyse what we are doing wrong and try to improve for the next few games . there are still 18 points to play for and we must be honest with ourselves and start to push hard , play better and win games , so we can get in the top four . ' when you lose those games it is always really hard , but that is football sometimes . football is about momentum . ' it seems you lose confidence when you can not get results and it was a really tough afternoon . ' city were chasing a record fifth successive derby win and the occasion initially seemed to rouse them from their recent troubles as they made a blistering start . sergio aguero was the rare highlight in an otherwise dismal manchester city performance at old trafford . aguero scored twice , but he had very little to cheer about as manchester city left the eitihad empty handed . their movement and energy was superb and they claimed a well-worked opening goal through sergio aguero after just eight minutes . but that was as good as it got as united equalised through the excellent ashley young and then took complete control . further goals from the impressive marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling secured a convincing win before aguero 's 100th city goal came as a late consolation . ' it seems we lost confidence and were nervous , ' said zabaleta . ' then it was hard for the team to react and we conceded the second goal . manchester city 's manager manuel pellegrini issues instructions as his side lose to their rivals . all of united 's outfield players congratulate celebrate as they score in the derby at old trafford on sunday . ' in the second half we did n't create many chances and when united scored the third goal the game was over . ' winger jesus navas was at a loss to explain city 's failure to impose themselves after united pulled back level . the spaniard said : ' i do n't really know ( what happened ) . they scored the equaliser and they were back in the game . we started strong but it was n't our day and we need to focus on the upcoming games . it 's champions league ( qualification at stake ) so we have to fight until the end to be in the top four . ' juan mata once again showed his value to the side and pointed the way with a display full of energy and poise .