an art student at syracuse university has taken a positive stand on self love and is sharing her secrets to accepting her flaws through a series of stunning self-portraits - and motivational speaking . three years ago on new year 's day , lania roberts was standing in front of her mirror , vowing to change herself - but also to love herself more , after enduring years of cruel comments from her peers , and an ever-present feeling of self-doubt . now , at only 18 , lania is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is – and how , through her love of art , she learned to find beauty within her own appearance . picture perfect : 18-year-old syracuse painting student lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one 's self unconditionally . the artist : lania specializes in self-portraits , which she began painting in high school . earlier this month , lania gave a moving motivational speech titled ' love yourself unconditionally ' , during which the louisville native lania recounted her journey to self-acceptance and eagerly shared the lessons she has learned . the path to this realization came after lania made that new year 's resolution in 2012 . she joined the track team at her high school and lost 50 pounds , eventually being able to stand in front of that mirror again and call herself beautiful . she also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw . ' little did i know that love was so conditional , ' lania explained in her speech , reports the daily orange . ' it was like accepting the terms and conditions that you check when you 're making a new facebook or something . ' but then over the summer of junior year , lania gained the weight back . ' every pound that i gained , i lost a pound of love , ' she said . ' so you can do the math of how much love i lost for myself . i would look at myself in the mirror and say , `` oh my gosh . '' ' lessons learned : lania 's journey began after making a new year 's resolution to lose weight and love herself more back in 2012 . talented : before coming to syracuse , the louisville native had been accepted to a highly-selective art program at the kentucky governor’s school for the arts . however , her paintings tell a different story . ' when it comes to painting a self-portrait , i could turn those things that i did n't really love into something that was beautiful not only to me , but to others , ' lania told cosmo . ' beauty is learned . beauty is something that we have learned over time , ' lania told cosmo . ' now i 'm actually understanding that it 's not other people accepting me that leads to happiness . ' focusing more on her artistic flair than her physical appearance , lania became more confident , more outspoken , and vowed to take more risks . she was accepted to a highly-selective art program at the kentucky governor’s school for the arts and even had the confidence to confess to a man that she thought he was ' the most beautiful man on this damn earth . ' but for lania , the real moment of self-acceptance came one night when she was getting ready to go out , and noticed that her jeans were not fitting quite right . ' little did i know that love was so conditional ' : lania lost 50 pounds after deciding she wanted to change her appearance , but later gained the weight back , which caused her to change her outlook . taking the stage : lania recently decided to share her journey to self-acceptance with her peers . ' my love-handles was poking out a little bit , so i looked in the mirror and said `` oh , that doesn’t look too good , but somebody’s going to love them someday , '' ' she explained . lania says that she realized then that she could not count on others for validation on loving herself , because , as she told the syracuse crowd : ' you are the only thing that you are promised your entire life . ' ' we learn that if something is flawed , it 's supposed to become something else , ' she added to cosmo . ' and i am learning that i , lania , my body , everything , it does not need to be like something else . '