they played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance , these really are dark days for newcastle united . still , at least they returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes . but on sunday they set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies . john carver looks on as his newcastle united struggle against rivals sunderland in the tyne-wear derby . head coach john carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve and would only reveal what it was following victory . well , we 'll never know what he used in a forlorn attempt to rouse his players . but we do know it did n't work . phil neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago when he said that their application during the 3-0 defeat at everton was reminiscent of a set of players with one eye on their summer holidays . neville was at the stadium of light on sunday and , rather than prove him wrong as a livid carver promised his men would , they played like a side with their flip-flops on . carver was in a rage again on sunday night , but this time it was his players feeling the fury . ' i said before the game that no side of mine would be criticised for not working hard enough . i was wrong , ' he said . jordi gomez and remy cabella do battle on the stadium of light pitch as sunderland snatch victory . ' the performance hurts more than the result . we were second best . it 's a funny thing pressure , some players can handle it and some ca n't . some of ours perhaps ca n't after losing five in a row . ' i am absolutely embarrassed to be part of it . ' newcastle 's problem is a sad attitude of acceptance that has been allowed to permeate a squad lacking in ability and character . the magpie mandate is survival and , to that end , their season finished the minute they were more or less assured of as much . not even a derby can rally this lot . there was one incident in the second half which captured their passive approach . with the play dead , mike williamson had to scream at team-mate daryl janmaat in a desperate effort to return the ball with some sense of urgency . sunderland , in contrast , hassled , harried and hounded their opponents . they had won the previous four derbies because they out-worked newcastle and wanted it more . they won a fifth for exactly the same reasons . jermain defoe earns sunderland all three points with a sensational volley at the stadium of light . this was billed as ' the desperation derby ' given the alarming form of the north-east rivals going into the game – four goals between them in 18 hours with six points taken from a possible 36 . but there was only one team desperate to win this . it was n't until the final 15 minutes that newcastle drew a save from costel pantilimon . but it was too little , too late . far too little , in fact . these are dispiriting times on tyneside . the disconnect between supporters , players and hierarchy has never been greater . on full-time , the toon army spat as much venom towards their own team as they did the red-and-whites goading them nearby . they had just witnessed a dour display of nothingness , sadly lacking in energy , imagination and pride . newcastle united goalkeeper tim krul can only look on in horror as the striker 's effort cruises in . there was one shining light amid the darkness . cancer survivor jonas gutierrez was starting his first game in 20 months and was by some distance the only player in grey worthy of applause , and that he rightly received . his shirt was soaked near-enough black come the end such was his effort . it failed , however , to inspire his team-mates , one of which , tim krul , was criticised by fans on social media when it appeared he congratulated jermain defoe for his stunning match-winner shortly before half-time . but to demonise krul alone would be wrong . the problems at newcastle run from top to bottom . they are a club without ambition , happy to renew their premier league pay packet come the end of the season . that message from above means you end up with performances such as this – grey , with little sign of light . january signing defoe reels away in celebration after scoring a priceless goal for sunderland . sunderland boss dick advocaat ( left ) celebrates defoe 's opening goal as newcastle manager . the sunderland player closed down quickly throughout as newcastle players struggled to get going . cancer survivor jonas gutierrez ( left ) was by some distance the only player in grey worthy of applause .