as day two of the grand national gets underway , thousands of ladies dressed in outrageous or elegant outfits as they compete in the style stakes and take in some high-class racing throughout the day . the popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's main event , the crabbies grand national . seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase and following up from his second place at the world hurdle at cheltenham festival . a.p mccoy rides don cossack and eastlake in what is his last ever grand national festival , as he looks to leave the racing scene and his legacy with a bang . side boob alert ! some of the racegoers ended up flashing a bit more flesh than they bargained for . hoping to be noticed : ms brown had certainly dressed to attract the attention of photographers in her newsprint dress and scarlet heels . steady ! a lady needs some help getting off aintree 's racing simulator , but a bride-to-be had no problems hanging on . glugging on the go : ladies enjoy a drink while moving through the racecourse ahead of the first race . uh oh ! ms brown also fell victim to the day 's first wardrobe malfunction when a breeze blew her skirt up to reveal a paucity of underwear . getting the giggles : a lady chats seriously on the phone while another just ca n't hide her smile as she strolls around the course . great day out : two ladies burst into peals of laughter as they enjoy their day out at aintree . full length : floor-length dresses in summery floral print also proved a hit , with many ladies teaming them with summery sandals . and relax : ladies perch on a piece of astro-turf and check their phones while enjoying a drink . ladies in red : along with bridal white , cheerful crimson also struck a chord with the ladies and it proved a popular choice . nice dress ! a quartet of ladies show off their stylish side as they strike a pose for photographers while making their way into the course . colourful : many of the racegoers arriving for ladies ' day had plumped for bold brights - red was among the favourites . showing some skin : a couple of ladies opted to flash the flesh and showed off plenty of cleavage as well as a few tattoos . go on ! a lady roars her horse home to victory during the second race of ladies ' day at aintree . purple reign : a lady shows off her spectacular grecian-inspired dress and her matching purple hat . bright spark : bold colour was a popular choice for the second day in a row with bright pink and pale blue taking an early lead . tenterhooks : earlier , the lady had looked nervous while watching the second race of the day , the doom bar maghull novices ' chase . stripes galore : one of summer 's hottest trends is stripes - and the ladies of aintree were happy to make the most of it . dancing queen : a lady gives the cameras a twirl while crossing the racecourse in her high heels . oops ! one lady 's champagne swigging plans did n't quite go to plan and she ended up with booze splashed across her face . on trend : a range of different summer trends were on show , including the ever-popular black and white ( left ) , lace ( centre ) and print ( right ) . hats you win : many of the ladies arrived sporting spectacular hats , which they offset with simple dresses . looking lovely : ladies sported a variety of different looks , with black and white , maxi dresses and peplums all proving popular . quite the look : a lady steps out in a floor-length orange dress slashed to somewhere beyond the thigh . along with low-cut dresses , the clunky platform shoes that have become a grand national staple in recent years were very much on show as were some unflatteringly tight get-ups . most , however , were simply intent on enjoying the sunshine and , in some cases , the revels with many opting to start their day with a mini bottle of champagne , quaffed with the help of a booze funnel . but while many joined in with the fun , the sight of so many early morning drinkers has left bookmakers panicking at the prospect of a bumper payout following coral 's decision to offer odds on such wardrobe malfunctions as falling over while drunk and showing off too much cleavage . ' if some of yesterday 's outfits were anything to go by , we 're in for a treat today for ladies ' day at aintree , ' said coral 's nicola mcgeady , whose company has priced falling over at 1/2 and exposed breasts and bottoms at 2/1 . cheers ! a pair of ladies , both in spectacular fascinators , enjoy a bottle of moët & chandon champagne . flashing the flesh : some of the ladies had clearly ignored the part of the style code that advises against excess cleavage . time for a touch up : a lady freshens up her eye make-up from her perch on a spare bit of asphalt . much better ! a lady kicks off her platform shoes and replaces them with a comfy pair of flip flops . afternoon pint : some of the ladies looked content to ignore the racing and got stuck into the beer instead . mwah ! two ladies pose for a selfie and manage to juggle brightly coloured cocktails at the same time . good for a giggle : a cheerful pair of ladies pose for a selfie while tucking into a box of chips . colourful : some ladies chose particularly bright ensembles , especially the lady on the left who combined pink hair with an orange skirt . hint of flesh : some ladies opted for dresses with cut outs , although some revealed more than others . bottoms up ! a pair of ladies enjoy a glass of champagne as they wait for the racing action to start . making merry : a lady kicks off her heels and enjoys a sit down ( left ) while another flashes a thigh at photographers . watching the action : racegoers clad in an array of cheerful summery brights watch the action unfold . careful ! a lady teeters forward as she watches her horse gallop home in the second race of the day . break to pose ! the ladies left drinking and sunbathing alone briefly while waving cheerfully at a passing photographer . brilliant fun : a hen party appears to be making the most of their day out and make a bright splash of colour against the grey concrete . getting the giggles : a lady chats seriously on the phone while another just ca n't hide her smile as she strolls around the course . party ! racegoers are clearly having a great time as they share a bottle of champagne while enjoying the sunshine . hello sunshine : many racegoers appeared to have dressed for august and clearly wanted to make the most of the lovely weather . sunbathing : ladies huddle on a tarmac concourse as they enjoy a drink while topping up their tans . first faller ! a lady 's high heels prove unequal to the task of dealing with grass - but at least she 's still smiling . place your bets ! some of the ladies appeared intent on checking the latest odds on their phones . ready for action : three ladies arrive for their day out at the races sporting pretty dresses in patriotic red and blue . colourful : many of the guests opted for colourful ensembles , including , in one case , an impressively large feather headdress ( right ) . getting stuck in : some guests opted to get the day off to a flying start with a glass or two of bubbly . enjoying themselves : most of the ladies arriving were anticipating a fun day out on day two of the crabbie 's grand national festival . coordinating : several couples and groups of friends opted for complementary ensembles in a wide range of hues . comparing notes ? a quintet of ladies enjoy a chat as they arrive for a day 's racing at aintree . ' with the sun shining down , we 're predicting the hemlines to shorten and the necklines to deepen so we could be in for a big payout by the end of the day if our odds are anything to go by . ' such episodes are something aintree bosses had hoped to avoid this year , with the strict style code just one of a raft of measures designed to add some class to the image of the event which has suffered in recent years . along with expecting 'chanel-inspired ' get-ups from female racegoers , the management has also threatened to kick out any photographers caught taking photos of drunken racegoers . ' our event is full of character , it’s fun , and that’s generated by the personality of the liverpool people , ' said aintree managing director john baker in the run-up to this year 's event . ' we have to absolutely protect that because it’s at the core of what we are , and we have a responsibility to our customers to project the correct image . ' eye-catching : a trio of brightly dressed ladies and a glamorous woman in black strike a pose for the cameras . strapless : with the sun shining down on aintree , many of the ladies opted for bustier-style dresses . having a laugh : a pair of ladies dissolve into fits of laughter as they enjoy their day in the sunshine at aintree . dressed to the nines : a trio of racegoers show off their style nous as they arrive for a day out at aintree . good day out : excited racegoers were clearly looking forward to their day out and were all smiles as they arrived at the racecourse . lovely : many of the ladies opted for summery shades such as coral , while others kept things coordinated in navy and cream , and purple . looking good : local girl rebecca ferguson wowed onlookers in her bold pink dress and jewelled purple pumps . and they 're off ! a group of ladies show off their race day looks , several complete with gorgeous cocktail hats featuring plenty of feathers . having a ball : a lady looks wonderful in pink and white florals while right , a quartet of ladies blow a kiss for the cameras . mono mania : a quartet of ladies arrive dressed in chic all-black ensembles , with one , unusually , opting for trousers instead of the usual dress . final touches : a lady , who appears to have entered the racecourse 's style competition , applies a final slick of lipstick . making an entrance : a lady inspects a stall selling cut-price fascinators as she prepares to make her entrance . quirky : one lady showed off a rather unique sense of style courtesy of pair of fun bambi-inspired heels . sunshine : racegoer lydia brown strikes a pose in front of the fountain that sits at the entrance of the aintree racecourse . final preparations : a jockey club employee puts the finishing touches to the racecourse as the first ladies arrive .