in 2007 , machu picchu was named a ' new wonder of the world ' . with the ancient inca city featured on bucket lists the world over , visitors queuing up for the perfect photo of its other worldly beauty , it 's not surprising that cracks are starting to show . since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by peru and unesco . last year 1.1million people reached its dizzying peak . scroll down for video . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site . and now a new master plan , to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 , has been revealed , calling for the re-conceptualisation ' of machu picchu . according to the andean air mail and peruvian times , the idea is to change the ' axis of the visitor experience ' making the mountain into a part of the tourist experience as well as the inca city itself , with the hopes that this can control crowd flow - the project is set to cost around £28.5million . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below , and there will be three different routes through the site . a staff of certified guides and guards will be employed , and security cameras installed . certified guides and guards will be employed , and security cameras installed as part of the grand plan . also , time limits will be imposed to keep traffic flowing . an online document outlining the plan states : ' groups of 100 visitors will leave approximately every 10 minutes ( from the visitor’s centre ) toward any of the possible options , easing up the congestion on the heritage space with the aid of interpretive signs and a more efficient action by the guides . ' so if groups of 100 are dispatched every ten minutes , the site would receive around 6,000 visitors per day , which works out as over two million a year . plans have also been agreed for an exit ramp , as well as onsite toilets . since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by peru and unesco . in 2008 , unesco , the ministry of culture and the peruvian government agreed that no more than 2,500 people should visit the site per day . due to a lack of emergency management , limited road access from santa maria and santa teresa and poorly managed waste facilities , increasing numbers of tourists would be potentially very dangerous . the new master plan aims to tackle all of those issues , but it could be argued that the sacred inca city might never be the same again . journey latin america 's peru expert , isabelle mazille , told mail online travel : ' machu picchu is not a museum , but an experience – and people go time and time again to visit certain areas . ' so with this idea of having a specific route from which you can not deviate , being able to go with a guide only and in short slots will definitely affect the experience ; it won’t be the same . ' but on the other hand – and this is the main issue – based on the increasing number of visitors , the authorities need to do something to accommodate ( and control ) them as otherwise the site will crumble . ' on the positive side , a visitor and orientation centre is a good idea which will help organise and disperse the crowds ' . 