labour appeared split on its proposed new 50p top rate of income tax today after shadow business secretary chuka umunna said it should only be a temporary measure . mr umunna , increasingly tipped as a likely successor to ed miliband , said he was opposed to ' taxing for the sake of taxing ' . his remarks highlighted divisions in labour 's top ranks over the 50p rate , introduced for the last few weeks of gordon brown 's government as a trap for the tories . shadow business secretary chuka umunna , increasingly tipped as a likely successor to ed miliband , said he was opposed to ' taxing for the sake of taxing . when george osborne reduced it to 45p , arguing the rate was deterring businesspeople and ‘ wealth creators’ , labour railed against what it has ever since called a ' millionaires ' tax cut ' . in fact , the rate applied to income over £150,000 , and labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected . the scottish national party has pledged to vote in favour of a 50p top rate if it holds the balance of power after may 7 . but shadow chancellor ed balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary , while mr miliband is more ideologically wedded to maintaining it . during the labour leadership race in 2010 , mr miliband said the 50p rate should stay in place and was ' not just about reducing the deficit , it’s about fairness in our society ' . today , in an interview with with the new statesman magazine , shadow business secretary mr umunna broke ranks to insist that how long to sustain the measure should be a purely economic decision and not a moral one . ' i wouldn’t want to do it permanently because ... i would like to see the tax burden as low as possible , ' he said . ' i don’t believe that you tax for the sake of taxing : you tax to fund public services and , currently , to reduce our deficit and our debt . ' i 'm very clear : i did not go into politics to tax people . we should be very clear about that as a party . ' shadow chancellor ed balls , speaking in birmingham today , is said to want the new top rate to be temporary , while mr miliband is more ideologically wedded to maintaining it . during the labour leadership race in 2010 , ed miliband - pictured campaigning in north london today , said the 50p rate should stay in place and was ' not just about reducing the deficit , it’s about fairness in our society ' . mr umunna also argued that labour needs to make a more positive and confident case for reducing the deficit in order to cope with the left-wing backlash it would encounter in office . ' i do n't think there is anything progressive in spending more on your debt interest repayments every year than you do on housing , than you do on transport , ' he said . ' that is where there is an argument from a progressive position to be made for balancing the books . we need to make that argument and we need to make it more confidently . ' because if we get elected . . . we 're going to have to make some really tough decisions . and we need to be clear why we 're doing this - we will be attacked from the left , not just by the green party but the socialist party and others , and we 've got to have a confident , not a defensive position . ' asked whether he would like to be labour leader , mr umunna failed to rule it out . ' i always listen to tessa jowell , who 's like my political mum , who says you 've got to keep your feet firmly on the ground and for every person who writes up something like that there 'll be another slagging you off , ’ said the 36-year-old . ' so i think you 've got to keep a sense of perspective and you 've got to remember in politics that it is n't about you , it 's actually about the ideas , the arguments and the party . ' mr balls yesterday published an audit of spending and tax commitments in the conservative party manifesto which he claims shows the tories have made £25 billion a year of promises which they have not explained how they will pay for . in a speech in the west midlands , labour’s shadow chancellor will say that this £25 billion is the equivalent of £1,439 a year for every working household in britain . ' the conservative party manifesto contains billions of pounds of panicky promises with absolutely no idea where the money is coming from , ' he said . chancellor george osborne has rejected mr balls 's criticisms of the tory manifesto as ' absurd ' . he has refused to rule out reducing the top tax rate back down to 40p , where it was during tony blair 's entire period of office .