sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human , say rescue workers . the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s sea isle cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt . fat cat : sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's equally as fat as a 700-pound human , say rescue workers . ' whatever position she’s in , she’s stuck . she can barely move , ' said olandt , a helper at the non-profit s.o.s . sea isle city cats . when coming to collect sprinkles , the volunteers at s.o.s were unable to carry her . they had to put her in a crate and get a man to carry her up the stairs , reports press of atlantic city . 'we’re a bunch of old ladies . we had to get a young man to get her up the steps , ' said olandt . sprinkles is a four-year-old spotted black and white cat who won the affection of the women working at s.o.s . not only is sprinkles overweight but when she was rescues she had an awful flea infestation , ear mites , and an ear infection . a healthy weight for sprinkles would be 10 pounds which is 20 pounds less than she currently weighs . olandt said that sprinkles heavy weight can be compared to a person weighing 700 pounds . new hope : cat rescuer stacy olandt , of sea isle city , plays with sprinkles , a 33-pound female domestic short-haired cat on thursday following her rescue . 'we’ve seen fat cats at 20 to 25 pounds but this is just obscene . cats , by and large , don’t overfeed themselves . this is similar to a 600 or 700 pound human that should weigh 180 pounds , ' said olandt . luckily for sprinkles , she is expected to survive . her fleas and mites are gone and her ear infection is being treated with antibiotics . she will hopefully lose a pound a month after being placed on a special diet . the next move is to find sprinkles a loving home . 'she’s sweet , sweet , sweet . i’ve never seen so many people broken-hearted and hopeful at the same time , ' said olandt . olandt told phillymag.com that sprinkles has a beautiful face , ' like a pretty fat girl . ' ' she 's letting us clean the red , raw spots , and she 's so sweet . the lovingest , most precious cat . she 's happy now . and she has a beautiful face , which i guess is what they say about fat girls , ' said olandt . she also said that when sprinkles loses the weight she will need a tummy tuck so that her skin does n't drag on the floor . those who wish to adopt sprinkles the cat can apply here .