this £150,000 lamborghini gallardo has just crashed into a tree , careered into the middle of the road and smashed a concrete bollard to smithereens . it also lost a wheel which came flying off , missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft . and the reaction of the driver ? the young man , who has not been identified , is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ‘ buy another one tomorrow’ . scroll down for video . a lamborghini was left severely damaged after it was crashed into a tree and a bollard , causing one of the rear wheels of the £250,000 supercar to fly off and narrowly miss a man who was walking his granddaughter home . private security worker martin johnson , 46 , was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter charly pennett home from school when he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire . ‘ as we came to the main road we heard a throaty roar which made us turn our heads and that’s when we saw this exotic orange-coloured sports car come around the corner at speed , ’ he said . ‘ we were lucky really because the large wheel came bouncing through the air at about chest height barely 10ft away . if we were there just a couple of minutes earlier it could have been a different story . ‘ the kids were very , very scared but when the driver got out he was laughing and after a while started to boast that he would “ just go out and buy another one tomorrow” . ’ martin johnson said he was walking his granddaughter charly pennett home when the wheel flew past . onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school and said he would buy another . a rear wheel span off the back of the car due to the force of the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire . the 5.2litre car was left badly damaged by the crash , with the back left wheel of the 550 horse power vehicle completely ripped from its axle . a spokesman for leicestershire police said : ' police received a call to a report of single vehicle road traffic collision on strasbourg drive . ' the vehicle involved was an orange lamborghini gallardo which collided with a bollard . ' there were no injuries for the driver and the road was closed at junction with krefield way and heachem drive while the vehicle was recovered . ' we have concluded our enquiries and there have been no arrests . '