ben stokes starred with the ball on the first day of england 's warm-up match in st kitts , but it was the runs of alastair cook and jonathan trott that pleased him most . england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi , dismissing them for a paltry 59 inside 27 overs and then compiling 181 for one in reply . the quality of the home batsmen made the first innings seem like little more than a glorified net session , though stokes still impressed with a lively spell that yielded three wickets for 10 . alastair cook plays behind square on his way to an unbeaten 95 in the tour match against a st kitts ' xi . cook and teammate jonathan trott talk in between overs during the st kitts and nevis invitational xi game . more important for england 's test prospects , though , was the stand of 158 between cook ( 95 not out ) and trott ( 72 ) . both men needed the comfort of big runs , cook having been axed from the one-day side on the eve of the world cup and trott on his first england appearance since november 2013 - a period that has seen him battle a case of situational anxiety . he now has the chance to nail down the role of cook 's opening partner and made a solid start in admittedly favourable circumstances . ' trotty and cooky gave them nothing and it will stand us in good stead for the test matches , ' said stokes . ben stokes spoke strongly about his team-mates after the two batsmen looked assured at the crease . stokes had earlier taken three for 10 in an impressive spell with the ball , as england dominated the day . ' the biggest thing for a batsman is time out in the middle . you can do all the training in the nets you want but nothing quite compares to a game and they both did that well today . trotty has been great , it is almost like he has n't left . to see him go out and score some runs , the way he has been known to for england over the last five years , was really good to see . ' stokes arguably went over the top in his assessment of cook 's knock , but with the captain having come under pressure for his lack of major scores , it could yet prove an important effort . stokes described his captain cook as one of the best players in the world after his return to form . ' it was fantastic for cooky too , ' said stokes . ' he 's been out of the game for a while so to come in and look like the one of the best batsmen in the world , like he once was , was great . the tempo he played at was fantastic and any bad ball he managed to put it away , which was good to see . ' for his part , stokes looks a certainty to return to the test side in the caribbean . having announced himself as an all-rounder of unusual promise in the 2013-14 ashes , he saw his glittering rise checked by struggles for form and fitness for long periods last year . he did not even make the cut for the world cup but now has a chance to prove his credentials once again in the longer form . trott plays to the offside to reach his fifty during the st kitts and nevis invitational xi england tour match . ' it was nice to make an impact back in the first game , even if it was just a warm-up game in an england shirt , ' he said . ' i still had the nerves there and it was pretty pleasing to do well . ' i 'm still working very hard on getting back into the team , which is what i want to do . hopefully that is just the start . ' i need performances to back that up . to keep my place i know i need to keep performing , which is something i have n't been consistent with since australia so hopefully i get a chance in the test matches here and i can build on that . ' 