a hue of blue inspired by the waters of hawaii is a prominent feature of the obama state china service being unveiled by the white house . president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation . michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ' kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . scroll down for video . went bright : michelle obama chose a bold , watery blue hue to accent the obama white house 's official china . pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893 . in that time , their high end offerings have won them an extremely discerning clientele , including : air force one . camp david . gracie mansion . king of saudia arabia . south carolina governor 's mansion . united nations . united states air force . united states department of state . source . ' it 's a modern and fresh color not previously seen on state chinas , but mrs. obama 's main goal was to create a modern service that is completely compatible and interchangeable and usable with all the historic china services , ' white house curator william allman said during a preview of tuesday 's state dinner . a fluted band of kailua blue , framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line , appears on all pieces of the service , except the dinner and serving plates . the solid white dinner plates are edged in gold ; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center . the china , which has settings for 320 people , cost approximately $ 367,000 . it was paid for from a private fund that is administered by the white house historical association and used to acquire fine and decorative arts for the presidential mansion . the state china service then-first lady laura bush unveiled in january 2009 cost $ 493,000 . it was being unveiled monday during a preview for tuesday 's state dinner for japanese prime minister shinzo abe . ' if you 've seen our state dinners , we really do a lot of mixing and matching — sometimes because we really do not have enough , sometimes because we 're trying to create a new modern , different , edgy kind of look , ' mrs. obama told architectural digest last week when she previewed the obama state china for interior design journalists and bloggers . ' this kailua blue is one of those colors that will complement some of the other pieces already in the collection in a way that 's elegant , and i think it will be timeless . ' ' kailua blue ' : michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ' kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . gold : a fluted band of kailua blue , framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line , appears on all pieces of the service , except the dinner and serving plates . the solid white dinner plates are edged in gold ; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center . long process : three years ago , in the spring of 2012 , pickard china , of antioch , illinois , was brought in to consult on the project . the company has made dinnerware for use at the camp david presidential retreat in maryland and aboard air force one . the obama state china service was paid for with money from a private fund that is used to buy fine and decorative arts for the white house and is administered by the white house historical association . the cost was not disclosed . there is no requirement for presidents to have a state china service and some , including gerald ford and george h.w . bush , had none . planning began in the fall of 2011 when mrs. obama and family friend and designer michael smith began gathering feedback from members of the white house residence staff . three years ago , in the spring of 2012 , pickard china , of antioch , illinois , was brought in to consult on the project . the company has made dinnerware for use at the camp david presidential retreat in maryland and aboard air force one . mrs. obama wanted the state china service to have modern elements but also be practical , said the white house , which was unveiling it earlier than recent administrations . each setting includes a first for presidential tableware — an individual tureen that can be used for soup , dessert or ' any other dish that the chefs get creative and decide they would like to serve with a little panache in an individual serving size , ' allman said . then-first ladies laura bush and hillary rodham clinton were not around to use the state china services they introduced just weeks before their husbands left office . obama has approximately 20 months left in his term , which ends on jan. 20 , 2017 . early debut : mrs. obama wanted the state china service to have modern elements but also be practical , said the white house , which was unveiling it earlier than recent administrations . 