south sydney hooker issac luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting an offensive comment on social media in response to attacks from canterbury bulldogs fans . the 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official instagram account on saturday in a bid to track down the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium in sydney . the rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash . but the good samaritan is now under investigation by the nrl integrity unit over an alleged homophobic slur after luke hit back to the taunts , saying : ' get off my page you lil poofters ' . south sydney star issac luke will be investigated by the nrl after posting a homophobic slur on instagram . the 27-year-old posted an offensive remark in response to to attacks from bulldogs fans on instagram . ' this is about a kid your fans knocked out . well now two kids yous [ sic ] dropped . we train at redfern come down and see if you fellas are still carrying on # rulesarerules even though it was a hard penalty to take , ' the post continued . ' i bet yous [ sic ] would 've done the same had we done it to one of your players . or we would 've have even had u gooses commenting had it happened earlier on in the game . now get off my page . ' the comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling the response ' grubby ' and ' disappointing ' . one twitter user questioned : ' i 'm assuming issac luke is one of those players the kids should be looking up to right ? ' another person wrote : ' you are grubby homophobic thug and i hope you get rubbed out of our game . ' the south sydney hooker had intended to donate a jersey to the injured young fan who was allegedly attacked . luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock during the round five nrl match between the canterbury bulldogs and the south sydney rabbitohs at anz stadium on friday night . however , many others have defended luke 's comment , with one person saying : ' gutless cowards trying to get you cause your [ sic ] a big star i know the homophobic slur was n't intentional you 've got my support . ' and another posted : ' lovely gesture . what we are proud of our players and will always cheer loud and proud for you all . ' but luke 's comment was quickly removed and he has since apologised for his offensive remark . ' i just want to apologise for what i said to fans , ' he posted . ' i was very worried and my emotion got the better of me i did n't meant to offend anyone . just tip me up if i 'm being sill peeps [ sic ] . ' the comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling the response ' grubby ' . along with his apology , luke confirmed that he has managed to find two young people who were involved in the alleged attack . the nrl has issued a statement to fairfax media stating ' rugby league is a game for everyone regardless of race , colour , religion , ability or sexuality ' . ' as an inclusive game , we do not tolerate discrimination in any form . this is an important matter , and it is certainly one which we will take up with souths . ' luke 's post comes after waratahs forward jacques potgieter was fined $ 10,000 by the aru for making an on-field homophobic slur . the comment was shortly deleted and luke has since made a public apology over his offensive remark . the revelation follows after rabbitohs ' sealed a bitter 18-17 victory against the bulldogs at anz stadium . many others have defended luke 's offensive remarks , saying it was a ' lovely gesture ' to find the injured fan . the revelation follows after rabbitohs ' sealed a bitter 18-17 victory against the bulldogs during the good friday showdown after a last-gasp penalty ended in controversy . as nrl referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder and two men have been identified for allegedly throwing bottles .