a sydney anti-ageing doctor has been found guilty of medical misconduct after it was revealed she had been inappropriately prescribing drugs such as steroids and hormones to her patients . dr julie epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients , some of whom had trouble with similar drugs in the past . the doctor , who opened one of nsw 's first anti-ageing clinics , has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission ( hccc ) for her conduct between august 2007 and august 2009 , fairfax media reports . sydney anti-ageing doctor julie epstein ( not pictured ) has been found guilty of medical misconduct . on monday the nsw civil and administrative tribunal found that dr epstein had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances ' without exercising responsible medical judgement ' . the tribunal also revealed that some patients receiving these medications , such as bodybuilders and bouncers , had a history of abusing such substances . other patients that visited dr epstein , who currently works at atarmon on sydney 's north shore , were a woman with a history of mental illness and eating disorders , someone who was hiv positive , and another with warning signs of prostate cancer . the fact that the anti-ageing doctor failed to measure patients body weight or body mass index before prescribing dosages , and simply took patients ' word on symptoms were also aired at the tribunal . the doctor is well known practitioner and has previously appeared in the media commenting on anti-ageing practices and similar areas . a tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records . dr epstein also neglected to keep accurate or comprehensive records , and failed in communication with referring doctors . the five medications she prescribed were , according to fairfax media 's report , anastrozole ( arimidex ) , human chorionic gonadotrophin , human growth hormone , nandrolone deconoate and testosterone . while the doctor prescribed drugs 'off-record ' , which means for a use other than their intended purpose , this in itself is not illegal . but the tribunal found that in conjuction with her other questionable practices , it was ' difficult to find the practitioner 's off-label prescribing as conforming to acceptable medical practice ' . dr epstein 's barrister , philip greenwood sc asked the tribunal not to align his client 's anti-ageing practice with that of conventional medicine . mr greenwood cited numerous medical studies which supported her actions , which were also supported by innovation in the industry . dr epstein has been a medical practitioner for 40 years and currently works in artarmon on sydney 's north-short ( pictured ) . however lawyers for the hccc argued the case was not about the validity dr epstein 's anti-ageing practices but her responsibility as a practitioner . the anti-ageing doctor had previously warned in 2007 about the prescription of steroids , and came to the attention of authorities again when a patient had the drugs seized when travelling overseas . following these instances , restrictions were placed on her medical licence in 2009 . during a hearing last year dr epstein said she had changed her procedures to include physical checks of her patients . she spoke about her four decade long medical history , and spoke about her interest in ' preventative medicine ' . but the tribunal deemed her practice as ' naive ' , ' emotionally swayed ' , and in some cases ' placed her patients at risk ' . a hearing set to be held in april will determine whether dr epstein 's medical licence will be cancelled .