the avengers have battled to save earth from an alien invasion , the evil loki and now , in the latest movie , face off against the killing machine ultron . they do this , of course , with the help of numerous superpowers - including iron man’s suit , super-healing abilities and captain america’s indestructible shield . but just how scientifically sound are some of these powers , and do any of them hold up to the laws of physics and chemistry as we know them ? scroll down for video . the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of iron man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield . the video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities . in a video for reactions , the american chemical society took a look at the science of marvel 's avengers . it begins looking at tony stark , better known as iron man when he dons his iron suit of armour . his original suit , made only of iron , would have weighed around 70kg ( 150lbs ) according to the acs - not very comfortable or easy to move around in . he later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but that would actually make things worse explained the video . ‘ that suit would probably weigh around 160kg ( 350lbs ) , which might work for the hulk but not for tony stark , ’ said the narrator . however , dr raychelle burks continued that it is later made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol . this is ‘ strong but light , and can be reformed after taking damage , ’ she said . ‘ there may also be some graphite reinforced with carbon fibre , which can take a lot of heat - useful if iron man doesn’t want to singe his feet using those rocket boots . ’ tony stark , better known as iron man when he dons his iron suit of armour and played by robert downey jnr ( pictured ) , made his original suit out of iron . he later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but according to the acs that would be heavy and uncomfortable - perhaps better for the hulk than iron man himself . none of this would work , though , without stark’s own portable nuclear power station - the arc reactor . in iron man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character . so instead , he creates a new element - and dr burks said this might not be as far-fetched as it seems . he uses his own particle accelerator to smash the nuclei of atoms together and make a new type of atom , which is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as cern . ‘ scientists have made 20 synthetic elements this way , so it’s not unbelievable that stark would have made new elements to power his suit , ’ said dr burks . the main skeleton of raytheon ; s exoskeleton , shown , is made from high-strength aluminium and steel , and weighs about 95kg ( 209lb ) . iron man’s superpowers don’t stem from a radioactive spider bite or exposure to gamma rays ; they are simply the result of some very clever engineering - and quite a bit of money too . it makes sense then that we should try to replicate his powerful suit , and some companies are already coming incredibly close . raytheon , an american defence contractor , has developed a super-strong robotic exoskeleton for the us army . soldiers can simply strap into the suit and its high-pressure hydraulic system will enhance their strength , agility and endurance , enabling them to be extremely physically active without risk of exhaustion or injury . the current version must be tethered to its power source , an internal combustion hydraulics engine , but an untethered version is expected to be operational by 2020 . it’s not just the military that can benefit from exoskeletons , though , as lockheed martin has also designed a suit specifically to help workers operate heavy machinery . the fortis helps to carry the weight of tools , enabling the operator to work for longer between breaks required to recover from muscle fatigue . source : how it works issue 72 , 'real-life superpowers ' . tony stark 's suit is powered by his famous arc reactor , but in iron man 2 , we learn that its palladium fuel source is slowly killing him . so instead , stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems as it follows somewhat similar principles to those taking place at cern . stark isn’t the only one with super-human abilities , though . both captain america and black widow have super strength , quick reflexes - and , most interestingly - the ability to heal quickly . ‘ in normal healing , a type of white blood cell called a macrophage fights infections and oversees the repair process , ’ explains dr burks . while this can take two to five days in regular humans , the macrophages of captain american and black widow appear to be super productive , helping them heal even more quickly . both captain america ( left ) and black widow ( right ) have super strength and quick reflexes , while and - most interestingly - the ability to heal quickly . this could be due to having advanced macrophages , which let them fight infections and repair their bodies much quicker than us regular humans . and captain america also has his shield as protection , which can deflect bullets , grenades , lasers and so on . most of its protection appears to come from steel , although this is not a great shock absorber - and somehow captain america is able to survive even the heaviest of blows from thor’s hammer . the reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium which , while fictional , has some science at its core . captain america also has his shield as protection , which can deflect bullets , grenades , lasers and so on . the reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium - which , while fictional , has some science at its core . it appears that this material can turn vibrational energy from an impact into light energy . ‘ this material can absorb a near infinite amount of vibration energy without getting too hot or melting , ’ explains dr burks . as evidenced by a flash of light as thor’s hammer hits the shield , it appears this material can ‘ convert vibrational energy to light energy , ’ keeping the captain safe . of course , you have to suspend disbelief just a bit to assume this is possible - but perhaps the avengers have more of a root in science than you thought .