britain 's first black prime minister will be a conservative , david cameron will claim today . in a bid to woo ethnic minority voters , mr cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on . he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . scroll down for video . mr cameron will say the conservative party will one day be the party of the first black or asian prime minister . highlighting margaret thatcher’s record as britain’s first – and only – female prime minister , he will say : ‘we’re the party of the first female prime minister . the party of the first jewish prime minister . and i know that , one day , we’re going to be the party of the first black or asian prime minister . ’ ‘ i want this to be an opportunity country , where no matter who you are or where you’re from ; whether you’re black , white , asian or mixed race – whether you’re from the inner city or rural heartlands , you can make the most of your talents . ’ the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid , the only current asian tory seen as a potential contender . it is designed to tackle the tories’ long-standing difficulty in attracting support from britain’s growing ethnic minority electorate . the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid ( pictured ) , the only current asian tory seen as a potential contender . a report by the runnymede trust think-tank last week warned that suspicion of the tories among ethnic minority voters could cost the party nine seats at next month’s election and 50 within a decade . some senior tories believe mr cameron has done too little to address the party’s reputation among ethnic minority voters – and warn that the party could face similar problems to the us republicans unless it acts quickly . mr cameron will today pledge to ensure that , by the next election , at least 20 per cent of tory candidates in seats where a conservative mp is standing down will be from an ethnic minority background . the figure this year is 18 per cent . at the time of the last census in 2011 , 14 per cent of the uk population was identified as black or minority ethnic . but the prime minister will today set targets to achieve 20 per cent ethnic representation in the recruitment of police officers . the current figure is just 8.3 per cent . a 10 per cent target will also be set for the armed forces , to hit 20 per cent in the long term . at present the figure for recruits is 5.7 per cent . new targets will also be set to increase by 20 per cent the number of black and ethnic minority students going to university , being offered apprenticeships and getting jobs . mr cameron will say : ‘ our mission is to make sure that as our economy recovers , people from every community share in that prosperity . ‘ but there are more specific things we can do to make sure we spread opportunity to every community . so i’m setting some ambitious but realistic aspirations for the next five years , specifically for the black and minority ethnic communities . ’ boris johnson has said britain needs to train more crane drivers and it experts to stop migrants filling jobs . the mayor of london claimed the uk has too many hairdressers and not enough young people learning to do the jobs the economy needs . he said the country’s it industry desperately needs computer programmers , while building sites need crane operators – and both are often forced to depend on foreign labour . mr johnson said colleges had to work more closely with businesses to teach teenagers the skills they need to land well-paid jobs , which would help to reduce the reliance on migrants . he said he did not want to ‘ tell talented foreigners to bog off’ , but to ensure young people growing up in the uk were able to take the high-skilled jobs which have seen average wages start to rise . the mayor , who is the tory candidate for uxbridge and south ruislip , told mailonline : ‘ do we need more crane operators and fewer hairdressers ? i think the answer to that at the moment is yes . do we need more people who can do coding for it , the answer is absolutely yes . ‘ we have a desperate shortage of those sorts of skills ... we have got to up-skill the uk labour force . ’ 