ever fancied driving the batmobile straight from the big screen and into your street ? or perhaps you 've always yearned to take the ghostbusters ' cadillac for a spin ? well now it 's possible to do both thanks to brothers marc and shanon parker - who have designed and built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved ghostbusters car - or ecto-1 as the spook-hunting team call it . the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie , as well as a tron-inspired motorbike . scroll down for video . park your eyes on these beauties : the parker brothers ' batman tumbler and ghostbusters cadillac . fuelling envy : designer shanon parker fills up his ecto-1 at a petrol station in port canaveral , florida . marc said : ' we get a lot of reactions in the street - a lot of times people will come up next to us and box us in , wanting to take pictures . ' we test-drove one of our motorcycles on the road and the police were called because we were causing a traffic jam . if you 're doing something that 's causing that kind of reaction , you know you 're doing something right . ' take bat ! the brothers ' impressive version of the tumbler , batman 's car in the dark knight trilogy . attention to detail : the number plate and interior are very similar to the original batmobile . real deal : the tumbler in the 2005 movie batman begins , which was directed by christopher nolan . the car-crazy brothers from port canaveral , florida , started building versions of the vehicles they most loved for their own enjoyment four years ago . marc , 45 , said : ' we did n't have the money to pay people to customise vehicles for us , and what we needed did n't exist so we had to learn to build our parts . ' every part of the tumbler was made from scratch in our shop - the frame , chassis , wheels , glass , everything . ' i do n't know what it cost to build - i 'd probably cry if i looked into it - but as far as value , it 's one of the most expensive vehicles we own . ' prime mover : a truck made to look like autobot optimus prime in last year 's transformers : age of extinction . neat fleet : marc ( left ) and shanon show off their tron-inspired bike and other vehicles at their workshop . he and shanon , 44 , have now turned their hobby into a business - called parker brothers concepts - and they hire out their movie-inspired cars and motorbikes to fans . they also customise standard cars and bikes for clients , several of whom are famous . shanon is in charge of design , while mechanic marc brings the drawings to life in the brothers ' workshop . he said : ' we mostly deal with a lot of celebrities and royalty since they have disposable income . ' we 've had clients like 50 cent , flo rida , lil wayne and john cena , and have done work for universal pictures . ' the movie cars are used in promotions or premiers - clients want something that can be driven around rather than sit there like any other prop . ' some of these cars can cost upwards of close to a million dollars , depending on what it is . ' classic car in a classic movie : the real ecto-1 being driven in the 1984 blockbuster ghostbusters . almost identical : the parker brothers ' version makes a fuel stop - and puts the other cars in the shade . it has n't always been an easy ride , however . marc said : ' shanon thinks if he can draw it , i can build it - but it 's more difficult than that . ' he knows very little about mechanics so he 's not limited like a lot of designers who have engineering degrees - there 's nothing holding him back when it comes to design . ' in the beginning we fought because we come from different realms but now it 's a back-and-forth process . ' made to order : the brothers in a hummer suv that they customised to look like an army tank for a customer . rev-elations : marc on one of his bikes , and the green machine that has won a world record . the brothers ' ingenuity has earned them a place in the guinness world records , namely for their ' green machine ' , which was commissioned by the huffy bike company for the re-release of the 1970s toy of the same name . the parkers ' version has a 43-inch ( 109-cm ) front wheel - the largest ever wheel on a three-wheeled motorbike - and is powered by a harley davidson motor . marc said : ' when someone says it ca n't be built , we got ta build it - we push ourselves and show people that you do n't have to be limited to what 's out on the market . ' we always want to get that wow factor . and when it 's finished , it 's like seeing a kid being born . '