steve bruce is adamant he can keep hull city in the barclays premier league after a 2-0 defeat by southampton left them battling to stay up . at the start of the campaign bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive , but despite a strong start his hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping ' nine or eight might be enough . ' hull were the better side against southampton for the first 45 minutes but a james ward-prowse penalty and late strike from graziano pelle meant they left with nothing . steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation . they now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united . but bruce insisted : ' everyone is up for the challenge and i 'm sure and convinced that we 'll do it . if we keep remaining positive i 'm convinced we can take a couple of results which will take us over the line . ' we 've had a wonderful three years near enough from getting promoted to getting to a cup final , staying up last year . i 've always had something in my water that this season would be the most difficult because all of a sudden you 've created an expectation and unfortunately we have n't been able to live up to that expectation . hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton on saturday and are just two points clear of the drop zone . ' we 've got our reasons for it , we 've still got enough to keep us out of trouble i hope . we 're bang in it but i 'm still convinced we 'll get out of it . ' bruce puts their struggles down to several long-term injuries to key players . at st mary 's stadium , mohamed diame returned from five months out and james chester from three . michael dawson and nikica jelavic have missed half the season and robert snodgrass has not been available at all . bruce added : ' they are big players for us and unfortunately , at this moment , we have n't been able to cope . we 've battled on manfully but not quite been good enough . ' james ward-prowse slots home a penalty for southampton against hull as they moved up to fifth . ronald koeman 's side moved to fifth in the table ahead of tottenham , who lost to aston villa , and liverpool , who play newcastle on monday . but the dutchman left with his own problems , after he had to intervene when sadio mane tried to take the penalty when ward-prowse was first-choice . koeman will speak to his squad to remind them that team rules can not be broken by anyone . koeman said : ' i already had a word with mane but we will talk to the team about that because maybe i have to mention it a bit more clearly . '