rodrigo alves , who is best known as the new human ken doll after reportedly spending more than than $ 265,000 on plastic surgery , is set to appear on the new season of the e ! reality show botched , this time as a mentor for another patient . the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants . after doctors in the uk started turning him away , he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching botched doctors dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif about getting back implants on last season 's show , who ultimately said no to his request . ' he wanted to look like tarzan or hercules ... a skinny hercules to build up his back so he would n't have to work out , ' dr dubrow told people . ' it was crazy . ' scroll down for video . barbie world : rodrigo alves , who is dubbed the new human ken doll after having 30 plastic surgeries , is appearing on the new season of the e ! reality show botched . blue steel : the 31-year-old flight attendant showed off his tan when he posed for this selfie this week . but the outlet reports that mr alves wo n't be looking for more procedures this time around . instead , he is visiting the reality show to ' assist another patient ' . ' it 's not gratuitous at all . he 's extremely helpful , ' dr dubrow said . while dr dubrow said that mr alves ' look is not their ' aesthetic ' per se , he noted that the show 's guest star has n't asked for any of his surgeries to be reversed . last week , mr alves took to instagram promote his appearance on the show , writing : ' catch me on botched 2 on e ! premier is on the 14th [ sic ] . ' sculpted silicon : rodrigo , who has had pec and six-pack implants , confidently flaunted his body in a zebra print speedo . before and after : two months ago , rodrigo shared a photo of his ' old face ' ( l ) and his ' new face ' ( r ) . strike a pose : the london flight attendant lounged seductively in a lounge chair for this snapshot . fine diing : rodrigo can be seen enjoying a meal while taking in the beach side view . back in january , mr alves flew to colombia for his most recent set of surgeries . the six-in-one procedure , which cost nearly $ 75,000 , included his fourth nose job , an operation to fix his droopy eyes and another to pin his toes back . he also had the surgeons cut the skin around his mouth and gums to make his smile bigger . but despite already undergoing dozens of procedures , mr alves has admitted that he will never stop going under the knife because he is dedicated to his continuous transformation . resort living : rodrigo and a bikini-clad friend struck a pose while they hung out poolside . good times : rodrigo can be seen enjoying a pool party in las vegas . coy smiles : rodrigo snapped this selfie while traveling . tropical paradise : rodrigo took this selfie during a recent trip to antigua . ongoing process : he snapped this picture of his bandaged nose nine days after one of his surgery . 'it’s a long process , ' he said . ' it is long-term maintenance . once you start , it is difficult to stop . naturally i’m a perfectionist . it’s like a snowball effect and i’m not going to stop . ' it doesn’t define the man that i am - i’m much more than silicone and cosmetic surgery - but once you get started it’s difficult to stop . ’ mr alves had his first surgery in 2004 after he moved to london and found himself feeling unattractive compared to the people he met . a generous inheritance from his grandfather allowed him to embark on his questing with perfection , beginning with a nose job . ' i do n't think that i will really regret anything in the future , ' he said in january . ' i really believe that everything i 've done to myself was an investment . ' bathroom break : rodrigo stopped to strike a pose during a trip to the restroom . always moving : rodrigo wore a pale blue suit while he took selfies in the backseat of a car . jet setter : he these photos of himself during one of his many trips . after being turned away by doctors in the uk , rodrigo now travels to other countries for his surgeries . similar style : rodrigo snapped a selfie with his ' sister from another doctor ' . sunny day : rodrigo listened to music and laid in the sun during one of his many trips to the beach .