these stunning pictures show a trio of daredevil bikers dicing with death as they leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves . the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset , on sunday by photographer jack davies . the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , andrei burton , 29 , and joe seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below . mr davies said : ' it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below andrei , crashing against jagged rocks , also the wind plays a big factor , threatening to blow them off course whilst in the air . ' it 's a sport based around precision and getting your landing inch perfect . if the wind blows too hard it can completely alter your course in the air and throw you off the bike . ' ' it was a really interesting day and so exhilarating to watch the riders launching themselves over the rocks . ' it 's not the first time the riders have pulled such a daredevil stunt - last year mr burton and mr seddon took part in a promotional video to highlight the need to increase space for cyclists in london by cycling over some of the capital 's top landmarks . scroll down for video . stunning : the trio of bikers were captured as they made leaps of faith at portland rock , off the coast of weymouth in dorset on sunday . breathtaking : the bikers were just 10 metres from the choppy waters below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday . heart-stopping : joe seddon , 19 , previous british elite champion and international competitor , balances on the back wheel of his bike . renowned : the trio of bikers were made up professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , andrei burton , 29 , and joe seddon , 19 . leap of faith : andrei burton , former ukelite championship winner and sixth world champion , shows no fear as he leaps over the sea . fearless : one of the riders , jack gear , says the wind can play a major factor , threatening to blow them off course while in the air . balancing act : one of the riders takes a leap of faith an almost misses as he hangs from a rock by the front tyre of his bike . dangerous : andrei burton ( pictured ) has also ridden for top gear live and is an ambassador for the surfwear brand saltrock . skills : it 's not the first time the riders have carried out such daredevil stunts - last year they cycled over london landmarks for a promotional video demonstrating the need for space on the capital 's roads . professional : the stunning photographs were captured by jack davies in dorset on sunday as the bikers tested out their skills . leap : photographer , jack davies , said : ' it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below andrei , crashing against jagged rocks ' . break time : the riders take a well deserved rest as the sun sets over portland rock after an afternoon of biking over the cliff edge . 