alan stubbs hailed the bravery of his hibs players after they ruined hearts’ easter road title party with a 2-0 derby win . he saw his men hold on to second place in the championship with a second straight win , building momentum after a run of three consecutive defeats – and setting them up for saturday’s scottish cup semi-final against falkirk . stubbs , who had seen his team play well but fail to beat hearts in three previous outings this season , said his players had answered those who asked if they had the bottle to win at the business end of the season . ‘ two weeks ago we were being questioned , ’ said stubbs after goals from jason cummings and farid el alagui saw them remain level on points with rangers , who have a game in hand . ‘ people were asking if this was the wobble and was this hibs ; season ending again . alan stubbs saw his side record a win in the edinburgh derby to put hearts ' promotion party on hold . ‘ football can change very quickly . suddenly after two results we are building momentum again . i think the players have always answered the criticism . ‘ when you have played well against the champions , as we have done this season , and not got three points , i think it is important . ‘ sometimes it can just linger on and it puts self-doubt in not just the players’ minds but the fans’ minds as well . i was proud of the players today , i really was . they were courageous and brave so i am delighted for them . ’ stubbs singled out el alagui for special praise . the striker – not long back from seven months out with an achilles injury – played brilliantly before securing victory with his injury-time finish . ‘i’m absolutely delighted for him , ’ said the hibs manager . ‘ he has had a really tough seven months , with a horrendous injury . i don’t think people understood just how bad the injury was and the fact he is back playing now is all credit to him . hearts captain danny wilson picks the ball out of the back of the net after his side concede a second goal . ‘ the surgeon deserves praise for the procedure he did and it’s great to have him back , because he is something we have missed . i think farid is only going to get better , he is still not where we would like him to be . he needs more strength and speed put into him , but he will get that by playing games and working on his programme . ’ hibs defender jordon forster admitted he’d been motivated by a desire to silence the gloating hearts fans , saying : ‘ as much as you try and block out what the hearts fans are planning , you see it on social media and in the papers . you know the fans are doing this and that . ‘you’d be lying if you said you don’t hear the fans during the game . i like a bit of banter because it’s the fans’ day as well as the players . you can use it to your motivation , as long as you don’t let it affect your game in a negative way . ‘it’s all a bit of fun . they have won the league - but we get the bragging rights for today . the hibernian fans were in good spirits at full-time after getting one over their city rivals . ‘it’s probably the most important derby win i’ve been involved in . my debut was special and i’ll always remember it but it was vital to get three points and keep the pressure on rangers . ‘ all we can do is keep winning games until the end of the season and see where it takes us . they ( rangers ) go to tynecastle at the end of the season and if we win all our games we need them to drop points somewhere . if we stay focused it could be a really good season for the club and the fans . ’ 