may is a magical month , and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full . here katie rowe explores just some of them . east lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar . lancashire’s wartime weekend . pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend . east lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar , and this year’s event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever . spot captain mainwaring lookalikes in the battle re-enactments , do your best lindy hop to the sounds of 1940s-style bands , ogle vintage cars and indulge in a cream tea on a steam train . wander on the isle of wight . there’s no better way to discover the isle of wight’s many beauty spots than walking – and the island’s walking festival offers the ideal chance to pull on your boots and go exploring . the event is spread across two weeks from may 2 to 17 and there are over 200 walks to choose from , including a hike through the walled garden , pleasure grounds and terraces of osborne house . alternatively , you could join the taste of wight walk to visit top gourmet spots while soaking up serene coastal views – or how about an exotic alpaca trek ? the cotswolds olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by local barrister robert dover . see the eccentric cotswolds . for english eccentricity at its very finest , head to the cotswolds olimpicks . started by a local barrister , captain robert dover , the world’s inaugural ‘ olimpick games’ were staged on a cotswold hillside in 1612 . today , the annual event near chipping campden – this year held on may 29 – attracts thousands of spectators as ‘athletes’ take part in obstacle courses and tugs-of-war , as well as the extremely peculiar sport of shin-kicking . seven cars hang from giant clothes pegs on a wire in brighton as part of the annual art festival fringe street theatre . fringe benefits in brighton . no one does flamboyance quite like brighton , and you’ll see this unique city at its very best every may when the brighton fringe and brighton festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow . cabaret , comedy , club nights , burlesque , street performance and theatre combine to make up an eclectic programme of events for the world’s third-largest fringe festival . and if that wasn’t enough , the brighton festival – the largest multi-arts festival in england – runs alongside from may 2 to 24 . highlights include appearances from ventriloquist nina conti and award-winning author margaret atwood . norwich cathedral will be expecting to shine bright this summer as it hosts the norfolk & norwich festival . a masterful display in norwich . with a plethora of high- profile exhibitions and festivals taking place in norwich throughout spring and summer , the east anglian city is proving to be england’s latest cultural heavyweight . you can see priceless van goghs , cezannes and picassos sitting side by side at the sainsbury centre for visual art until july 26 . francis bacon and the masters is the biggest exhibition of its kind to take place in norwich , showcasing 100 works , many of which are on loan from the hermitage museum in st petersburg and have never exhibited in europe before . visit between may 8 and 24 and you’ll be able to enjoy everything from theatre in a country house to classical music in norwich cathedral as part of the norfolk & norwich festival . for more ideas on days out , go to visitengland.com . 