archaeologists have discovered a previously unknown stretch of the great wall of china in the northwestern of the country , thought to date back more than 2,000 years . experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch ( 10 kilometres ) means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time . nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region , reported the people 's daily online . still standing : new sections of the great wall discovered by a team of experts in northwestern china . historic : this stretch , measuring more than 6 miles long , is thought to date back more than 2,000 years . remote : the ruins range along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region . the new stretch , ranging between jingyuan county and nanchangtan village , was discovered by a team led by zhou xinghua , renowned great wall researcher and the former head of ningxia museum . historical documents had suggested that the emperor qin ordered for the great wall to start in gansu province and run east into the ningxia region and inner mongolia , but physical evidence in this particular area has never been found until now . mr zhou said china 's first emperor ordered for the stretch to be built along the yellow river to stop invaders crossing it when it was frozen . while parts of the great wall date back to about 700 bc , the first complete wall was built during the reign of china 's first emperor , qin shihuang , from about 220 bc after the country had been unified for the first time . the newly discovered section of the wall was constructed using stones and rammed earth , with some parts built on top of the mountain ranges and others running along valleys . some of the ruins are only three feet high due to natural degradation , but originally the wall could have been as tall as 20 feet . other sections : archive photos of the qin dynasty great wall which is thought to be built around 215 ad . landmark : a monument is placed near the ruins of the qin dynasty great wall , which was built by the first emperor to have unified china . there are no surviving records of the exact length of the qin wall , and much of the original wall has eroded away leaving few sections behind . the great wall is actually made up of many different structures built across northern china and southern mongolia over a number of dynasties . the best known and most visible section today is the ming wall , constructed from 1368 to 1644 . the formidable fortress covers approximately 5,500 miles from the jiayu pass in gansu province and the shanhai pass in hebei province . however , it was revealed in 2012 that the wall is actually 13,170 miles long – more than double the previous estimate . a chinese university is spending nearly £450,000 on building their very own great wall of china . wuhan institute of bioengineering is currently constructing the replica as a patriotic educational tool that will also get students doing more exercise , according to the people 's daily online . the ' campus great wall ' will act as a walkway that connects the university 's two sites , covering a distance of 1.6 kilometres – more than 13,000 times shorter than the original . replica : students at the wuhan institute of bioengineering are climbing their own great wall on campus . the university said the project , which is yet to be completed , is ' not a cheap replica ' and the wall looks to copy the original as closely as possible . the project aims to provide students with an opportunity to get to grips with the country 's rich cultural history through copies of carvings from the original , as well as famous paintings and poems . a spokesman for the university said in a statement : ' it fulfils a patriotic educational purpose as the great wall is a historic achievement by the chinese people ' .