faced with deplorable conditions at a ‘horrendous’ hotel in cyprus , two lads from cambridge tried to make the most of it by creating a hilarious video diary for their friends back home . the three-and-a-half minute video , titled ‘ never letting him book a hotel again’ , offers a glimpse into every traveller’s nightmare – dirty rooms , antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter . with scenes reminiscent of the inbetweeners films , the video was created by patrick miller and his friend , damien , who stayed at the family-run hotel last week when they travelled to the mediterranean island for a friend’s wedding . patrick miller , from cambridge , ' swims ' in the shallow end of the pool , which does n't have any water . the deep end of the swimming pool at the hotel was filled with green sludge , dead insects and debris . patrick miller , a self-employed personal trainer , created the amusing video with friend damien rigden . patrick said in the video , which has thousands of views on facebook and youtube , that he allowed damien to book the room , and they thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights . but it didn’t live up to its billing and it did n't match the photos they saw online , as the pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever . at the start of the tongue-in-cheek video , patrick tells the camera : ‘ i left all the planning to him . ‘ he booked the accommodation and flights . he told me it was a four-star hotel , i was chuffed , and this little video’s going to show you how it panned out . ’ patrick 's friend , damien , stands under an outdoor shower , which no longer works , near the swimming pool . this screen grab from the pair 's video shows the hot tub filled with stagnant water and dead flies . the pair explored the hotel , including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets , in the video . it shows the pair looking annoyed during a flight delay at the airport before they were ‘squashed’ on the plane with very little legroom . things got worse at the hotel , where they found an unstaffed and empty bar , and a disgusting scene inside the outdoor swimming pool . patrick , wearing his swimming trunks , decides to get a closer look at he climbs down the rickety ladder . the self-employed personal trainer says : ‘ i might go for a quick dip . don’t mind if i do . it’s lovely in here’ . patrick miller stands in uncut , waist-high grass on the grounds of the 'four-star ' hotel in cyprus . the lads ' hotel room overlooked a dirty car park , where a lorry was abandoned , and a busy road . the camera then pans to show him ‘swimming’ on the floor of the shallow end of the pool , which has no water . it then pans even further to the deep end , which is filled with green sludge , dead insects and debris . they find the same problems when patrick checks out the hot tub . he sarcastically tells damien : ‘ oh , ledge , i fancy a jacuzzi before we play tennis . oh no , i think there’s a fly in the water . ’ later scenes show a tennis court without the net strung up , an outdoor shower that doesn’t work , a depressing hotel room view of a dirt car park with an abandoned lorry , paint peeling off the walls , and lights that don’t work or fittings that are missing altogether . at one point in the video patrick miller stands on the dilapidated tennis court with no nets strung up . the hotel 's grounds were a fiasco , with overgrown grass and trees and dead flowers . the grounds are a fiasco , with overgrown waist-high grass and trees , dead flowers and downed tree branches . in the end , patrick said , the holidaymakers got what they paid for from their £15-a-night hotel room , which looked perfect online . he added : ' but when the taxi driver dropped us off there were no lights on at the hotel and no one at reception , so we were a bit scared and wondered what we had come to . the pair stayed at the hotel while they attended a friend 's wedding on the mediterranean island . patrick said the staff were friendly but they spoke very little english , ' so it was a struggle ' to communicate . ' our room was n't too bad , the sheets were clean and there was hot water , but when we looked in another bathroom there was n't even a toilet . ' he said the hotel was ' horrendous ' , but they decided to stay as it was just for a couple of days . ' outside it was like a ghost town , there was no one about and no atmosphere . the staff were friendly but could n't speak much english so it was a struggle . ' we tried to point out the problems but they could n't really understand . we decided to just get on with it and make the best of it . '