england full back mike brown is still showing signs of concussion and may not play again until the world cup warm-up matches in august . nine weeks after being knocked out in the rbs 6 nations test against italy , brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to harlequins . conor o'shea , harlequins director of rugby , has ruled the 29-year-old out of saturday 's aviva premiership match against sale and he is not expected to face bath the following week . england star mike brown could miss the rest of the season after failing to recover from concussion . brown was taken off after clashing with italy's andrea masi during the six nations match in february . brown has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury and has been advised not to play . ' he has headaches throughout the day , ' explained o'shea . ' he 's frustrated because he wants to help his team-mates . what 's even more frustrating is he ca n't contribute in meetings . he ca n't even be in the room to help people because we 're sending him home to get himself right . i want to see mike brown right when he is in his 50s , not when he is in his prime . ' brown was knocked cold in an accidental collision during england 's 47-17 victory over italy at twickenham in february and forced to leave the field . he missed the next game against ireland but played against scotland and in the championship decider against france after which he admitted he ' did n't feel quite right ' . assuming harlequins do not reach the champions cup play-offs , brown 's last chance to feature before the end of the season will be in the final-round fixture against newcastle . ' you ca n't rule out the possibility that he might not play again this season , ' said o'shea . ' do i think he 'll be right for bath ? i do n't think so . do i think we 're looking at newcastle ? yes , but if he 's not right then , he 's not right . ' feb 14 : knocked out in 13th minute of england 's rbs 6 nations fixture against italy following huge collision with andrea masi . feb 25 : ruled out of england 's test against ireland after failing to come through the necessary safety tests . mar 14 : played 76 minutes in england 's calcutta cup victory over scotland . mar 21 : played full game in england 's final-round victory over france . mar 23 : stood down by club medical staff on day of his return to harlequins . cleared to have a week-long holiday in dubai to aid recovery . mar 28 : sidelined for aviva premiership match against saracens . apr 11 : sidelined for aviva premiership match against gloucester . brown , who is not even allowed to train on an indoor bike until he is symptom free , is england head coach stuart lancaster 's first-choice full back going into the world cup and o'shea backs the player to regain his form quickly . england play a double-header against france in august , before facing ireland in their third and final warm-up fixture in september . ' he 'll have the world cup warm-ups and he 'll be fine , ' said o'shea . ' the world cup is not an issue at all . mentally , mike brown is unflappable and will just get on with it . with your england hat on , you might say this enforced break is the best thing for his limbs . what he 's been told to do is take complete and utter rest . we normally have to pull him away from extra training but he 'll look back on this window and learn from it . ' he will not undergo a normal return to play procedure now — it will be a more extensive procedure . it 's not about quins ; it 's about mike . as a club , we 've looked after the player and did n't have a second thought about standing him down the monday he came in . this is n't like the old days — it 's not a badge of honour to play on any more . ' harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea says that he does not blame the england for brown 's injury . having played only six of quins ' last 19 fixtures , brown will gain valuable game time in the england preparation games . it raises the question as to whether he was rushed back too early , although o'shea does not lay any blame at england 's door . ' i 'm not remotely frustrated at them , ' said o'shea . ' mike was honest enough to pull himself out from the irish game and everyone has a duty of care towards the player . ' even a slight intimation that anyone does not look after the player 's best interests is just wrong . ' brown breaks clear to score the opening try for harlequins against bath at twickenham last year . 