they are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two . these three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints . indeed , church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion . however , in the case of annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , they have found a way to exist within the mormon universe - often with the help of local mormon leaders . scroll down for video . struggles : grayson moore , left with his mother , and annabel jensen , right , have both transitioned gender . grayson used to be grace and annabel was once christopher . changed : sara jade woodhouse , above , changed gender much later in life . as a man , she had married and fathered a child . as an extensive profile of the three in the salt lake tribune newspaper reveals , the three have managed stay devout members of the church while navigating the difficulties of their gender identity . according to the tribune , around 30 transgender mormons meet every week in a support group , and have started to get the attention of senior church members . grayson moore , 22 , is a math student at the university of utah , and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high . until then , he had been known as grace , but made the decision to throw out his girls ' clothes , swap his name to grayson and start living as a male . therapy : moore , pictured above at home in syracuse , utah , started taking testosterone hormones several years after switching to wearing boys ' clothes . several years later he began testosterone therapy , which has made his body more masculine . he attends an all-male congregation , but is officially still listed as female by the church . he told the tribune that after being told about gender identity disorder by his mother , he prayed to god asking ' am i your son ? ' and felt the answer was ' yes ' . while he understood the change would be hard , he said ' there was a bigger risk in not transitioning . ' accepted : jensen told how she was welcomed when telling a mormon bishop of her transgender identity . ' living that lie was killing me . ' annabel jensen , who was born christopher , got as far as being ordained as a mormon elder and was lined up to go on a two-year mission before she confronted her identity as a woman . she came out to her family , who told her she could n't wear women 's clothes and insisted on using her old name . jensen , who is estranged from her parents and siblings , now lives alone and has started taking hormones to be more female . she said : ' one of my brothers sent me a text calling me a monster . i miss my family , but i do n't want to visit . it 's become too painful . ' however , she has found solace in the church , and says the bishop of her ward was unambiguous about letting her join in . she remembers him saying : ' i do n't know anything about being a transgender mormon - but it 's my job to welcome you . ' sara jade woodhouse had already grown up , and had a wife a child by the time she embraced her female identity , which she says she felt since grade school . she separated from her wife after deciding she could go no longer without changing her identity . she explained the switch to her daughter , then five , who said she found it ' weird ' but looked forward to playing dolls with her . woodhouse remains devout but is not allowed to attend the relief society - an all-female organization within the church . difficult : woodhouse has not been allowed to participate in some female mormon activities , but says that she believes her gender identity is compatible with mormon teachings . however , she believes that church doctrine on gender being eternal and unchangeable is compatible with her situation . she told the tribune : ' we know that some people are born with ambiguous genitalia or with both - it is absolutely possible for a perfect feminine soul to end up in a male body and vice versa . ' even the most senior members of the church are starting to take notice of the mormon transgender population . dallin h. oaks , one of the twelve apostles who are in the top echelon of the church hierarchy , said more needs to be done . he told the tribune : ' [ mormon leaders ] have not had so much experience with [ transgender persons ] ... we have some unfinished business on that . ' 