a recent survey has revealed that more than half of uk children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis . with childhood obesity on the rise in the uk , these new figures are incredibly alarming . for more than two decades , i 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg . so i wanted to share some of my feeding wisdom to help encourage healthier , happier children . it 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food . annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables . my son was a very fussy eater , so i had to think of ingenious ways to ensure he was getting a wholesome balanced diet whilst enjoying what he was eating . truth be told , ninety percent of children go through at least one lengthy stage of fussy eating . it 's so easy to feel frustrated and powerless when your child simply refuses to eat certain foods . but the key is not to give in or give up . day in , day out , i persisted with new healthy foods , new recipes and creative ways to hide the good bits my son did n't like . in fact , it was coming up with these new and novel recipes that inspired me to create my very first book – complete baby and toddler meal planner . while it can be frustrating when a child rejects the food we give them , it 's actually the way that we deal with the situation that impact on their eating habits . it 's not ideal to let your child get away with not eating certain foods in order to keep the peace . giving your children a limited number of foods will only escalate their fussiness , and deprive them of the essential nutrients they need to grow and develop . if i am honest , hiding the good bits in a meal did n't always get past my children , but i found it really important to hide my frustrations . instead , i gave them lots of praise when they ate well or tried something new . remember , you are not alone ! keep trying out new ideas and eventually you will see positive results . do n't be afraid to quiz other mums on how they get their children eating healthy food . i used to share my recipes at my son 's nursery and it felt so good to be able to help other mums in my position . annabel says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children and eventually they will see positive results when it comes to a healthy diet . tips for helping kids towards their five-a-day . 1 . try making your own healthy junk food using good quality lean meat for burgers , english muffins for pizza bases and a good way to coat homemade fish fingers is to dip them in seasoned flour , beaten egg and crushed cornflakes . for dessert it 's easy to make fresh fruit ice lollies from fruit juice and pureed fruits . 2 . some kids can spot a hidden mushroom a mile off , so sometimes the best thing is to be up front about fruit and vegetables , tell them where they come from and why they are so good for you . giving them facts could make them more interested about what they are eating . i used to offer a starter - a little teacup or saucer of something new that they could try that would be in addition to their main meal . 3 . if your child refuses to eat anything other than junk food , do n't worry . they will soon find there 's not much point making a fuss if you do n't react . 4 . without going to unnecessary lengths , try to make sure your child 's food not only tastes good but looks good too . make mini portions in ramekins , make chicken skewers or thread bite sized pieces of fruit onto a straw . 5 . avoid empty calorie snacks like crisps or soft drinks and keep a supply of healthy snacks on hand – maybe have a low shelf in the fridge with cut up fresh fruit and other healthy foods . when children are hungry , they wo n't wait . 6 . children like to assemble their own food , so you could lay ingredients out in bowls and let your child fill and fold their own wraps or choose their favourite toppings for their home made pizzas . 7 . most children adore cooking and tasks like squeezing fresh orange juice or cracking eggs are well within the capabilities of a young child . it 's amazing how being involved in the planning and preparation of a meal can stimulate a child 's appetite . 8 . my chilled toddler meals are great for packing in the veggies – especially on those busy days . based on my favourite cookbook recipes , they taste just like homemade and offer up to three of a child 's five-a-day . mini vegetable balls . mini vegetable balls ( suitable from nine months ) . ingredients , makes 24 veggie balls . 2 carrots , peeled and grated . 1 small courgette , grated . 75g ( 30z ) butternut squash , peeled and grated . 1 onion , peeled and finely chopped . ½ tbsp chopped fresh thyme . 50g ( 2oz ) mushroom chopped . 50g ( 2oz ) parmesan , grated . 150g ( 5oz ) breadcrumbs . 1 small egg , beaten . 1 ½ tbsp . tomato ketchup , plus extra to serve . 1tsp soy sauce . a little plain flour . 2tbsp olive oil . method . put the grated carrots , courgette and squash into a clean tea towel or muslin cloth and squeeze out as much liquid as possible . tip into a mixing bowl and add all the remaining ingredients except the flour and the olive oil . stir to combine and , using damp hands , shape the mixture into 24 little balls . put the flour on a plate and roll the ball in it to coat . heat the oil in a larger frying pan . add the balls and fry for about 5 minutes or until lightly browned . you may need to do this in batches depending on the size of your pan . allow to cool a little and serve with ketchup . suitable for freezing so make an extra batch and save for another day . mini turkey burgers . mini turkey burgers ( suitable from nine months ) . ingredients , makes 15 mini burgers . ½ onion , peeled and chopped . ½ desert apple , peeled and grated . 1tbp chopped fresh thyme . 250g ( 9oz ) minced turkey . 75g ( 3oz ) white breadcrumbs . 40g ( 1 ½ oz ) cheddar cheese , grated . 2tbsp tomato ketchup . a few drops of worcestershire sauce . olive oil , for drizzling . method . pre heat the oven to 200c/400f/ gas 6 . put the onion , apple and thyme into a food processor and whiz until everything is finely chopped . add the reaming ingredients and whiz again until they are all combined . with damp hands , shape the mixture into 15 mini burgers . place the burgers on a baking sheet lined with non-stick paper and drizzle over a little oil . bake in the oven for 8-10 minutes , then turn over and cook for another 8-10 minutes until golden and cooked through . veggie skeleton dip . veggie skeleton dip . ingredients , makes on skeleton . sweet chilli and sour cream dip . 100g cream cheese . 100g soured cream . 2 tbsp sweet chilli sauce ( or to taste ) . 1 tsp lime juice . decoration . ¼ cucumber , sliced . ½ carrot , peeled and sliced in half . 3 mushrooms , sliced . 2 sticks celery . 1 red pepper , deseeded and sliced . 2 broccoli florets . a handful of salad cress . black pitted olive , sliced . red pepper . method . first make the dip . beat the cream cheese until smooth , then beat in the sour cream , sweet chilli sauce and lime juice . cover and chill until needed . arrange the vegetables on a board to make the skeleton ( save a little of the carrot and pepper for the face ) . transfer the dip to a small bowl and add the cress , olive slices , carrot and pepper to make the face . if you’ve got a jam-packed family schedule , annabel’s delicious chilled toddler meals are perfect for those busy days . taste tested by toddlers and packed with up to 3 of their 5-a-day , the range has been inspired by annabel’s most popular cookbook recipes . for information and more food ideas visit www.annabelkarmel.com . 