rafael benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of napoli 's crucial serie a fixture with sampdoria this weekend , as the quest for a uefa champions league place reaches a crescendo in italy . the spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria after it emerged that sinisa mihajlovic - the current blucerchiati boss - is being lined up to replace benitez at napoli . but sampdoria president massimo ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the goodison park and old trafford terraces , appearing to quash rumours that a job swap is imminent . napoli manager rafael benitez jokes with switzerland gokhan inler ( right ) during a training session . benitez challenges argentinian forward gonzalo higuain during a training session earlier today . ' i could take benitez , but i 'd have to take him to see a dietician first , ' ferrero told radio crc . ' anyway , if mihajlovic does leave , i 've already got a replacement . you all say he 's leaving , even if i do n't know anything about it . ' as far as i am concerned , he 's staying . if he were to leave , i 'd know who to replace him with . paulo sousa 's not going to be sampdoria 's next coach , it will be [ italian comedy actor ] lino banfi . ' sampdoria travel to face napoli on sunday trailing benitez 's side by three points , but ferrero said he would rather keep hold of the serbian mihajlovic , who has guided the genoa-based club from relegation candidates to european contenders in 18 months . ' napoli would not be taking a step backwards if they were to get mihajlovic , ' ferrero said . ' i 'm talking from my experience and i can say that sinisa 's a man of great sensitivity , a great professional and a great worker . ' he arrives two hours before training and he leaves two hours after . above everything , he 's got incredible ability and if he does leave , then i 'm sure whoever gets him will be hitting the jackpot . but they 're going to have to wait another year because he 's still got a year on his contract with us . ' benitez instructs his players during training ahead of tomorrow 's europa league clash with vfl wolfsburg .