a hiker exploring chile 's natural wonders got the shock of his life on wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes . a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . ' there are n't many people here , ' the hiker says in spanish in the video . ' beautiful , the volcano there ... ' he says just before the volcano begins to blow . scroll down for video . nothing to see here : this hiker 's surroundings are serene up until the moment a volcano erupts before his eyes and he runs for the hills . ' wow , ' he then says with shock as he pics up his camera and travels as far away from the erupting volcano as he possibly can . the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption , reports mashable . volcano calbuco , believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes , had erupted for the first time at 6pm local time on wednesday . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared . locals described an apocalyptic scene as ash clouds were shot six miles into the air creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night 's sky . another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated , residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded . ' beautiful volcano ' : the hikers speaks about the volcano 's natural beauty just seconds before it erupts . the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway . previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from oxford university who told dailymail.com it is impossible to predict what will happen next . the volcano is located near the tourist town of puerto varas and the city of puerto montt , a little more than 620 miles south of chile 's capital , santiago . the national mining and geology service issued a high alert , setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5miles around the volcano , barring access to the area . trevor moffat , who lives in ensenada , some six miles from the volcano , said the eruption happened without warning . volcano calbuco 's last major eruption happened in 1961 , with a weak eruption following in 1972 . he said : ' it sounded like a big tractor trailer passing by the road , rattling and shaking , guttural rumbling ... we left everything there , grabbed my kid , my dog , got in the car with my wife . mr moffat , who was originally born in canada , said he was now driving his family to puerto varas . he added : ' all the neighbors were outside , a lot of young people crying . armageddon type reaction . ' ' wow ' : the hiker expresses his amazement at the volcanic eruption before quickly traveling to safe territory . up in smoke : volcano calbuco , in southern chile , erupted forcing 1,500 residents from ensenada , about 10 miles away , to flee their homes . 