izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea 's youth team to glory in the uefa youth league either side of a call-up to jose mourinho 's first-team squad . the blues ' under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over roma in switzerland on friday afternoon after learning that mourinho wanted him on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers on sunday . so brown flew back to london , watched from the loftus road dug-out as a late goal from cesc fabregas took chelsea a step closer to the title , and then hopped back on a plane to geneva . izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend after chelsea won the uefa youth league on monday . brown was on the bench for chelsea seniors for the premier league clash at queens park rangers on sunday . but just a few hours later he was out in nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions . and clearly untroubled by the ' commuting ' , the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk as chelsea became the first english team to lift the youth league trophy . after the triumph in nyon , brown told sportsmail : ' i got a phone call at lunchtime ( on friday ) and i was told i had to come back to england because the first team needed me on the bench . ' so i was a bit shocked because i wanted to play the final and i did n't know whether i 'd get back or not . it 's been a bit of a rush but i 'm glad i was here and also glad i was on the bench . ' brown 's close-range finish gave chelsea a seventh-minute lead against shakhtar in the final . although the ukrainians were gifted an equaliser when defender andreas christensen put through his own net , chelsea took command after the break . dominic solanke ( left ) and brown got the goals as chelsea saw off shakhtar donetsk to take the trophy . first , dominic solanke headed in a jeremie boga cross to restore their lead and then brown made sure of victory with a well-taken left-foot finish a few minutes later . brown then had the honour of lifting the lennart johansson trophy as chelsea followed in the footsteps of barcelona last year . he added : ' it is an amazing achievement , we 've come so far since the first game against schalke . ' there 's been lots of ups and downs through the tournament but we 've stuck together and now we 're european champions . we 've got so many creative players , so many people who can score goals . ' brown had the honour of lifting the lennart johansson trophy as chelsea followed in barcelona 's footsteps . solanke ended the competition as leading scorer , with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12 , and was understandably delighted . he said : ' it 's a great tournament , i managed to do quite well . i finished as top goalscorer , which is an amazing achievement for me . ' obviously playing against all these different teams in europe , i 've got to adapt to how they play and i think i 'm scoring a lot of goals in that way and it 's really good to do that . ' solanke ended the competition as leading scorer , with his 47th-minute header taking his tally to 12 . the england under 18 international was handed a taste of first-team action by mourinho in october 's champions league tie with maribor and he is hopeful of further opportunities in the future . ' it 's a tough task at chelsea to get into the first team but you 've just got to keep working and see what happens , ' he said . 