one-eyed police killer dale cregan has been sent to the same psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady after going on hunger strike for the second time . the 31-year-old has reportedly been transferred from hmp manchester , formerly strangeways , to ashworth hospital , a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull , merseyside . cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement . scroll down for video . one-eyed police murderer dale cregan ( above left ) has reportedly been moved from the category a prison to the same secure psychiatric hospital as moors murderer ian brady ( above right ) . a source said told the sun : ' he 's playing the system . ' if he 's offered a move he likes , he will start eating . ' brady , who was jailed for life in 1966 , was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago . together with myra hindley , who died in prison in 2002 , he tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester between 1963 and 1965 . in 2013 a mental health tribunal ruled that brady should stay at ashworth , despite the notorious killer arguing that he was not suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and should go back to jail . cregan , who lost an eye in a brawl , was told he would die in prison when he was jailed for life without parole in june 2013 . he was already on the run for the murders of david short , 46 , and son mark , 23 , when he killed the two policewomen after luring them to a house with a fake 999 call before shooting them 32 times on the doorstep and then throwing a grenade at them . it was claimed he was sent to solitary confinement at hmp manchester last month after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his cell . before the fallout sources told the daily star sunday that cregan had an enhanced status and was allowed additional time in the games area and yard , as well as a flat-screen tv and dvd player in his room . sources reportedly claimed that the police killer was ' playing the system ' after being moved to ashworth hospital in merseyside ( pictured above ) . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester ( pictured above ) , formerly strangeways , after going on hunger strike for the second time . brady ( artists impression from when he gave evidence at a mental health tribunal , left ) together with myra hindley ( pictured right ) , who died in prison in 2002 , tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester between 1963 and 1965 . but the benefits were taken off him after he was caught smuggling for a second time . ' cregan has burned all his bridges in here , ' the source reportedly told the newspaper . ' he has not eaten since he was sent into segregation . ' ashworth hospital offers comfortable bedrooms and patients are allowed personal items such as cds , photos and books . art and music workshops , pottery and cooking classes , and social events such as bingo and film nights are also offered to the patients . a spokesman for the ministry of justice said that they do not comment on individuals . he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone ( left ) and nicola hughes ( right ) in 2012 . 