maternity style can be a hard thing to get right . with a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy . many will be glad to know that our celebrity counterparts seem to struggle with it just as much , but a few have it nailed down by landing on a signature style that takes them through the whole nine months . helen flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels , confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps . scroll down for video . helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress . some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically . other women will use the opportunity as a time to complete transform the way they dress and choose to showcase a softer , more demure side to themselves . while others will simply continue with their glamorous pre-maternity wardrobes , choosing to ignore the fact they 're pregnant . read on to discover the different maternity styles that celebrities are opting for ... scantily clad to covered up . then and now : helen flanagan has changed her style dramatically for the birth of her first child . danielle lloyd , 31 , is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child in 2013 . many women give their style an overhaul when pregnant , opting for more reserved styles , which very much differ from their trashier previous looks . helen flanagan is a prime example of a celebrity who has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant . the 24-year-old coronation street actress revealed she was pregnant with 26-year-old footballer scott sinclair 's child in december 2014 . flanagan was known previously for her revealing style , regularly wearing skin-tight cleavage-exposing dresses and tottering heels , but the actress has recently began to step out in longer , more modest outfits . glamour model danielle lloyd , 31 , is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child , george , with ex-husband , footballer jamie o'hara in 2013 . the former miss england previously sported a wardrobe of thigh-skimming dresses and platforms , but opted for more demure looks leading up to the birth of her child . these included maxi-dresses which also covered up her chest . flowy boho . actress blake lively , 27 , was the epitome of flowy boho maternity style , sporting a series of long maxi-dresses when she was pregnant . the blonde wore a white gown that managed to show off her changing figure in a flattering fashion . angelina jolie , now 39 , also channelled a boho look when she was pregnant with twins , vivienne and knox in 2008 . many celebrities choose a boho , full-length look when pregnant , swathing their bodies in yards of chic designer fabric . blake lively , 27 , received much adoration recently for her flawless maternity style , when she was pregnant with her first child with ryan reynolds , 38 . the 27-year-old actress , who was expecting her daughter james with actor ryan reynolds , 38 , opted for floaty maxi-dresses . blake , who gave birth to her daughter in december of last year , opted for chiffon materials and elongated silhouettes beforehand . world-renowned actress angelina jolie , also adopted this style during her pregnancy with twins vivienne and knox , back in 2008 . the star , married to brad pitt , chose dresses that gave her growing baby bump lots of space while maintaining a feminine look . buttoned up . kate middleton , 33 , is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look , sporting a series of coats leading up to the birth of the second royal baby . holly willoughby , 34 , also opted for a covered-up and reserved look during the pregnancy of her third child , chester , in 2014 . it 's also understandable that many women will want to cover up completely , or opt for safe knee-length dresses . kate middleton , 33 , is the queen of buttoned-up maternity style , opting for long coats that cover her baby bump , or dresses that are reserved and contained . the duchess of cambridge is expecting her second baby in the next week with prince william . presenter holly willoughby , 34 , was another celebrity to choose modest outfits , during her pregnancy with her third child , chester , with husband dan baldwin in 2014 . the this morning co-host opted for a series of knee-length dresses with flattering twist-fronts or comfy jersey frocks with an empire waist giving her bump plenty of room . rock ' n ' roll mama . despite sporting a huge baby bump , songstress gwen stefani , 45 , was able to keep her rock-glam edge during her pregnancy in 2014 . radio and tv presenter fearne cotton , 33 , is another star who managed to maintain her covetable edgy style during pregnancy . even when carrying a child and subject to uncontrollable bodily changes , some women maintain their rock-glam edge . singer gwen stefani , 45 , is well-known for her punky style , which she managed to preserve during her pregnancy with her and gavin rossdale 's third child , apollo in 2014 . the feisty songstress was still regularly seen out in leather trousers , sunglasses and denim jackets , even while heavily pregnant . radio and tv presenter fearne cotton , 33 , is another star who managed to maintain her covetable edgy style during pregnancy . during her pregnancy with her first child , rex , the presenter was seen sporting on-trend pieces , such as chunky boots , lace dresses and block print sweaters . the 33-year-old recently announced in february , along with her departure from radio 1 , that she is pregnant with her second child with jesse wood , son of rolling stones guitarist , ronnie wood . comfort over style . mila kunis , 31 , is another actress that had no problem with being seen out in public in casual comfortable clothing during her pregnancy . a huge majority of women will understandably opt for comfort over style . keira knightley 's off-duty pregnancy style is based around loose , baggy attire - but without losing her hipster edge . the 33-year-old recently announced in december of last year that she is pregnant with her first child with husband and musician james righton . the actress has been spotted out in dungarees , loose knit jumpers and beanie hats , making warmth and ease a priority . mila kunis , 31 , is another actress who had no problem with being seen out in public in casual comfortable clothing during her pregnancy with daughter wyatt . she gave birth to her first child with boyfriend ashton kutcher in october 2014 of last year , but was happy wearing jeans , flip flops and vest tops in the lead up to the birth . dress like you 're not pregnant at all . reality star , kim kardashian , 34 , was well-known for maintaining her glamorous style and tight-fitting clothing during her pregnancy with child north-west in 2013 . while many women will accept that their body will be subject to changes during pregnancy and will perhaps opt for more sensible footwear and looser clothing , others will try and ignore the changes all together . reality star , kim kardashian , 34 , was well-known for maintaining her glamorous style and tight-fitting clothing during her pregnancy with child north west . kim gave birth to her child with rapper kanye west in june 2013 , but stepped out in more than a few suspect items of clothing during her pregnancy . these included tight cleavage-enhancing dresses as well as ill-fitting footwear that seemed to be painfully-tight .