it 's enough to pay for a small home extension – and if jennifer drew carries on like this , she might well need one . the mother-of-one has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . and she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage . mrs drew , 31 , is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends . scroll down for video . mother-of-one jennifer drew has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . among the hoard of products – many of which were bought through multi-buy deals – are 20 bottles of mouthwash , 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo , and stacks of dog and cat food , even though mrs drew and her husband , 33-year-old plasterer neil , do not have a pet . the frugal english teacher estimates she saves £70 each week on food , and once even managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p . mrs drew , who uses newspaper coupons as well as voucher websites such as wowcher and groupon , said : ' i ca n't imagine life without coupons and , to be honest , i do n't understand why no one else is cashing in . ' once you get to grips with the process , it 's very simple . what people do n't realise is that a bit of research can save hundreds of pounds . ' the 31-year-old has bagged so many bargains that she has even dedicated the garage at her home in ashby-de-la-zouch , leicestershire , to stockpiling extra products ( above ) . mrs drew , pictured with son nicholas ( left ) , estimates that she saves £70 on her weekly shop by using coupons and money-saving websites - and once managed to buy a week 's worth of food for 29p . mrs drew 's obsession with couponing started when she was pregnant with her son nicholas , now two . she suffered severe insomnia and while watching tv at night she stumbled across american reality show extreme couponing , which follows savvy shoppers as they find bargains . mrs drew , from ashby-de-la-zouch , leicestershire , said : ' i thought i 'd give it a try . by the time neil came down for work , i 'd saved more money than i 'd earn in a full day 's pay . ' not long after , mr drew was made redundant and , with a new arrival on the way , the couple were facing huge cutbacks . mrs drew said that when she began shopping for the baby she would bring home bags ' stuffed to the brim and neil would look on in horror ' . ' he panicked and thought i was spending a fortune but did n't realise how far my coupons had gone , ' she said . ' he could n't believe that i had saved so much money until i showed him the receipt . ' she added : ' i get a real buzz every time i save money . it 's like an addiction . ' mrs drew now spends around an hour a day during the week , and three hours on saturday and sunday , searching the internet for the best deals . for a few months last year , she ran free classes at her local library and ' fully trained ' around 20 people in using coupons .