when utah photographer alan lawrence learned that his newborn son , wil , had down syndrome his ' mind was flooded with many emotions , most of which were not positive . ' now , 18 months later , lawrence tells abc that little wil ' brings a light to our family . ' he said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . instead , lawrence said , little wil has taken the limits off and ' opened so many doors ' for his family in return , the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability . the ability to fly . scroll down for video . ' wil can fly : ' a utah photographer , alan lawrence ( left ) , created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son , wil ( right ) , who has down syndrome appears to be flying . the father created a photo series called ' wil can fly ' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes . lawrence , who began taking the photos when wil was just months old , created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out . he posted the photos on his blog -- that dad blog -- and later on his instagram account . after receiving positive feedback , lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations , ksl reports . the family recently started a kickstarter campaign . ' when wil was little , he would lie on his stomach and raise his arms and legs like he was flying . it was n't something any of my other kids did , ' lawrence told abc . ' we all said , ' look , he 's flying ! ' lawrence said his goal is to raise awareness about down syndrome . he admitted in his blog that he and his wife nikki knew very little about the disorder when wil was born in october 2013 . the father said he hopes to photograph wil ' flying ' in other destinations to raise more awareness . he also told abc he hopes to help people overseas who do not have access to the same level of care through his youtube channel by posting therapy tutorials . wil the examiner : here , wil examines his brother 's hair using a wooden spoon . wil flies away : here , wil flies away leaving his father in his dust . wil checks himself out in the mirror first thing in the morning . wil is hungry : here , wil hovers over his high-chair as his mother feeds him . wil in the forest : wil flies through the forest . wil over chickens : here , wil flies over chickens . wil with bubbles : here , wil appears to kiss a bubble as he floats in the air . wil in stripes : here , wil flies in the air above a field . soaring , flying : here , wil soars above a grassy field with mountains in the distance . wil faces a dinosaur : here , wil comes face-to-face with a tyrannosaurus rex . wil escapes the cart : here , wil floats above his mother 's cart in the cereal aisle at a grocery store . wil gets a better look : here , wil floats above his sister 's head as she reads ' peter pan ' . wil does n't need a bike : here , wil floats above the other kids on their bikes . wil flies in the sunlight : here , wil flies in a forest as sunlight breaks through the trees .   . 