beaming towards the camera as a toothy 10-year-old , carl thompson is the picture of health as he poses in his family 's back garden . but more than 20 years later the once rosy-cheeked boy is facing death after ballooning to 65 stone to become britain 's fattest man . consuming 10,000 calories-a-day by gorging on takeaways and whole loaves of bread , the 32-year-old is too heavy to walk or wash himself . he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover , kent , kept company by a team of nhs carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day . scroll down for video . carl thompson , 32 , has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone . mr thompson said he has always had problems with food and was even caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three ( left ) . but aged around 10 he was a normal size and played like a normal child . living off a combination of incapacity benefits and a disability allowance , mr thompson spends roughly £200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping . he has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory . at the time mr thompson said he ate everything the factory did n't sell . but after the death of his mother in 2012 from a brain tumour , mr thompson turned to food as a means of coping with his grief . breakfast : four sausages , five fried eggs , fried bread , mushrooms fried in butter , bowl of cereal with full fat milk . lunch : bowl of pasta , chips , bacon , pork pies , crisps , pasties , sandwiches and chocolate . dinner : chinese or indian takeaway of up to £25 five nights a week . snacks : £10 a day on yorkie bars . with food as his only source of comfort , he doubled in weight from 30 to 65 stone in just three years and became housebound . 'that’s how i put all this weight on . i was very close to my mum , ' he said speaking of his mother . ' she was fantastic , and i still haven’t got over it . ' now his days normally begin with a fry-up breakfast of four sausages , five fried eggs , a pan-full of mushrooms and fried bread . lunch can be a bowlful of pasta , chips , bacon , pork pies , crisps , pasties , sandwiches and chocolate and dinner a takeaway . since he is unable to leave the house mr thompson relies on online shopping deliveries and takeaways . his carers prepare meals with the ingredients he has bought . ' i order takeaways five nights a week , usually spending between £10 and £25 on chinese , curries , pizza or fish and chips , ' he said . ' my carers cook my food during he day and it 's always microwaved meals - my favourite is chicken curry . ' alongside takeaways mr thompson spends £10 a day on chocolate , typically yorkie bars . mr thompson has put on 30 stone since 2012 ( pictured above ) when his mother died . he has not had a relationship since his early twenties which ended because of his weight gain . ' my last girlfriend was a girl called rachel 10 years ago , but we split up after three years because of my weight , ' he said . while mr thompson said he has always had a problem with food ( he was caught raiding his neighbours ' fridges when he was three ) he said it was made worse by the death of his mother in 2012 . having been admitted to hospital for heart attacks and septicemia in the last three years , he is facing death unless he drastically changes his diet . desperate to shed 45 stone , mr thompson said : ' i could die , that’s the bottom line if i keep going the way i do . ' because of what i eat i’m missing out on everything in life . ' i can not go to the park and i can not go on holiday . ' but unlike paul mason , previously britain 's heaviest man who tipped the scales at 70 stone , mr thompson said he does not want to undergo gastric band surgery . ' i need to go somewhere to lose my weight naturally because i can’t do it on my own , ' he said . ' i don’t want a gastric band , they’re dangerous . i’d like the help of a dietician and a psychiatrist to help shift the weight . ” while mr thompson said he has always had weight issues , he ballooned in size following the death of his mother ( pictured together left when he was 15 ) . now he can not wash or leave the house . the former factory worker said he has always had a problem with food . he is pictured above aged around four . ' i will go anywhere which will help me lose weight . it’s taken over my life . i can’t move , i can’t cook , and it’s time for that to end . ' earlier this week a woman weighing 60 stone who was once britain 's fattest teenager had to be airlifted out of her home . georgia davis , 22 , was taken to hospital following the dramatic effort which using a crane to get her out of her specially adapted flat in aberdare , south wales . paul mason , who was once considered the fattest man in the country after ballooning to 70 stone , has recently told of his ordeal trying to get rid of excess skin following a 46-stone weight loss . the 54-year-old travelled to the u.s. to have the operation carried out after being refused by the nhs . mr thompson eats 10,000 calories a day between takeaways , fry up breakfasts , pork pies and microwavable meals . the 32-year-old said he is desperate to lose weight but does not want a gastric band because he thinks they are dangerous . 