boris johnson will move centre stage in the conservative election campaign next week as the party struggles to open up a consistent poll lead over labour . the london mayor , who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known tory in the country , will make a high-profile joint appearance with david cameron , sources said . there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as the party seeks to break away from labour . high profile : boris johnson ( pictured at a gin distillery in london on friday ) will move centre stage in the conservative election campaign next week . while many polls indicate deadlock , one by survation for the daily mirror lifted tory spirits yesterday by putting their party up four points in a week and moving ahead of labour . the conservatives were on 34 per cent , with labour down two on 33 per cent . it is only the second time the conservatives have been ahead with survation since the organisation began conducting national polling in 2011 . the poll put ukip on 17 per cent , the lib dems on seven per cent and the greens on three . last night lord bell , the advertising guru who masterminded margaret thatcher’s three election victories , was scathing about the tories’ campaign , saying : ‘it’s dreadful . it’s risk averse . it’s boring . there is no engagement with real voters . there is no passion . ‘ cameron seems to be content with the idea that there will be a hung parliament . they don’t even seem to be fighting for an overall majority . the campaign seemed to be based on the idea that ed miliband couldn’t even tie his own shoelaces properly . when he showed he can there was no plan b . ’ there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as the party seeks to break away from labour . there was surprise that mr johnson was not present at this week’s tory manifesto launch , with mr cameron instead introduced by education secretary nicky morgan , home secretary theresa may and chancellor george osborne . internal polling suggests mr johnson is by far the most popular senior tory among ukip voters , who mr cameron has pleaded with to ‘ come home’ to his party rather than risk a labour government propped up by the snp . other senior figures told the daily mail that david cameron must underline manifesto pledges aimed at working class voters – such as extending the right-to-buy and promising a tax-free minimum wage . ‘ the tax-free minimum wage is the best policy we’ve had in years – but we haven’t heard a word about it since the manifesto , ’ said one former minister . boris johnson tried a 99 cornet ( left ) in west drayton yesterday and visited the al falah mosque ( right ) . ‘ we should be out selling some of the terrific stuff in the manifesto every day until polling day . it’s not enough to make one good speech . ‘ we need to get everybody out there – all the cabinet – pushing these arguments day after day . ’ one senior tory donor said the campaign was ‘lacklustre’ , ‘negative’ , and ‘boring’ . ‘ i am afraid we are paying a terrible price for not having a proper narrative over the last five years . people just don’t know what we stand for any more . ‘ why are we talking only now about extending right to buy ? why is there nothing on immigration ? where is the cabinet ? ‘ why aren’t we using boris johnson who is our biggest hitter and actually knows how to win elections ? ’ the donor added : ‘ there is no sense of urgency . we seem to be sleepwalking to defeat praying that the polls might turn in the last week like it did in 1992 . ‘ if it wasn’t for the snp surge in scotland ed miliband would be in downing street with a comfortable majority . we couldn’t beat gordon brown and now it seems we can’t beat miliband who was supposed to be an even worse leader . ‘ with the economy performing so well we should be miles ahead instead we are in danger of boring voters to death . ’ the london mayor , who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known tory in the country , will make a high-profile joint appearance with david cameron , sources said . some tories are also complaining that the collapse in party membership has decimated their ground operation in some constituencies and they are being outleafleted by labour – whose canvas operation has been swelled by thousand of trade unionists – by three to one . another said the mood was ‘tense’ and there was ‘ some dismay’ that the manifesto launch had not given the party ‘lift-off’ . ‘ the polls have moved a bit in our favour . but if we are to turn the tide decisively , we need to keep the energy up and we should be using boris more . ’ one candidate hoping to be re-elected in a marginal seat said : ‘ boris is doing good stuff on the ground but we should be seeing more of him – he’s box office . unlike some of our secretaries of state , people actually want to turn out to hear him . ’ a conservative adviser said : ‘we’ve always known this would be an incredibly close election and that a large number of undecided voters will only decide who they want in downing street – cameron or miliband – at the last minute . ‘ you will be seeing more of boris as we move towards the end of the campaign – that has always been the plan . ’ the latest polls suggest a swing back to the tories , but nothing close to the lead they would need for a commons majority . a panelbase poll suggested the tories had cut a six-point labour lead to one , while tns put the party two points ahead , with 34 per cent to labour’s 32 . a yougov poll , meanwhile , had the two main parties tied on 34 per cent . 