the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music . wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy . remembrance : friends embrace and remember slain student maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015 . plans : maren sanchez , pictured in the dress she had planned to wear to prom , was excited about the dance which was due to attend with her new boyfriend last year . ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez . ' i do n't think there 's anything sad about this , ' said darby hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen . ' it 's such a celebration . ' the slaying stunned people around connecticut and especially in this shoreline city , where sanchez is remembered as an outgoing person , active in drama and other school activities , who had a kind word for anyone she met . the event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by sanchez 's mother . the day was bittersweet , with some exchanging long hugs , but organizers said they agreed with sanchez 's mother , donna cimarelli , that the community did not need another vigil . ' we 've cried a lot in this town . if you knew maren , she would have embraced an event like this , ' said elena garet , whose daughter was friends with the teenager . tragic : this may 2 , 2014 , file photo shows a girl stopping at a memorial for maren sanchez outside jonathan law high school , in milford , connecticut . live music : jonathan law senior rachel escobar and steve gonza , of the band ink , practice a piece of original music written for maren sanchez . mourning friends : jonathan law high school senior jarrod butts and jamie loma , left , and jill bendlak , right , remember maren sanchez on saturday . ' maren was a girl who brought people together . ' the classmate accused of attacking sanchez with a knife , christopher plaskon , has pleaded not guilty . his attorney has said he intends to use an insanity defense . police have said they were looking into whether the attack was related to sanchez 's refusal to be plaskon 's date to their junior prom . fran thompson , the high school principal , said students and faculty are still recovering from the loss of the beloved girl . over the last week , he said , the school held memorial events and students have been tweeting favorite memories of sanchez and examples of people showing kindness toward others . all in purple : students hold hands and remember maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , while listening to live music during the ' peace love & music from maren ' event . ' this whole year has really changed us a lot , ' he said . ' i think it 's made us more aware of the importance to remember the good in people , to take a moment and put things in perspective . ' the 16-year-old connecticut student accused of killing sanchez who turned down his offer to go to prom , told police after the attack : ' i did it , ' court documents show . christopher plaskon has been charged with murder as an adult over the death of maren sanchez , a friend who was killed last year in a hallway of jonathan law high school in milford .