the grieving parents of a college student who was allegedly choked to death by her roommate last week have paid tribute to her . grace mann , 20 , was described as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be ' a safe place ' . mann 's parents , local judge thomas mann and his wife melissa , remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg , virginia . scroll down for video . grieving : grace mann 's parents , melissa and thomas mann , are pictured above at a memorial for their daughter , who was recently found choked to death . murdered : a university of mary washington student has been charged with abduction and murder in the death of his roommate , 20-year-old grace rebecca mann of falls church ( pictured ) . her father , a judge in a fairfax county juvenile and domestic court , said : ' she just wanted the world to be a beautiful place , a safe place and a kind place ' . according to local site fredericksburg.com , mann was found by her two female roommates with a plastic bag stuffed down her throat . her third roommate , steven vander briel , 30 , was reportedly home when the grisly discovery was made , but fled the house . he was hunted down by police and has been charged with first degree murder . charged : steven vander briel , 30 ( left ) , is accused of murdering mann ( right ) then fleeing the home they shared . the post reported that the two hardly knew each other , and that their relationship consisted only of mann renting a room in the same house . the manns , who drew attention to their daughter 's record as an outspoken feminist and keen campaigner at the university of mary washington , opened up in the wake of an on-campus memorial service in her honor . students gathered in front of university buildings on a sunny friday to recall mann 's impact on her life . the event , covered by the wjla local news channel , featured speeches from friends and university administrators , praising her short but significant life . one friend , paige mckinsey , who was the president of a feminist society of which mann was a member , said : ' she was a force of nature fueled by passion and determination . grace mann wasn’t going to change the world . she did change the world . ' comfort : students banded together and embraced friday at a memorial event for mann .