break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners ' names tattooed on their bodies . jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid . ' i 'm desperate to get rid of it , i have bad dreams about it , ' she said on channel 5 show tattoo disasters . scroll down for video . jessica hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid . the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin , she thought she had an ideal solution . ' i came across a youtube video about acid peels so i thought that would be the way to get rid of my tattoo . the kit cost £25 online and i thought `` bargain '' . ' but instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped , jessica 's dangerous diy treatment gave her chemical burns . a chemical peel should be applied by a beauty professional as it 's designed to damage the skin in a controlled way . the body responds to the damage by healing and rejuvenating the skin - supposedly making it look younger . but jessica applied the acid without diluting it with water or reading the instructions . as a result , it immediately caused her skin to burn and blister . jessica 's tattoo , left , featuring the name of her ex , and the burns she suffered , right , after applying acid . six painful applications left jessica 's skin red raw and scabby - and the tattoo remained . she said : ' it felt like someone had poured boiling water on my arm and then got a lighter to it . ' after five minutes it went white and blistered , then started peeling , after three days it went all scabby . ' i did n't want to get it checked in case the nurses thought i was self-harming and i did n't want them to take the acid off me as i still wanted it . ' despite her painful first encounter with the acid , jessica repeated the treatment another six times . her skin became red raw , scabby and inflamed - and worst of all , the tattoo was still visible . realising her diy treatments were a painful failure , jessica finally sought the advice of tattoo artist aaron mullen . he said : ' i have never seen anything like it before , my first reaction was shock , she should n't have taken such a drastic measure to use acid on her skin . ' jess , left , regretted getting her ex-boyfriend 's name tattooed on her bikini line , right . he recommended laser removal surgery but said jessica would have to wait until her skin has healed from the acid burns . jessica said : ' i regret doing the acid now as i have made process slower . it will be another six to nine months till it will be completely gone . ' another woman keen to get rid of a tattoo featuring the name of an ex is jess , 23 , a dental nurse , from london . she appears on tlc show extreme beauty disasters this week where she reveals her regrets over her tattoo . ' my boyfriend jack and i got matching tattoos . then we broke up and i 'm left with his name tattooed on me in an awkward position below my bikini line . ' i regret it every single day . it upsets me and i 'm constantly reminds me of what happened when i look at it . i definitely should n't have done it , it was a really big mistake , ' she said . jess said the tattoo had seemed like a good idea at the time but now she 's been dumped by jack , it 's a permanent reminder of the love she 's lost . jess realised the tattoo was a big mistake when jack dumped her . the dental nurse managed to get the old tattoo covered up with a new one by tattoo artist david kaffri . before , left , and after , right , shots reveal how jess no longer has jack 's name visible on her body . ' i was in love with him and i thought he was in love with me . we got matching tattoos as we thought we could be together forever , ' she said . ' a year-and-a-half later he decided he wanted to be single when he went to uni and broke up with me . when he broke up with me , i said `` i have your name tattooed on me , what am i going to do ? `` ' jess sought the advice of skin expert dr sam bunting who told her : ' you have two options - one is to get rid of it altogether and that would involve using laser , which is quite a long , painstaking process and will cause some discomfort . ' the other is to change it so the word jack is n't distinguishable . ' jess decided on the latter and enlisted the help of tattoo artist david kaffri , who is no stranger to ridding people of tattoos featuring the name of an ex . he said : ' i like it when people come to me with a tattoo they hate and i can transform it into one they love . ' when i first saw jess ' tattoo , i thought , `` oh my god that 's a bad mistake '' . the `` jack '' is quite substantial . ' names are a common cover-up . in the tattoo world it 's believed to be a jinx , if you put someone 's name on your body , it will end up bad . ' david designed a feminine paisley style tattoo to cover up the name and jess was delighted with the end result . she said : ' i love it , it looks amazing , jack is no more , you ca n't see the old tattoo at all . i feel like a weight is off my shoulders , it has a closed a chapter for me , now i can finally move on . ' now i can look down and see a nice tattoo instead of bad memories . ' a firm of lawyers is offering a free tattoo amendment service to its clients who are filing for divorce and have their ex-partner 's name inked on their body . stephensons solicitors llp is giving its clients the opportunity to turn the tattooed name of their former partner into a work of art . it is also offering to ' cover up ' the tattoos which were purchased ' during better times ' . stephensons solicitors llp is giving its clients the opportunity to turn the tattooed name of their former partner into a work of art after filing for divorce . the firm is working with entertainment television channel trutv to offer the unique service so clients can get over their ex-spouse . it comes after a new series of television show ' tattoo nightmares ' will air on the channel . the new service will be trialled for customers who file for divorce at the firm 's london office from april 20 , 2015 . mike devlin , from stephensons ' family law team , said : ' it 's not unusual for us to see clients who have tattoos of their ex-partners ' names . ' acquired during better times , when going through a family breakdown , these are an unnecessary reminder of the past . ' covering these tattoos helps our clients to focus on moving forward . divorce and family breakdown is one of the most stressful times in a person 's life and we do everything we can to ease that process . ' 