a 20-year-old university of mary washington student was found murdered on friday in virginia and her older male roommate has now been arrested and charged with the killing . grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg , near the college campus , about 3pm . local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , however police have not commented on the cause of death . the fourth roommate of the house , steven vander briel , 30 , was home when the two women stumbled upon the body , but ran out of the house , according to fredericksburg.com . scroll down for video . murdered : a university of mary washington student has been charged with abduction and murder in the death of his roommate , 20-year-old grace rebecca mann of falls church ( pictured ) . charged : steven vander briel , 30 ( left ) , is accused of killing mann ( right ) , an active umw junior , and fleeing the scene . he was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot . mann is believed to have been asphyxiated . one of the women started to perform cpr as the other called 911 . mann - the daughter of a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in fairfax county - was rushed to mary washington hospital , but pronounced dead shortly after arriving . a major manhunt was subsequently launched for briel . a nearby school , james monroe high school , was placed on lock-down as officers scoured the streets with police dogs . just over two hours later , about 5.30pm , some officers saw briel emerge from the woods near riverside first church of god on fall hill avenue . he was arrested and taken in for questioning . police have since charged briel with first-degree murder and abduction . scene : grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home on washington avenue about 3 p.m. , fredericksburg police said . four people lived at the home - mann and briel , and two other females that found mann 's body . manhunt : vander briel was taken into custody following a two-hour manhunt that included police dogs and about 20 city police officers . accused : police have charged steven vander briel , 30 , with first-degree murder and abduction in the death of grace rebecca mann . family : grace mann is the daughter of thomas mann , a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in fairfax county , and melissa mann , local media reported . there was no known personal relationship between mann and briel , other than the fact they lived together , nbc washington reported . no motive has been released and the circumstances surrounding the death also remain unknown . briel attended umw from 2002 to 2007 and then re-enrolled for the spring 2015 semester as a political science major . mann was a junior from falls church , virginia . she was a history and american studies major . she also was an executive board member of feminist united and recently appointed to the president’s task force on sexual assault . she was also a member of the student government association senate . ' she was moving mountains , ' one student , theresa buczek , wrote on facebook . active : mann was a popular and active umw junior who was majoring in history and american studies . popular : mann was an executive board member of feminist united and recently appointed to the president’s task force on sexual assault . as word spread around campus friday , tributes started pouring in for mann , who was described as determined and energetic . umw senior paige mckinsey told nbc washington that mann was working towards becoming a lawyer . ' as an american studies major , grace focused her studies on the mass incarceration rates of underprivileged communities with hopes of becoming a lawyer to one day serve those communities , ' mckinsey said . ' as a friend , grace brought love and joy into every interaction and every person she came across . '