this is the university equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a ' no white men ' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup . a picture of bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination . the handmade poster also refers to a ban on ' cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender . message : this picture of bahar mustafa , the student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university , shows her posing in front if a ' no white men ' sign while pretending to cry . row : ms mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from attending the meeting in this facebook post . the photograph first appeared on miss mustafa 's facebook profile on tuesday , six days after she told white people and men ' not to come ' to a meeting she was organising to discuss ' diversifying the curriculum ' . she wrote on facebook last week : ‘ invite loads of bme [ black and minority ethnic ] women and non-binary people ! ! also , if you’ve been invited and you’re a man and/or white please don’t come just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a bme women and non-binary event only . ’ non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female . miss mustafa , 27 , added : ‘don’t worry lads we will give you and allies things to do’ , followed by a wink . the event’s online page said it was open to ‘self-defining black and ethnic minority women and non-binary people with gender identities that include “woman” . ’ a notice about the meeting later appeared to show the ban had been dropped , stating : ' allies now welcome ! ' miss mustafa , pictured at a demonstration , describes herself as a ‘ queer , anti-racist feminist killjoy’ and previously organised a ' bme only social’ before showing the film dear white people . the post was met with outrage by students of the university , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ' patronising beyond belief ' . the story was covered by student newspaper the tab just hours after miss mustafa first posted the image . goldsmiths ' union eventually backed down after a backlash from students . the ban on men and white students is surprising , since the organisers claim to promote ‘ zero tolerance’ for ‘ all forms of prejudice , discrimination and oppression’ . a senior union member told student newspaper the tab that miss mustafa’s actions had made it ‘ very difficult’ for male students . in the hours after the story made national news yesterday , a friend of miss mustafa again posted the picture of her pretending to cry to facebook . he wrote : ' when you thought the cup in the picture was big enough for white tears ' . in february , miss mustafa , whose twitter biography says she is ‘ queer , anti-racist feminist killjoy’ , also organised a ' bme only social’ before showing the film dear white people . today her friends posted supportive messages on her facebook page and also offered her a place to stay if she needed it . but not everyone was so supportive . one facebook friend , called jessie , wrote : ' you do not speak for me . i voted you into the position of welfare and diversity officer . ' your passion is inspiring . but i ca n't defend this . we can not best `` them '' by being them . we can not demand to be included by excluding . ' to specifically exclude a group of people from any event is to become the oppressor . as the oppressed , we should not wish to inflict upon others that pain which we know to be harmful to us . ' this is not the goldsmiths i love ' . bahar mustafa , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a ' diversity ' meeting . graduate : miss mustafa recently completed an ma in gender and media studies and won election to become the union's welfare and diversity officer . miss mustafa recently graduated from goldsmiths with an ma in gender and media studies . criticism : critics have said that miss mustafa’s actions had made it ‘ very difficult’ for male students but friends have also defended her . she is understood to live with her mother nursen , 55 , father ismail , 57 , and sister ipek , 23 , in enfield in a £450,000 three-bedroom terrace . the daily mail tried to contact miss mustafa but she was not available to explain the comments apparently posted from her facebook account . a friend told mailonline she ' does not want to talk to you ' . yesterday a spokesman for goldsmiths said the university had no part in the decisions of the union , adding : ‘ we are proud of our diverse community and do not tolerate any form of oppression , including racism , sexism or any other form of bigotry . ‘ we have written to the students’ union to express our concern . ’ the union said : ‘ goldsmiths students’ union places huge importance on equality and diversity . ‘ it is in this vein that we host spaces where specific minority groups who experience similar discrimination can talk together confidently about overcoming the structural disadvantages and prejudice they face . ‘ the accusation that we discriminate is one we refute wholeheartedly ' . goldsmiths has insisted the student union is a separate organisation over which it has no control . 