mario balotelli hit back at those criticising his absence for liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final win over blackburn rovers due to illness by attempting to prove he had a high temperature . robbie savage branded balotelli ' pathetic ' for missing the game , four days after he withdrew himself from the liverpool squad for their trip to arsenal following a ' slight knock ' suffered in training . liverpool manager brendan rodgers revealed the £16million striker travelled with the squad to blackburn , but that he felt too ill to take part after staying over in the hotel with his team-mates . mario balotelli responded to robbie savage 's labelling of the liverpool striker as ' pathetic ' . balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn rovers this week . brendan rodgers revealed balotelli withdrew himself from the squad on saturday and fell ill on wednesday . liverpool scraped through to a wembley date with aston villa in the fa cup semi-finals thanks to philippe coutinho 's strike . with 20 minutes remaining at ewood park , the brazilian fired the ball across goal and past rovers keeper simon eastwood . click here to read ian ladyman 's report . bt sport pundit and former blackburn midfielder savage said : ' pathetic is n't it ? you 're going to miss an fa cup quarter-final ? ' i do n't know how unwell he is , but to miss an fa cup quarter-final when you 're feeling a bit ill ? nonsense . i would have to be really , really ill to miss that game . ' balotelli responded by posting a photograph of himself on instagram , holding a thermometer reading 38.7 celsius — 1.7c above ' normal ' body temperature . philippe coutinho fires home the winner to send liverpool into the fa cup semi-final against reading . coutinho celebrates with his team-mates as liverpool keep their dreams of winning a trophy alive . mario balotelli reported a temperature of 38.7c ( 101.66f ) which is indeed above the normal body temperature of 37c ( 99.5f ) . the liverpool striker may also have felt hot , sweaty , thirsty , very uncomfortable and slightly hungry . he may also have felt tired . should body temperature reach 40c ( 104f ) , the person will be dehydrated and may suffer from vomiting and dizziness . with the snap , balotelli wrote : ' nothing stop me to watch my team winning . at least this time you know the real reason i am out . miss the pitch so much # unluckyseason # ynwa # illbeback [ sic ] . ' rodgers planned to use balotelli for the fa cup tie , but admitted it was at the final moment his misfiring striker became unavailable . ' mario travelled with us . he trained well , [ but ] fell ill last night , ' rodgers said ahead of the match which ended 1-0 to liverpool . ' he stayed overnight with us in the hotel , [ but ] woke up still not feeling great . the doctors ' advice was to send him back . ' balotelli 's absence follows the italian missing last saturday 's 4-1 defeat by arsenal . the striker did not travel to the emirates for the crunch clash after sustaining a hamstring injury in training on friday . rodgers said at the time : ' he trained on friday afternoon with the team and he took a slight knock to his knee and he deemed himself not able to travel . ' i 'm not a medic . he felt it was too sore to travel . the medical staff have looked at it . it was just something that he himself did n't feel comfortable enough to travel . ' but balotelli was reportedly later spotted with a group of friends at a private table at manchester nightclub one central street . bt sport pundit savage feels it shows balotelli 's lack of determination to be absent for the fa cup tie .