dylan miller , a senior studying english and philosophy at juniata college decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living . a student at juniata college has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living . dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , in huntingdon , pennsylvania , studying english and philosophy , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities . with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms . he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall , 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply , away from the luxuries of the present day . miller , a 21-year-old from meadville , pennsylvania , told philly.com he 's ' gotten used to roughing it ' . ' i 'm comfortable sleeping here now and walking around in the woods . i feel very free , ' he said . his one-room structure sits on his campus 's baker-henry nature reserve . with the help of trees and rope he formed the structure and insulated it with vegetation . oak plank floorboards came from a friend 's barn . ' i think my generation is going to make a lot of sacrifices for a healthy future when it comes to materialism and energy usage , ' miller , 21 , said . ' a lot of people associate giving up things with less happiness . but i want to show people that you can live like a king even if you have very little . ' scroll down for video . miller , 21 , has been living in the one-room hut on juniata's baker-henry nature reserve in huntingdon , pennsylvania , since september . miller built the hut out of fallen trees , leaves , rope and a tarp . he used vegetation as insulation . there is no plumbing or electricity in the structure , which is about a half-hour walk from campus . assistant professor of english will dickey approved miller 's project and ' thought it was a fantastic idea ' . ' most of us are happy to watch tv at night to unwind , ' dickey told philly.com . ' but dylan is interested in a firsthand experience : mentally , emotionally , physically , and spiritually . as thoreau said in walden , i 'm fronting only the essentials in life and living it firsthand . ' miller has used a journal to document his lifestyle and thoughts throughout his time in the huts with hopes of better understanding henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson . his 21-page proposal for the project provided a lengthy reading list that featured works by thoreau , emerson and aldo leopold , plus a buddhist text called the dhammapada , according to usa today . during his daily campus trips , miller charges his computer and phone and showers at friends ' houses when he can . miller used oak paneling from a friend 's old barn to create the floor of his structure . he hopes to use is project to better understand writers such as henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson . in order to get the project approved , miller had to agree to adhere to a series of rules , including having a cellphone for emergencies and a portable toilet . ' but i do n't have any internet access out here . and there 's no tv or radio , ' he said . ' i have books , and that 's about it . ' for the project to be approved , miller had to follow a list of campus and state requirements , including having a portable toilet and cellphone . the campus police also have the authority to decide if weather conditions are too harsh for miller to stay in the hut . his outdoor portable toiled did , however , become the victim of a bear attack back in october . ' i woke up one night to hear the toilet being bashed against my shelter , ' he said . ' the bear ran away . in the morning , i saw the teeth marks and claw holes in the toilet ... it was still usable . ' as graduation nears for miller , he 's making plans to tear down the hut . ' that will be a teaching in itself , ' he said . ' nothing lasts forever . ' because the hut has no electricity , miller has to study by candle light and lantern when it gets dark outside . but he often charges his laptop and phone while on campus each day . he also showers at friends ' houses when he has the chance .