referee mark clattenburg has been named to take charge of the manchester derby on sunday , despite having sent off three players from united and city this season . city captain vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 , meaning he is now suspended for the match against wales in june . and , although clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past , it 's worth noting that the 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the premier league this season and both have been from united ; tyler blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by leicester and luke shaw in the 1-1 draw with west ham . mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford . the english referee sent off city and belgium captain vincent kompany during the international break . leicester 5-3 manchester united . west ham 1-1 manchester united . manchester united 3-0 tottenham . manchester city 3-1 west ham . liverpool 2-1 manchester city . chelsea 1-1 manchester city . clattenburg has courted controversy during his career but is generally regarded as one of the premier league 's leading referees alongside michael oliver . the champion 's shock 2-1 loss to crystal palace on monday saw united move a point above their local rivals to add extra incentive for both sides ahead of the derby at old trafford , which could ultimately decide who finishes second behind expected winners chelsea . while manuel pellegrini 's side have struggled since the turn of the year , turning from title challengers to fourth place chases , united are coasting on confidence having won their last five consecutive league games . clattenburg will be joined on sunday by assistants simon beck and jake collin , while jonathan moss will serve as the fourth official . clattenburg has shown only two red cards this season , both to united players including luke shaw ( centre ) .    