valencia turned up the heat on atletico madrid in the fight for third place in la liga when a 3-0 derby victory at home to levante on monday lifted the singapore-owned club to within a point of the champions with seven games left . paco alcacer nodded valencia in front from a dani parejo centre in the 16th minute at the mestalla before lucas orban crossed for sofiane feghouli to head a second for the home side nine minutes before the break . valencia forward paco alcacer celebrates his goal against levante . substitute alvaro negredo completed a resounding victory when he crashed a shot into the top corner in the third minute of added time . valencia , who missed out on a place in continental competition last season , are fourth on 65 points , with atletico , who drew 2-2 at malaga on saturday , on 66 in third . feghouli told spanish television valencia , who play at leaders barcelona on saturday , had been itching to get back to winning ways after consecutive draws against villarreal and athletic bilbao . valencia defender shkodran mustafi has a shot on goal on monday night . ' i think we controlled the game pretty well against a team who sits back and defends and we tried to attack down the wings , ' added the algeria forward . ' we are going to try make things difficult for barca and all we are thinking about is winning the next game . ' barca lead on 75 points after they squandered a 2-0 lead and drew 2-2 at fifth-placed sevilla on saturday , two ahead of second-placed real madrid , 3-0 winners at home to eibar . valencia 's paco alcacer takes on levante defender loukas vyntra at the mestalla . the top three places carry a berth in the champions league group stage , while fourth earns a spot in qualifying for europe 's elite club competition . valencia last won la liga in 2004 under rafa benitez and backed by a new owner , singapore billionaire peter lim , current coach nuno has begun the process of turning the club back into contenders in spain and europe . they reached the champions league final in 2000 and 2001 , losing to real madrid and bayern munich respectively , but subsequent financial problems forced them to cash in on top players , including david villa , david silva and juan mata . levante , valencia 's second club , are flirting with relegation and monday 's defeat left them third from bottom on 28 points .