floyd mayweather 's spending habits are well known but his car dealer has revealed that the boxer bizarrely rang him at 3am to order a bugatti - insisting the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours . the £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later , and was added to his collection of impressive motors . obi okeke , who owns fusion luxury motors , was interviewed on the video on mayweather 's facebook page and spoke about the very late phone call he received . floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours . obi okele , the owner of fusion luxury motors , was given the task of getting mayweather the bugatti . he said : ' the most challenging thing i 've ever done for floyd is when he called me at three o'clock in the morning and said , obi , i want a bugatti and i want one in my driveway in 12 hours . ' i then showered , went into my office , did some work and hopped on a plane and got the car , in his driveway , in 11 hours and that makes me a better person , it makes me work harder , it makes me not limit myself , so those are the things that rub off on me from him . ' it 's not the only request that okele has had to deal with from mayweather 's extravagant demands , as the fighter once turned up at the dealership at 2am - walking out with a ferrari enzo . ' i got a call from overseas in the middle east that there was a us-spec enzo for sale , so i hopped on a plane and flew to abu dhabi . i then transacted the car and put it in a boeing 777 passenger plane and flew it out of abu dhabi . ' so floyd came to the dealership and he kept coming and looking at the car . then he came in one night around two in the morning and said , `` obi , i wan na buy two ferrari 458s , '' and that 's what he said . ' then i said ok , then he pauses for a minute and goes , `` obi , i 'm not going to buy them 458s , i want to buy that enzo and i want to buy it now . lets go . `` ' mayweather 's mega-fight with manny pacquiao is just three weeks away and the undefeated champion continues to work in the gym and keep his impressive record intact . this bugatti is similar to the one mayweather purchased at 3am and is worth an estimated £1.5million . the interior of the super-car is in pristine condition and is one of a number of bugatti 's mayweather owns .