a homeless couple forced to live in their car after pay-day loan debts spiralled out of control are getting their lives back on track - thanks to a caring businessman . philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months , after a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener . their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant , but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut . philip was given a lifeline by local businessman jasen jackiw ( right ) a manchester business owner who heard about the story on a tv programme . philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months , after a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener . with no choice but to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans , philip and victoria were eventually forced to leave their home and live in their ford focus in warrington to be closer to victoria 's job . the distraught couple even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a twix chocolate bar while sleeping in their car . driving to various supermarkets and public toilets to wash and brush their teeth before victoria went to work , and philip went to the job centre , became the norm each morning . but thanks to the kindness of jason jackiw , a manchester business owner who heard about the heartbreaking story on a tv programme , philip , 42 , has been thrown a lifeline . he has now started work as a stock manager at jason 's firm prymo , a specialist re-surfacing company based in sale . managing director jasen jackiw , 30 , said : ' i saw philip was getting a lot of hate from some people saying he was just lazy , and i thought well i 'll give him a job if he really wants one . he started two weeks ago and he 's just been brilliant . ' philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation and then the pair lost their benefits . it became commonplace for the pair to wash in public toilets or at the facilities of local supermarkets . and philip , who has been desperately looking for work for months , is proving to be a much-needed asset to the company . jasen added : ' he runs all the warehouse and stock now , and does a bit of the maintenance stuff too , and we have never been so organised there as we are now . ' and he even goes out marketing for us too . he 's been absolutely fantastic , and i 've already said to him , `` right you 're going nowhere . '' ' all i saw was somebody who was desperate to get into work , and we needed somebody to manage the stock so it made sense . ' i was given an opportunity to start my business and i knew he needed an opportunity to get back on his feet . we did say to him that if he struggled with the job then we might not be able to keep him on , but he 's grabbed it with both hands and hit the ground running . ' despite things looking up , the pair are still living out of their car but they stay in hotels whenever they can . philip could n't believe it when the offer of a job came through , and although the couple still spend some nights living in their van , whenever they can afford it they treat themselves to a bed in a hotel - and hope to get their own flat in the future . philip added : ' we were fighting for months to keep a roof over our head , but in january we could n't fight any more . ' whenever we can afford it we 'll get a hotel , but jasen gave us a van because we had to get rid of our car , so we sleep in there too . ' and the ex-gardener is enjoying his new job managing the stock for prymo . philip , 42 , added : ' jasen saw what i was going through , and it 's heart-warming that there are people out there who will do this for a total stranger and i 'm really enjoying the job . i 'm a bit older than most of the people there so i try to make a difference . ' the distraught couple even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a twix chocolate bar while sleeping in their car . 