disgraced nbc anchor brian williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel ' really ugly ' , it has been reported . the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down ' without a fight ' as he looks to return to his post on nbc nightly news , according to a source close to the network . it comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found williams 's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . disgraced nbc anchor brian williams ( pictured ) has threatened to make his departure from the channel ' really ugly ' , it has been reported . he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq . a source said to be close to nbc has told the new york post how williams ' is saying he’s not going down without a fight and ( is ) threatening to make it really ugly ' . williams is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of the nightly news . he was replaced by lester holt , who has kept ratings relatively steady . it is unclear whether nbc will put williams back in the top slot when the suspension ends . iraq shame : williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a us military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade . yesterday it was reported that nbc news chief andrew lack wanted williams to resume his role . but this contradicted earlier claims that nbc executives wanted williams out and were trying to negotiate his resignation . a source told the new york daily news ' andy ( lack ) believes viewers want him ( williams ) back . ' the feeling is that ( williams ' ) problem seems to be more with the media and other reporters than his viewers - if andy can figure out a way to get him back on the air he will do it . ' the source added that lack ' will not make a decision about williams ' fate until the network 's internal probe is complete . ' on tuesday , a report emerged in the hollywood reporter that lack was in fact not convinced that williams would be able to return . williams has reportedly been banned from speaking publicly about the investigation , or defending himself against any new claims . he is reported to have signed a deal with the network last year to continue at the network thought to be worth $ 10million a year . according to the new york post , nbc news has yet to make any decision 's about the newsman 's future .