with the date of their hugely anticipated bout less than a month away , floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's training intensity has hit gruelling levels ahead of the clash in las vegas . mayweather is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career . but the latest pictures released from his training camp , appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head , displays the extreme level he hits in order to be as fit as possible for his fights . manny pacquiao ( right ) poses alongside actor mark wahlberg , who visited the filipino at training . floyd mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing hold a weight from his head . mayweather ( left ) takes on pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather ( left ) appeared to take his training intensity to a new height before his meeting with pacquiao . as for pacquiao , he had a famous visitor check up on his preparations for may 2 . actor mark wahlberg stopped by to see the filipino going through his paces and pacquiao took to twitter to thank him for stopping by . ' thank you @ mark_wahlberg for visiting me and supporting me at training in preparation for may 2 . thank you lord , ' pacquiao wrote alongside the image of the pair . but despite taking time out from his training to meet wahlberg , pacquiao made sure it was known he has not backed off the intensity of his regime . ' do n't make training easy , ' pacquiao said on twitter . ' make it harder so that you will get better . ' pacquiao also tweeted a picture showing the physical shape he is in with another 27 days to go before the meeting with mayweather . mayweather ( left ) goes through his paces in training while pacquiao released a picture of his physical shape . mayweather ( right ) released a series of pictures of his training camp to social media sight shots . pacquiao and mayweather 's clash will be a reported £160million mega-fight , with pacquiao seeking to inflict a first ever defeat upon mayweather . the 36-year-old pacquiao also uploaded a picture to his twitter page away from training with his daughter . ' my daughter wrote in her what i like about my dad book # 46 ' i am so happy that you are a great husband to mommy . ' pacquiao said . mayweather , meanwhile , shared an image of him listening to music to wind down from his training schedule . mayweather ( right ) is seeking to avoid a first ever career defeat when he takes on pacquiao . pacquiao uploaded a pictire of him enjoying time with his daughter , away from his training base . mayweather relaxes away from his training camp by listening to some music .    