if wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship , then their new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming . martyn waghorn took that a little too literally against millwall , his red card for a senseless kick at dan harding punished by a lions side determined to avoid a similar fate . when waghorn , who played for millwall on loan from leicester in 2013 , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points . and they were duly delivered when jimmy abdou headed home harding’s cross with 15 minutes remaining , sending a febrile den into raptures . millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute magaye gueye after he scored their second goal . lions no 1 david forde celebrates after jimmy abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike . martyn waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for wigan and one for millwall in the fiesty clash . millwall : forde ( c ) ; cummings , nelson , beevers , harding ; upson , abdou , williams ( bailey 42 ) , martin ( gueye 68 ) ; o’brien ( woolford 84 ) , gregory . substitutes not used : archer ( gk ) ; cowan-hall , fuller , taylor-fletcher . scorers : abdou 75 ; gueye 90+3 . booked : gregory , martin , bailey , beevers . sent off : upson . wigan athletic : carson ; boyce , maguire , pearce , bong ; pennant ( chow 81 ) , perch ( c ) , kvist ( ojo 90+1 ) , kim bo-kyung , mclean ; fortune ( waghorn 53 ) . substitutes not used : al habsi ( gk ) ; mccann , barnett , murphy . booked : bong , bo-kyung . sent off : waghorn , pearson . referee : stephen martin ( staffordshire ) . in his six seasons at the club , that was only abdou’s seventh goal . what a time for it . the official millwall twitter account reassured followers it wasn’t a misprint . there was more drama to follow . jason pearce followed waghorn down the tunnel for a dreadful tackle on aiden o’brien as tempers flared in the closing stages , with millwall’s ed upson also dismissed for his reaction . the game had threatened to erupt all night . there were two confrontations in the first-half , with caldwell and his millwall counterpart neil harris on the edge of their technical areas appealing for calm . and a second goal from magaye gueye in the third minute of stoppage time made absolutely sure , the substitute leading a breakaway on his own before finishing calmly past carson . millwall’s win keeps the championship relegation battle very much alive and throws the pressure onto rotherham united , who face fulham on wednesday night . the plot could also thicken further if rotherham are docked three points for fielding an ineligible player in their win over brighton earlier this month . hope is still very much alive in south london after this , the gap closed to just four points . harris had described this match as a ‘ cup final’ and his players responded . snapping into every challenge , first to every ball , they wanted it more than caldwell’s men . wigan 's former arsenal and liverpool winger jermaine pennant ( left ) takes on dan harding of millwall . millwall 's aiden o'brien ( left ) competes with emmerson boyce of wigan during the relegation six-pointer . the lions manager proudly declared afterwards : ‘ that was a millwall performance , that’s what this club is all about . if the players haven’t learned anything from me before tonight , they certainly have now . ‘ i don’t necessarily condone challenges and melees but if you need a spark at the den , then you have to take care of your own . ’ and he couldn’t resist a joke at the expense of abdou’s scoring record after his first goal in two years . ‘ jimmy abdou is a great fellow , a great servant to millwall fc , ’ he said . ‘ if anyone deserved that goal for his performances since i took over . he has the ability to do that and i’ve been telling him for seven years he can do that . ‘he’s got the ability in the legs , i think his last goal was in training about three and a half years ago ! ’ with wigan seven points from safety , millwall’s approach left manager gary caldwell irritated . he said : ‘ there was one team out there trying to play football and another trying to rough us up . ‘ the game got out of hand second-half , we needed a strong ref in a stadium like this . ’ wigan’s james mcclean rattled the outside of the post with a cross-cum-shot that almost caught goalkeeper david forde out after five minutes , while at the other end , scott carson had to race off his line to thwart aiden o’brien when he broke clear . but overall the first-half was a poor spectacle , enlivened only by the handbags that engaged the crowd . wigan 's james perch ( right ) goes up for a header with millwall midfielder shaun williams . wigan manager gary caldwell looks on nervously as his hopes of survival are dented . within the first five minutes of the second-half , millwall created more than their sum total in the first . former england stopper carson had to be at his athletic best to turn away an o’brien shot that seemed destined for the top corner . and when thew red mist descended on waghorn , there was only one winner . it coincided with millwall’s best spell in the game and they capitalised when abdou produced his potentially season-defining header . after gueye made sure at the end , chants of ‘ super neil harris’ echoed around the ground . is another heroic act from this club legend on the cards ?