paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe camembert . going from shop to shop to collect all of the essentials for a picnic can be a pain , so a made-to-order delivery service is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the french capital like a local . paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city . visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online . le classique picnic , which costs €55 ( £40 ) for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , an assortment of cheeses , charcuterie , gourmet crisps , fresh fruit , a green salad , water and a seasonal dessert . le chic comes in at €85 ( $ 62 ) and comes with all of the above , as well as champagne , foie gras and macarons . customers then select where and when they want their picnic delivered to . the company recommends giving them one to two days ' notice but last-minute requests can be accommodated . the tuileries gardens near the louvre is one of paris ' perfect picnic spots in the spring time . for an additional fee , romantics can add a photo shoot , flowers or arrange a surprise set-up - perfect for those wanting to pop the question in the city of love . each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine . and each one is delivered in a bright yellow piaggio called pepe . the picnics are the brainchild of american couple patrick johnson and katia kroupnik , who state on their website : ' whether picnicking along the canal st-martin or under the eiffel tower , up in hilly buttes chaumont or in one of the countless parks that span paris from the bois de boulogne to the bois de vincennes , it 's easy to feel that paris was made for le pique-nique . ' by partnering with artisan food and wine producers around france and offering free delivery to select locations across the city , paris picnic simplifies the process of planning and arranging a picnic . '