the mother of a baby born with deformed hands and feet in china is pleading for her husband to come home – four months after he told her he was going out to earn money for the girl 's surgery . worried jiang min says she has now run out of cash and can’t even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter . she told people’s daily online : ‘ doctors said it’s best for mengyu to have her operation between the age of four to six months . ‘ but she is now six-and-a-half months and we simply do not have the money for her to have the operation - and her hands have started to fester . ’ desperate plight : jiang min . pictured with her daughter mengyu , has n't seen her husband for months . the family 's plight has attracted the attention of local media in binzhou city , who have cruelly compared mengyu 's webbed hands and feet to ‘pigs’ trotters’ . her father , who has not been named , left the family home in lao jun tang village in shandong province at the start of the year - telling them he was heading to binzhou city to find work . he has not been heard from since . little mengyu 's hands are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery . her feet are webbed , and local reporters have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as ' trotters ' . his wife phoned a restaurant where he previously worked but was told he had left his job a while ago . she says she can’t understand why her husband has disappeared , as they had been happily married for more than a decade . the couple 's oldest daughter is aged ten . a local charity has offered to pay for mengyu 's basic medical care after hearing about her from local news sources - and she is being tended to at a hospital near her home . in need of surgery : baby mengyu is receiving basic medical treatment that is being paid for by a charity . doing her best : mum jiang min looks after mengyu at home but is struggling to pay for even food . distraught : jiang min breaks down while telling chinese reporters about her dire situation . she says she ca n't understand why she has n't heard from her husband - pictured with her on their wedding day a decade ago . jiang said mengyu 's father took her to a local hospital soon after she was born but its doctors told him they did not have the facilities to help . they advised him to take mengyu to the larger wei fang mou hospital . her parents phoned specialists there , who said mengyu would require surgery . her father left home shortly afterwards and the family are now in poverty . ‘ even buying milk powder is a problem for us , ’ said jiang . ‘ we are so poor that my oldest daughter asked me for 5 yuan ( 50p ) to buy books for her class the other day and i could n't even afford that . ’ she said she continued to hope that her husband would return home .