two hours before the miami open semifinal , novak djokovic practiced his returns in an empty stadium , the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving john isner . the drill helped . djokovic achieved a breakthrough service break against isner and won friday night , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-2 . ' he 's probably the best server we have in the game , ' djokovic said . ' but i managed to get a lot of serves back . that was one of the keys in the match , making him play and getting into the rally and making him work extra . ' novak djokovic beat john isner in straight sets to reach the finalof the miami open on friday night . the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title and will face andy murray . the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title . his opponent sunday will be two-time champion andy murray , who defeated tomas berdych 6-4 , 6-4 . djokovic became the first player in the tournament to break isner , and managed another break two games later . he actually outserved the 6-foot-10 american , totaling 10 aces to nine for isner , and never faced a break point . a taut , one-hour opening set created plenty of drama for the capacity crowd . isner held despite several long service games and erased the only break point he faced late in the set , but he won only two of five points on his serve in the pivotal tiebreaker . djokovic 's biggest hole while serving was a love-30 deficit late in the first set . he responded with consecutive aces and escaped . djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in miami and will take on scotsman murray in sunday 's final . djokovic 's first break gave him a 2-1 edge in the second set , and that margin grew to 5-1 . he finished with just eight unforced to 31 by isner , who lost 70 percent of his second-serve points . ' i needed to step in and use those opportunities , ' djokovic said . ' when i have his second serve , i 'd better use it properly and try to be aggressive . ' djokovic won the key biscayne title in 2007 , 2011 , 2012 and 2014 . serena williams bids for her eighth key biscayne title saturday against carla suarez navarro . djokovic 's biggest holin serving was a love-30 deficit late in the first , he responded with consecutive aces . murray lost his first service game in each set but recovered and moved closer to his third key biscayne title by beating berdych . murray won the championship in 2009 and 2013 , and was the runner-up in 2012 . the scotsman has a home in nearby miami and practices on the key biscayne courts . ' i 've obviously played some good tennis here over the years , ' murray said . ' the reason for that is because i 'm extremely familiar with the conditions , with the surface , the way the court plays . ' aside from his two shaky service games , the no . 3-seeded murray played almost flawless tennis against no . 8 berdych , extending points with scrambling defense until the czech would finally make a mistake . djokovic won the key biscayne title in 2007 , 2011 , 2012 and 2014 and is now going for his sixth miami crown . murray , by contrast , totaled only eight unforced errors from the baseline . he improvised , too , winning points with unorthodox strokes requiring compound adjectives , such as a running shoetop-scoop lob and an underhand-swipe backhand drop shot . murray fell behind love-30 serving in the final game but rallied and smacked winners on the final four points , including a nifty forehand volley and cross-court backhand . when a final forehand gave him the win , he screamed in jubilation and repeatedly pumped his arm like a piston . ' i just played a bit better than him . that was the difference , ' murray said . ' when i was behind in games , like the last game , for example , i came up with some big serves and was able to dictate a lot of the rallies from the baseline . ' the final is murray 's first since he was runner-up to djokovic at the australian open on february 1 . the final is murray 's first since he was runner-up to djokovic at the australian open on february 1 , and his first in two years at an atp masters 1000 tournament . he 's 9-3 in masters 1000 finals . murray improved to 6-6 against berdych and has won their past two matches . ' andy changed the game plan a bit , ' berdych said . ' he started to play much more aggressive in the last two matches that he played me . now i know what to expect and i 'll just be more ready for it . ' 