smartly dressed in a bowler hat and waistcoat , these civilians may look like respectable members of society in edwardian england . in fact , they were the drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ' complete incompetence ' . they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 . the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . scroll down for video . boozy : kitted out in a bowler hat and waistcoat , he may appear to be a right-thinking member of edwardian england , but matthew moran was banned from every pub in birmingham at the turn of the century . black listed : alice tatlow was also banned from every birmingham boozer for being ' drunk and disorderly ' ; publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales 's feathers . barred : 46-year-old mary bayliss was one of the many respectable-looking women barred from drinking in birmingham after being found drunk and disorderly . on the blacklist , each drunkard’s entry includes photographs , their name , alias , residence , employment , physical description , distinguishing marks , nature of conviction and the sentence received for booze-related crimes . offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of ' hard labour ' in comparison to today 's fixed penalty or fine . they form part of the uk midlands collection , which covers a 400 year period and contains more than 21 million records detailing the good , the bad and the famous who have shaped the history of the city . unearthed by ancestry , the world 's largest online family history resource , the records are available for all to see . ladette : elizabeth thompson was a 29-year-old prostitute when she was arrested for drunkenness and sentenced to two weeks ' hard labour . rowdy : charwoman susannah booton was arrested for drunken behaviour in february 1906 . criminal : each notice bore a mugshot of the criminal , as well as a description of their nose and face ; annie hodgkins was said to have a ' fresh complexion ' despite being sentenced to three weeks ' hard labour . poster : unemployed kate kibble , another woman convicted of being drunk and disorderly , was described as having a ' broad ' build , as well as losing her right eye and having ' both little fingers crooked ' . some of the bizarre offences committed by past birmingham residents include theft of a dead duck and riding a horse while drunk . nearly 10,000 edwardian felons are listed in the uk midlands criminal registers providing fascinating insight into the murky underworld of birmingham 's metropolis more than a century ago . among those on the blacklist are henry bonus , 40 , who was sentenced to a year 's hard labour and three months ' police supervision after stealing eight pounds of ham . elsewhere , 18-year-old william handley was sentenced to eight months ' hard labour and one-year 's police supervision for stealing a ' dead duck ' and a teapot . careers : sarah henson combined her job as a dressmaker with an extra source of income as a prostitute , before being banned from pubs for being drunk and disorderly . haggard : just 38 , eliza fallon looked a lot older than her years when she was arrested for drunkenness . distinctive : sarah evans , left , and ellen heaton , right , could be recognised by their scars , according to the birmingham archives . records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds , such as metal cutters , grease merchants , labourers and hawkers . many had aliases - suggesting criminal careers - while others had scars or physical handicaps , ranging from kate kibble 's one eye to cut marks on faces , broken noses and missing fingers . some , however , lived perfectly respectable lives - until they walked through the door of their local watering hole . it shows how those living in edwardian england were just as likely to get half-cut and troublesome on a night out as boozy brits in today 's binge drinking culture .