former queens park rangers chairman gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at valley parade . paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left loftus road in 2011 and has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung . the italian seems to have enjoyed more success in west yorkshire where he has forged an official link to bradford , a club which has been one of the great success stories of the season . former qpr chief gianni paladini appears to be keen on taking over the reins at league one side bradford . bradford 's most memorable moment of the season came during their shock fa cup win over chelsea . phil parkinson’s team captured the imagination of fans across the nation when they fought back from 2-0 down to win 4-2 at chelsea in the fa cup and went on to beat sunderland before losing in a quarter-final replay at reading . those fa cup exploits came against a backdrop of colourful and passionate support . they took 8,000 supporters to stamford bridge and generated a brilliant atmosphere for the tie at home to sunderland . it was a reminder of the club’s enormous potential , having been led out of the doldrums of league two and administration by chairmen julian rhodes and mark lawn , with the help of parkinson’s managerial skill . lawn has spoken of the need to attract new investment and paladini is registered as the sole director of bradford city ( holdings ) limited , set up in february . the company was originally set up with paladini and mauro milanese named as directors but milanese’s name has been removed . paladini has previously made an attempt to buy birmingham from carson yeung ( pictured ) . milanese is a former centre half who played for several italian clubs and had one year at qpr during a long playing career and briefly managed leyton orient last year . paladini’s ambitions to return to football are well documented . as well as trying to buy birmingham , he has been linked possible takeovers at millwall and reading . bradford were beaten 6-0 at home by bristol city on tuesday , which confirmed bristol city’s promotion to the championship and virtually ended bradford’s hopes of capping an incredible season by reaching the play-offs . paladini spent eight years at qpr , seizing control after a complicated takeover in 2003 and attracting investment from billionaires lakshmi mittal and f1 chief bernie ecclestone and flavio briatore . he left his role at loftus road in 2011 following the takeover by tony fernandes . 