all well and good having brazilians in your team but they have to be the right ones – barcelona reached the champions league semi-finals at the nou camp at paris saint germain’s expense and neymar tied david luiz in knots in the process . there were no luis suarez nutmegs this time but the former chelsea defender found himself backpedaling hopelessly on the quarter hour as neymar scooted past him for barcelona’s opener . neymar ( top ) celebrates with brazilian compatriot dani alves after scoring his and barcelona 's second goal of the night . neymar accelerates past another brazil teammate , david luiz , before opening the scoring for barcelona on tuesday night . barcelona : ter stegen 6.5 ; dani alves 7.5 , pique 5 , mascherano 6 , jordi alba 6 ; rakitic 7.5 , busquets 7 ( sergi roberto 55 , 6 ) , iniesta 9 ( xavi 45 , 6.5 ) ; messi 6.5 , suarez 6.5 ( pedro 75 , 6 ) , neymar 9 . subs not used : bravo , bartra , adriano , rafinha . goals : neymar 14 , 34 . psg : sirigu 6 ; van der wiel 3.5 , marquinhos 4.5 , luiz 5 , maxwell 6 ; verratti 6 , cabaye 4 ( lucas moura 66 , 6.5 ) , matuidi 6 ( rabiot 80 , 6 ) ; cavani 4 ( lavezzi 80 , 6.5 ) , ibrahimovic 4.5 , pastore 3 . subs not used : douchez , camara , digne , bahebeck . booked : luiz . referee : svein oddvar moen ( norway ) . he was then a spectator on the half hour when his international team-mate got the second climbing unmarked to head dani alves’ cross past salvatore sirigu to make it 5-1 on aggregate . psg’s soft centre cost them in the first leg and it was cruelly exposed again . luiz was also booked inside the first five minutes for a foul on andres iniesta , who ran the first half . the man who won the world cup for spain but is these days criticised for neither scoring nor assisting went on a sublime run for the first goal , pulling away from edinson cavani and swerving past marco verratti before releasing neymar . the french champions thought they were back in the game between the two barcelona goals when on 17 minutes zlatan ibrahimovic had the ball in the net but he was a yard offside when blaise matuidi slipped him through and the flag was raised to rule out the goal . the swede was jeered by barcelona supporters in the early stages as was former barcelona defender maxwell but such was barca’s dominance that home fans eased up on the light-hearted abuse . suarez and messi were also impressive in the first half and alves looked like a man trying to impress a potential employer . psg could still be a possible destination for him beyond the end of this season . he tested sirigu from distance before his assist for neymar’s second . with suarez and alves snapping into challenges and iniesta and neymar providing the finesse barcelona were completely dominant – to the extent that for once messi was not their most impressive performer . the home side eased up after the break and psg breathed more easily without ever threatening to get back into the tie . rakitic saw his shot saved and messi went close with chip that sirigu gathered . barcelona star lionel messi is reunited with his former nou camp teammate zlatan ibrahimovic before kick-off on tuesday night . neymar tucks the ball past psg goalkeeper salvatore sirigu to give barcelona the lead after just 14 minutes . neymar celebrates with andres iniesta after the spain and barcelona star had slid him through for the opening goal . gerard pique ( left ) joins in the celebrations after barcelona had taken a 4-1 aggregate lead to relieve any pressure on them . great britain 's tennis no 1 andy murray ( left ) was at the nou camp alongside his friend and former tennis player ross hutchins . psg did force a save from marc-andre ter stegen 10 minutes into the second half when ibrahimovic tried his luck from distance but the german keeper who has watched claudio bravo not put a foot wrong in the league all season gave another faultless display . missing the domestic campaign has been tough but a final appearance in berlin would be some consolation . luis enrique’s side were so comfortable at half-time xavi replaced the impeccable iniesta at the break . and it wasn’t long before busquets and suarez were also given early cuts . barcelona still have a league to win and play the catalan derby against espanyol this weekend with sill just a narrow two point lead over real madrid . iniesta had done enough in 45 minutes of football to not need to come out after half time . his performance and at times barca’s was a throwback to some of their best football under pep guardiola when the won this completion in both 2009 and 2011 . iniesta was in sensational form for barcelona before replaced at half time by veteran midfielder xavi . barcelona 's captain had been criticised earlier this season for a lack of goals and assists but he looks to be back to his best . guardiola was the name on most supporters lips at half time as news filtered through that bayern were mauling porto and were also heading for the semi-finals . the prospect of barcelona and bayern being drawn together on thursday is mouth-watering . although perhaps on current form , and in view of his side’s injuries , guardiola might prefer to leave the reunions for berlin on june 6 . neymar celebrates scoring his second goal of the night to put barcelona 5-1 up on aggregate to set up a semi-final place . neymar chats with messi after the second goal as barca look ahead to next month 's semi-final .