warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat and could be in trouble with the rugby football league following crowd trouble in the cheshire derby . the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the select security stadium , where they have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year . warrington 's losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of winger matty russell with a leg injury . following a delay caused by a flare , widnes condemned warrington to a third defeat in a row . widnes , hammered by salford in their previous outing , were boosted by the return of influential captain kevin brown from a three-match absence with a hamstring injury and the wolves had no answer to his half-back partnership with joe mellor . yet warrington could hardly have made a better start , with england forward ben westwood collecting a rebound from gareth o'brien 's high kick to score the opening try after only five minutes . it was eight minutes before o'brien could add the goal as the game was stopped to enable stewards to clear the flare from the pitch and remove the offenders . once back under way , the game flowed from end to end but , while widnes scrambled superbly to keep their line intact , the visitors ' defence cracked three times as the vikings found some real potency in their attack . dangerous full-back rhys hanbury got centre cameron phelps through a gap for the first try on 10 minutes and , after russell had hobbled off , his opposite number stefan marsh gathered brown 's pinpoint kick for the first of his brace of scores to give his side a lead they never looked like relinquishing . widnes lost phelps to injury on 29 minutes , which paved the way for 19-year-old matt whitley to make his debut , but they struck again three minutes before the break when mellor 's cut-out gave marsh a clear run for his second try . jack owens managed just one conversion and also missed a long-range penalty attempt on the stroke of half-time but widnes took only five minutes of the second half to extend their lead . a touchline dash from owens created the position for hooker lloyd white to burrow his way over from dummy half for the softest of tries . it went from bad to worse for the visitors when westwood was sin-binned following the concession of three consecutive penalties by his team and the vikings immediately took advantage of the extra man when brown went through a gap for a fifth try . owens converted both tries to make it 26-6 but warrington pulled a try back on 64 minutes through makeshift centre ben currie after the home side were down to 12 men with danny tickle in the sin-bin for a foul on daryl clark . widnes fittingly had the final say when owens went over three minutes from the end for his side 's sixth try . 