lewis hamilton insists he is ready for nico rosberg 's tactics should his mercedes team-mate attempt anything underhand in the wake of his latest outburst . rosberg 's criticism of hamilton following sunday 's chinese grand prix has reopened old wounds that at times festered between the duo last year . the 29-year-old german claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel in his ferrari . lewis hamilton ( right ) insists he is prepared for further criticism from mercede 's team-mate nico rosberg . hamilton beat his mercedes colleague to win the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . mercedes top brass toto wolff and niki lauda insist hamilton was not at fault , with the eventual one-two the best result for the team . with rosberg distinctly second best to hamilton so far this season - as he has been out-qualified and out-raced by the briton in all three grands prix - it remains to be seen what tricks he might have up his sleeve to stop the rot and regain the advantage . in monaco last year it has been suggested by many rosberg deliberately thwarted hamilton during qualifying , earning pole and following up with the race win . in belgium , rosberg earned a rebuke and had sanctions imposed on him by the team after colliding with hamilton on only the second lap which forced the latter out of the race . hamilton ( right ) led rosberg at the chinese grand prix , and later came under criticism from his team-mate . the british racer , who leads the drivers ' championship by 13 points , sprays champagne on a hostess . although aware rosberg may do all he can to beat him , an unperturbed hamilton said : ' i feel pretty well prepared , having experienced all those kind of things . ' that stuff does n't cross my mind . i think we 're professional . we 've been through some ups and downs and now we 're in a good place . ' and anyway , i would like to think i am stronger this year and that will be reflected moving forwards . ' the bottom line is at present rosberg does not have an answer for hamilton 's form and pace as the 30-year-old has won eight of the last 10 races . hamilton has also suggested rosberg should seize a chance when it is presented to him , as was the case in shanghai . hamilton claimed after the race that rosberg ( left ) was not quick enough to catch him even if he tried . the chinese grand prix in shanghai finished with a mercedes one-two , and sebastian vettel third for ferrari . ' you have to try and sympathise with people 's opinions , ' said hamilton . ' i always try , in all walks of life , to put myself in that position because you would n't want that to happen to you . you try to think that . ' but i said to the guys , if i was in second and i had the pace i had , i would have been pushing to be as close as possible and passing . that 's racing . nico did n't try . ' they said maybe he was just comfortable second , and i said `` well , that 's the difference between us . i want to win always '' . ' i would have done everything to get past , or at least pushed for three laps if i could . ' hamilton drives during the formula one grand prix race at the shanghai international circuit on april 12 . but then cuttingly , hamilton added : ' even if he had ( pushed ) , and he had got relatively close , he just was n't quick enough . ' if you take a step back , this is motor racing , man . racing . do n't take away the fun of the racing . it 's racing . ' if i was in second or third , i would have done everything . i would n't have sat back two seconds to make it to the end of the stint . ' of course you want to get to the end of the stint , but if i thought i had more pace i would have tried to have got past , because that 's the best part . '