the future of travel will be virtual . never again will you need to board a plane to be able to take in the world 's most breathtaking locales , at least if facebook has anything to say about it . in a recent q & a on the social media site , ceo and co-founder , mark zuckerberg , opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . according to facebook 's mark zuckerberg , the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments . ' it will be pretty wild , ' zuckerberg replied to a follower online , according to arynews.tv . ' just like we capture photos and videos today and then share them on the internet to let others experience them too , we 'll be able to capture whole 3d scenes and create new environments and then share those with people as well . ' zuckerberg 's views of the future of virtual travel are perhaps unsurprising , considering that the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker , oculus , last year . and at a conference in san francisco last month , facebook 's chief technology officer , mike schroepfer , promised that virtual reality gaming would be coming ' this year . ' never again will you need to endure a long-haul flight to take in some of thailand 's best beaches . thanks to the oculus rift virtual reality headset , users will be able to see the world from multiple viewpoints . facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed , meaning that users will be able to put on a vr headset and explore a location of their choosing . these videos are expected to be filmed with multiple cameras , so users will be able to change their viewpoints , allowing for even more in-depth exploration . described as a ' first step , ' it 's also believed that even more immersive videos are on the horizon , including those which will use oculus rift , the virtual reality headset that straps over your eyes . ' vr is more than just another platform , it can create a whole range of human experiences , ' said michael abrash , the chief scientist at oculus . the facebook founder is n't the first to predict virtual reality as the future of travel . marriott hotels have already trialled oculus rift on a tour of hotels across america , allowing guests to sample different holiday destinations .