there are more conventional ways to apologise to a loved one after an argument . for many a romantic meal , chocolates or even flowers is the best way to win over an angry partner . but for one hapless romeo or juliet they decided a public declaration of their love was the only way to seek forgiveness . written in black marker pen this series of mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over a surrey village , with messages like ' please forgive me ' and ' we need to talk . ' ' i love you ' : the mysterious signs that have appeared across the surrey village of milford . the signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture . they were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of milford , near godalming , on tuesday morning and have sparked speculation as to the identity of author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture . one read : ' i love you do much please forgive what i said please . ' written in bold capitals another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the ' best day of my life . ' the lovelorn writer also said told how they had ' never been happier ' and that their dearest was the love of their life . most people say sorry with flowers , a romantic dinner , or even chocolates . in total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs . desperate measures appeared to work for one unlucky man in october last year , who was spotted in manchester wearing a sandwich board bearing the words : ' i am sorry i lied . ' the man stood in the freezing cold for more than an hour sporting the humiliating hand-painted sign before eventually a woman appeared and walked off with him . do you know who wrote the mysterious cardboard signs in milford or do you believe they are about you ? email flora.drury @ mailonline.co.uk . this is n't the first time someone has taken to the streets to prove their love for their wronged partner : in october a man was spotted in manchester wearing a sandwich bar making it clear he was exceedingly sorry .   