palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi ( illustrated ) as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features . a new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants , despite being closely related to notorious carnivore tyrannosaurus rex , has been discovered in chile . palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics , including its small skull and feet . these features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters velociraptor , carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus , from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian . the presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds , but chilesaurus shows that a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought . the dinosaur from the late jurassic period , around 145 million years ago , is named after the country where it was discovered , as well as honouring diego suárez , who discovered the bones . the seven-year-old came across the fossils at the toqui formation in southern chile when he and his sister , macarena were looking for decorative stones . they were playing at the site because their geologist parents , manuel suarez and rita de la cruz were studying rocks with the aim to better understand the formation of the andes mountain range . experts initially thought diego had unearthed several species , due to chilesaurus ' unusual combination of features . however , more than a dozen specimens have now been excavated , including four skeletons , which demonstrate that the dinosaur combined a variety of unique anatomical traits . the dinosaur has been likened to a platypus , which is one of the most unusual creatures in the animal kingdom , because it 's one of very few mammal to lay eggs , has venomous spurs and a paddle-shaped tail like a beaver , as well as webbed feet and a bill like a duck , among other idiosyncrasies . most of the specimens discovered are the size of a turkey , but some isolated bones reveal the maximum size of chilesaurus was around 10 feet ( three metres ) long , according to chilean and argentinian palaeontologists from institutions including the university of birmingham who have studied the skeletons . unusual : fossils dating from the late jurassic period , around 145 million years ago , reveal an unusual combination of features from various dinosaur groups , including relatively short arms , a long neck , small head and leaf-shaped teeth ( pictured ) . bizarre : palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics including its small skull and feet , which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the dinosaur itself , has a lengthy neck and must have had good balance ( illustrated ) . palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . the late jurassic dinosaur lived 145 million years ago . it has a small skull and feet , which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to jurassic theropods such as allosaurus , but has two blunt fingers instead of sharp claws , like the velociraptor , for example . chilesaurus ' pelvic girdle resembles that of the ornithischian dinosaurs - beaked , herbivorous dinosaurs such as stegosaurs and iguanadon . it has leaf-shaped teeth , similar to those of primitive long-neck dinosaurs . most unusually , the animal was a vegetarian , despite belonging the theopod family of dinosaurs , which were mostly fierce meat eaters . the dinosaur ranged in size from as small as a turkey to 10 ft ( three metres ) long . they discovered that chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to jurassic theropods such as allosaurus . but its hands have two blunt fingers , instead of sharp claws like its fellow theropod the velociraptor . chilesaurus ' pelvic girdle resembles that of the ornithischian dinosaurs - beaked , herbivorous dinosaurs such as stegosaurs and iguanadon - whereas it is actually classified in the other basic dinosaur division – saurischia , according to the study published in the journal nature . the different parts of the body of chilesaurus were adapted to a particular diet and way of life , which was similar to other groups of dinosaurs . as a result of these habits , different regions of the body of chilesaurus evolved resembling those present in other , unrelated groups of dinosaurs - a phenomenon called evolutionary convergence . chilesaurus represents one of the most extreme cases of evolutionary convergence . for example , its leaf-shaped teeth are similar to those of primitive long-neck dinosaurs because they were selected over millions of years as a result of a similar diet between these two lineages of dinosaurs . ' chilesaurus can be considered a `` platypus '' dinosaur because different parts of its body resemble those of other dinosaur groups due to mosaic convergent evolution , ’ martín ezcurra , a researcher at the university of birmingham explained . painstaking : close inspection of the fossils revealed that chilesaurus has robust forelimbs similar to jurassic theropods such as allosaurus . but its hands have two blunt fingers , instead of sharp claws like its fellow theropod , the velociraptor . the process of excavating the skeleton is shown . the presence of herbivorous theropods was , up until now , only known in close relatives of birds but chilesaurus ( illustrated left ) shows that a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than thought . its fossils were found at the toqui formation in southern chile , marked with a red star on the map , right . ‘ in this process , a region or regions of an organism resemble others of unrelated species because of a similar mode of life and evolutionary pressures . ‘ chilesaurus provides a good example of how evolution works in deep time and it is one of the most interesting cases of convergent evolution documented in the history of life . ' chilesaurus shows how much data is still completely unknown about the early diversification of major dinosaur groups . ’ he believes that this study will force palaeontologists to take more care in identifying fragmented and isolated dinosaur bones . dr fernando novas , of the bernardino rivadavia natural sciences museum in buenos aires , argentina , led the research on chilesaurus . seven-year-old diego suárez ( pictured left ) came across the fossils when he and his sister , macarena , were looking for decorative stones . he was at the site while his his geologist parents , manuel suarez ( pictured right ) and rita de la cruz were studying rocks with the aim to better understand the formation of the andes . experts initially thought diego had unearthed several species , due to chilesaurus ' unusual combination of features . here , a palaeontologist painstakingly excavates the fossils . he said : ‘ chilesaurus is the first complete dinosaur from the jurassic period found in chile and represents one of the most complete and anatomically correct documented theropod dinosaurs from the southern hemisphere . ‘ although plant-eating theropods have been recorded in north america and asia , this is the first time a theropod with this characteristic has been found in a southern landmass . ‘ chilesaurus was an odd plant-eating dinosaur only to be found in chile . ‘ however , the recurrent discovery in beds of the toqui formation of its bones and skeletons clearly demonstrates that chilesaurus was , by far , the most abundant dinosaur in southwest patagonia 145 million years ago . ' the lineage of huge meat-eating dinosaurs that transformed into agile flying birds were able to survive because they shrank over the course of 50 million years . this is the conclusion scientists came to after constructing a detailed family tree of dinosaurs and their bird descendants , mapping the unlikely transformation . the tree showed that the branch of theropod dinosaurs , which gave rise to modern birds , were the only dinosaurs that kept getting smaller . the lineage of huge meat-eating dinosaurs that transformed into agile flying birds were able to survive because they shrank over 50 million years . this is the conclusion scientists came to after constructing a detailed family tree of dinosaurs and their bird descendants , mapping their unlikely transformation . theropods , meaning ‘beast-footed’ , were a group of dinosaurs which include the carnivorous dinosaurs tyrannosaurus , velociraptor and spinosaurus . ' these bird ancestors also evolved new adaptations , such as feathers , wishbones and wings , four times faster than other dinosaurs , ' said co-author darren naish , a palaeontologist at the university of southampton . lead author associate professor michael lee , from the university of adelaide , said : ' birds evolved through a unique phase of sustained miniaturisation in dinosaurs . ' ' being smaller and lighter in the land of giants , with rapidly evolving anatomical adaptations , provided these bird ancestors with new ecological opportunities , such as the ability to climb trees , glide and fly . ‘ ultimately , this evolutionary flexibility helped birds survive the deadly meteorite impact which killed off all their dinosaurian cousins . ' researchers examined over 1,500 anatomical traits of dinosaurs to reconstruct their family tree . they used mathematical modelling to trace evolving adaptions and changing body size over time and across dinosaur branches .