passengers of an icelandair flight to denver on tuesday were left in a bit of shock after their plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff . though the boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , it was n't until the plane landed that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane . the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured . it is unknown how many people were on board . a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday . it was n't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane . passenger kyle hernandez , a member of the band the bunny gang , said that the lightning ' shook the plane and it was bright ' . ' everybody kind of got tense and we all jumped and looked at each other , ' hernandez told fox31 . his bandmate nathen maxwell told the denver post that it sounded like a ' bang and a pop ' . ' at some point pretty soon after we left , we got hit . it was n't at the halfway point , ' maxwell said . ' i thought we 'd probably have to go for an emergency landing or turn around , detour or something . ' passenger amanda boldenow said everyone from the plane immediately walked to the terminal 's windows when they arrived in denver . ' we walked over and everyone is staring at this hole in the nose , ' she said . ' lighting had struck the plane . i had never been in a plane that had been struck by lightning , so i was really startled . ' the journey from reykjavik to denver is about 3,740 miles . passengers on the plane said the lightning struck shortly after takeoff . pilots reported the lighting but continued on with the eight-hour flight to denver . the plane landed safely and no one was injured . aviation experts said that lightning strikes to commercial planes happen one to five times per year , according to 9news , and modern aircraft are equipped to handle these strikes . metropolitan state university of denver aviation professor jeff price said that lightning strikes that damage a plane , however , are rare . ' it could be one of those weird `` acts of god '' where it hit at the right point . the important thing is the plane landed safely , ' price said . a spokesman from icelandair said that though people were concerned there was no detour , the pilots followed protocol in the situation . the spokesman said : ' during departure from keflavik international airport the boeing 757 aircraft used for icelandair flight 671 was struck by lightning . ' the aircraft handling characteristics and notification systems were unaffected and the flight continued . ' lightning strikes are common and protocol was followed . there was no cause for further concern and the flight landed without issue . this aircraft was replaced upon landing and is being evaluated . ' the plane has been removed from service and will be inspected and repaired and iceland 's faa equivalent will be responsible of the investigation .