just days before convicted drug smuggler andrew chan is set to face death by firing squad , reports have emerged that he has married his girlfriend of three years , febyanti herewila . according to a family friend of chan 's , the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday with immediate family present . this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february . scroll down for video . andrew chan ( left , pictured with myuran sukumaran ) has married his fiance febyanti herewila at besi prison on nusakambangan island . febyanti , known as feby , is pictured here on sunday before her visit to the island where chan is being held . according to chan 's family the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday . febyanti ( left ) with chan 's brother michael ( right ) accepted her now husband 's marriage proposal in february . febyanti immediately accepted his proposal , despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by indonesian president joko widodo . febyanti and chan met each other in kerobokan prison in 2012 after a friend introduced the pair . the indonesian had been visiting the prison as part of her role as a pastor and chan was carrying out theological studies in the hope of becoming a minister . since then they have dreamed of his release , even talking about plans to have children together one day . salvation army minister and family friend david soper officiated the wedding . mr soper has also been asked by chan to be his religious adviser in his final hours and witness his execution . fairfax media report that when attorney general h.m. prasetyo first heard chan 's request to get married , he thought it was a joke . ' there was a wish from andrew chan , which i thought was n't serious and was n't the last wish , but it turned out to be serious . he wanted to be tied in matrimony with his girlfriend , ' mr prasetyo told detik.com . ' he 's been in isolation so i thought he was n't serious . ' on sunday chan 's final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted . indonesian lawyer todung mulya lubis displays a self-portrait painting made by australian drug convict and death row prisoner myuran sukumaran , entitled ' the second last day ' . andrew chan 's mother helen ( centre ) is seen here with the pair 's australian lawyer julian mcmahon ( right ) on sunday . michael chan , brother to andrew , arrives at the port authority office at wijaya pura port in cilacap , central java on monday . sukumaran 's sister brintha ( centre ) also look distraught ahead of her journey to visit her brother for what could be one of the last times . this week chan and myuran sukumaran were served their execution notices and are set to be executed at the stroke of midnight on wednesday ( 3am aest ) . sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible , and has vowed to stare down executioners when he 's dragged into the jungle . he has painted a series of haunting self-portraits over the past few days , with titles such as ' the second last day ' and '72 hrs just started ' . they show him looking distraught , while one particularly harrowing artwork has a gaping hole in sukumaran 's heart . meantime fellow drug smuggler andrew chan hopes to spend his last moments at church with his family . myuran sukumaran 's mother raji visited her son on ' death island ' on monday ahead of his planned execution on wednesday morning . with her was her other son chintu , myuran 's brother . lawyer julian mcmahon escorted the families of the two bali nine drug smugglers to see the pair . there were devastating scenes at nusakambangan on monday , as the pair 's family and lawyer julian mcmahon visited the death row inmates . chan and sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on saturday , saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them . chan and sukumaran , convicted in 2005 for their role in a plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin from bali to australia , were given the official 72 hours notice on saturday . families of both the men visited them in prison on monday , and were told they will have to say their final goodbyes on tuesday . andrew chan 's mother was in tears as she boarded a ferry to ' death island ' with the bali nine pair 's australian lawyer julian mcmahon . sukumaran 's sister brintha also look distraught ahead of her journey to visit her brother for what could be one of the last times .