host commentator . wow . real madrid have n't got going tonight ( i was about to write a post about how barcelona were 5-0 up at this point ) but james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring . the ball bounces up to the colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley , dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed . that was very world cup-esque , if you do n't mind me saying . 39mins : as bad as real have been , credit must go to almeria . their work rate has been exceptional while they are passing and moving , not exactly looking like a side who are sitting just above the relegation zone . they have completed 184 passes so far today , which is a decent stat given it 's not even half time yet . 31mins : but still , it 's the visitors who are getting in behind more than real . there are a few whistles in the crowd , and that 's about the only atmosphere there is at this point . things may get better now though , it 's ronaldo time again with the dead ball ... but oh dear . that sums it all up , a limp effort rises way over the crossbar . 27mins : uh oh . free-kick time . james is clipped from 30 yards out and ronaldo is licking his lips . can he spark this game into life ? nearly ! a swerving effort from left to right , the keeper is beaten but the ball does n't quite dip in time and lands on the roof of the net . 24mins : again , nice play from almeria ! thomas , on loan from atletico , shows his skills down the right before cutting the ball back for corona , who fluffs his lines . definitely a half chance for the visitors . real need to wake up . 19mins : considering the pace barcelona were playing at last night this is pretty , er ... slow . real have n't found their rhythm yet while almeria are just letting them pass from side to side . 15mins : few more shots for the visitors , but they 're both from around 25 yards and keylor navas wo n't be worried by those . still , they 're getting forward while leaving enough men back to fend against what could be a devastating counter attack . 12mins : better from almeria . they 've won two out of their last three and are trying to bring some of that confidence into this one . some sloppy passing from illarramendi almost leads to a chance , as top scorer hemed looks to get on the end of a cross . 7mins : three shots already for the hosts , with ronaldo having the latest two . no goals ? come on cristiano ! first , he runs at the almeria defence but his left-footed strike is straight at the keeper who flicks it behind - and then from the resulting corner he rises highest but that 's ballooned over the bar . 3mins : almeria have quite a bit of the ball early on but unsurprisingly it 's real who almost force the opening . javier hernandez gets space down the left flank and his first time ball is just inches away from cristiano ronaldo at the back post . soon after james meets arbeloa 's drilled cross from the right , but the goalkeeper can watch that one wide . ominous signs for the visitors with all this space early on though ... away we go ! real madrid kicking from left to right in the first half . the sun is shining at the bernabeu , where odegaard came out prior to kick-off to take a picture . cute . minutes until kick-off now , madrid will be hoping to follow barca 's lead and turn on the style too . both sets of players wearing ' todos con nepal ' t-shirts in support of the victims of the nepal earthquake , and there will also be a minute 's silence . under the terms set out by manchester united when they loaned the 26-year-old to madrid , thursday april 30 marks the end of the spanish club 's ' exclusivity period ' to buy the player . so , will he impress tonight ? real madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against almeria , including an 8-1 victory at the bernabeu two years ago . carlo ancelotti has made nine changes tonight with iker casillas , dani carvajal , sergio ramos , marcelo dropping out , though there is still place for cristiano ronaldo and javier hernandez . and on that note ... real madrid : navas , arbeloa , pepe , varane , coentrao , kroos , illarramendi , rodriguez , ronaldo , jese , hernandez . subs : casillas , marcelo , nacho , lucas silva , isco , odegaard , mayoral . almeria : ruben , ximo , trujillo , mauro , mane , verza , thomas , corona , dubarbier , hemed , edgar . subs : julian , casado , jonathan , sanchez , espinosa , marin , azeez . referee : ignacio iglesias villanueva . it may only be a home clash against lowly almeria , but tonight could be the biggest night of a 16-year-old 's life . norwegian wonderkid martin odegaard has been named on the bench for this evening 's la liga game and may make his debut . before that though , there is the small matter of real closing the gap on archrivals barcelona . team news coming up . pressure is on real madrid as they aim to narrow the five-point gap barcelona have opened up at the top of la liga . barca hammered getafe 6-0 on tuesday to extend their lead at the la liga summit , but madrid will hope to reel in their rivals with victory over a struggling almeria team . carlo ancelotti has named martin odegaard on the madrd bench , with the 16-year-old set to make his club debut at the bernabeu , so follow sportsmail 's coverage of all the action here .