last week , a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches . but it’s only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time . and while these smartwatches might sound as if they’re just for tech-savvy geeks , whether you’re a fitness fanatic , want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist , there’s a watch that could make your life easier . life & style investigates . . . best for beginners . pebble watch , from £99 , getpebble.com . the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 , more than a million have been sold . it’s easy to see why . it keeps things basic — there are no buttons or whizzy features and you can’t make calls or browse the internet ( you have a phone and computer for that ) . instead , once connected wirelessly to your phone , you can see who is calling , texting or emailing , without having to get your phone out — though you will need your phone to reply . the battery charge lasts longer than other smartwatches — up to seven days — partly because it uses a low-energy screen ( similar to a kindle ) that is readable in daylight ) . best for easy reading . neptune pine , £67.95 , amazon.co.uk . if you don’t want to squint to see the screen , this smartwatch is the one for you . it has a mammoth 2.4 in face , making it about twice the size of most smartwatch screens and roughly half the size of an iphone 4 screen . this high-resolution option doesn’t just make reading messages easier , it also means you get a full keyboard , which makes typing easier , too . the device pops out of its strap so you can take advantage of the two cameras . there’s one on the back and , for video calls or selfies , there’s a front-facing camera . both have a flash . with gps , pedometer and compass , it can also track your activity and calories burned . best for retro fans . withings activité , £319.99 , selfridges.com . designed in paris and made in switzerland , this claims to combine cutting-edge technology with traditional european styling . with ticking hands protected by a scratch-proof glass and a french fine calf leather strap , it looks every inch an elegant , conventional timepiece . but underneath , clever sensors track your sleep patterns and monitor every step you take , communicating wirelessly with your phone . wear it at night and it can act as the most discreet of alarm clocks via a silent vibration alert . replaceable battery . best for fitness fanatics . basis peak , £169 , amazon.co.uk . marketed as the ‘ ultimate fitness and sleep tracker’ , the basis peak incorporates what you’d expect of a fitness watch — water resistance , up to four days battery charge life and a movement sensor — but it has much more besides . it tracks your heart rate and has sensors for skin temperature and sweat levels . it can log sleep duration and quality , and communicates wirelessly with your mobile so you can see a full breakdown of how many calories you’ve burned . it adjusts weekly goals based on your performance . best phone-free solution . samsung gear s , £329 , samsung.com . this is the watch that is so smart you can ditch your phone . it comes with a slot for a sim card so it doesn’t need to piggy-back off another device and — like the apple watch — has a choice of straps and a face that can be customised . bluetooth connectivity means you can hook it up to a wireless headset with a microphone and make a phone call without having to shout into your wrist . you can listen to music — with 4gb of memory , there’s space for 1,000 songs . it also lets you browse maps and websites and the 2 in curved screen even has space for a tiny keyboard , though you can use voice commands instead . best for familiarity . kairos t-band hd , £165 , kairoswatches.com . many of us have watches that are treasured family heirlooms or expensive gifts that we don’t want to jettison just because new technology has rendered them obsolete . this clever invention means you can have the best of both worlds . rather than being a smartwatch , it’s a smartstrap that can be ordered to fit almost any watch . it looks like a simple black band when it’s switched off , but when it’s activated , the led panels embedded in it light up to display notifications , such as heart rate , alerts of incoming calls and messages .