angela merkel threw down the gauntlet to david cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers . the german chancellor demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean , where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy . scroll down for video . german chancellor angela merkel has demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . david cameron insisted at an emergency eu summit on thursday that the uk would not take any of the refugees – because it was already doing its part by virtue of having the continent 's largest aid and defence budgets . mrs merkel 's call would however mean that britain , one of the most populous countries in the uk and one of its most economically successful , would be expected to take in more people . speaking at a campaign event ahead of state elections in bremen , she said yesterday that the eu 's own rules on asylum-seekers are not working . she called for the current rules , known as the dublin regulations , to be scrapped . ' the dublin rules need to be changed , ' she told fellow eu leaders . ' five member states account for three-quarters of all asylum-seekers ' under the present system . under the dublin regulations , refugees have to claim asylum in the first eu country they enter , and can not pick and choose between member states . but germany has long accused southern eu countries of ignoring the rules and encouraging asylum-seekers to move on . the majority of refugees arrive on europe 's southern shores after crossing the mediterranean . the border free schengen area means they can easily move onto to other eu countries , despite the rules . the german government is believed to be particularly concerned that the italian authorities are not doing enough to register asylum-seekers who arrive there . the european leaders gathered this week for an emergency meeting in brussels in the wake of the tragedy in the mediterranean . pictured from left is italian prime minister matteo renzi , german chancellor angela merkel , french president francois hollande and british prime minister david cameron . germany believes it is being made to bear an disproportionate burden of asylum-seekers lured there by its strong economy . in 2014 , germany received 173,070 asylum applications , more than twice as many as any other eu country . in the same period , the uk received 31,260 applications , according to un refugee agency . her remarks came a day after mr cameron flatly ruled out britain taking part in an voluntary eu scheme to ' resettle ' north african migrants throughout the continent . he told his counterparts at the eu summit that the uk is already ' playing its part ' in the region through the aid budget and offer of ships , and takes in its ' fair share ' of refugees compared to other member states . donald tusk , the european council president , said earlier on thursday that eu leaders must ' sacrifice some national interests for the common good ' by taking part in a ' resettlement ' programme .