a toddler was struck and killed by his teen uncle who was driving while under the influence , according to police . two-year-old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12.25pm , according to georgia state patrol cpl . auston allen . joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide , according to the gainesville times . officials said martin was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center . scroll down for video . two-year-old landen martin ( left ) was struck and killed on sunday by the car his 19-year-old uncle joshua saunders ( right ) was driving . joshua saunders , who authorities said was driving while under the influence , was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home when martin ran behind the car ( above the 1978 chevrolet k10 he was driving ) . georgia state patrol said following the accident , joshua saunders got out the car and saw what happened but left the scene . he was then spotted less than a mile from where the incident occurred by a hall county sheriff 's deputy and was taken back to the scene . ' he was standing right there playing and josh went to back up and josh jumped out of the truck and started screaming , ' landen ! landen ! ' martin 's grandmother and joshua saunders ' mother , martha saunders told channel 2 . ' he did n't mean to hit that baby . he did n't . he loved him . ' joshua saunders was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide ( above the driveway of the gainesville , georgia home ) . martin 's grandmother and also joshua saunders ' mother , martha saunders ( above ) said : ' he [ joshua saunders ] did n't mean to hit that baby . he did n't . he loved him ' . martin and joshua saunders ' family said the teen was not aware that the child had run into the path of the chevrolet he was driving at the time . ' it was an accident and accidents happen , ' the toddler 's mother , kristian saunders , told cbs 46 . joshua saunders was extremely remorseful and was also cooperative with authorities , according to investigators . the family has said that they do not want joshua saunders to be put behind bars , and he is currently being held at the hall county jail . ' he loved his uncle josh , ' smith told cbs . ' we want to roll back time , we want to roll back a day . ' allen said that toxicology tests on joshua saunders ' blood-alcohol content are pending .