for years medical experts have warned about the dangers of too much salt , but now new research is questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too little salt . for years medical experts have warned about the dangers of too much salt , but new research is now questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too little salt . both federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . as the federal government prepares its influential dietary guidelines for 2015 , some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk . the guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams , with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for african americans and people over 50 . in february the dietary guidelines advisory committee recommended keeping the larger limit , although it withdrew support for the stricter limit for african americans and people over 50 , reports the washington post . ' there is no longer any valid basis for the current salt guidelines , ' said andrew mente , a professor at mcmaster university in ontario and one of the researchers involved in a major study published last year by the new england journal of medicine . ' so why are we still scaring people about salt ? ' while experts on both sides agree that eating too much salt - especially for people with high blood pressure - can be dangerous there is much disagreement over what constitutes too much . the average american ingests about 3,500 milligrams of salt per day - the amount of sodium in a teaspoon of salt - and so under the current dietary guidelines americans are indeed endangering themselves . even within the american heart association , one of the organizations promoting the current salt limits , there is disagreement with at least one former president claiming that there is no evidence that reducing salt consumption can lower blood pressure . salt skeptics however believe most americans are fine . in their view , a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6,000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks . the skeptics also warn of the dangers of consuming too little - they say that below 3,000 milligrams also raises health risks . the pure study published last august by the new england journal of medicine found that people who conform to the recommended limits ( 2,300 milligrams ) actually have more heart trouble . they found that low sodium may stimulate the production of renin , a hormone that may have harmful effects on blood vessels . even within the american heart association , one of the organizations promoting the current salt limits , there is disagreement . ' the totality of the evidence strongly suggests that americans should be lowering their sodium intake , ' said elliott antman , the president of the american heart association . ' everyone agrees that current sodium intake is too high . ' but suzanne oparil , a former president of the american heart association , told the post that there is no evidence that reducing salt consumption can lower blood pressure . a spokesperson for the department of health and human services has said that the federal guidelines are considering comments from the public and the advice of its science panel . 