alison hall , 48 , almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler . it then shot to the back of her throat when she took a puff . an asthma sufferer almost choked to death when she took a puff on her inhaler and nearly swallowed a false nail . alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler . she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged . the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue and began pounding her back before calling 999 . after five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat and fell out onto the pavement . ms hall , who works for a local authority , said it was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before and had probably fallen in her pocket . she believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top . she added : ' the inhaler has a lid but the top is open . there is a millimetre gap on each side . i spoke to my doctor and she was mortified . ' ms hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use . she said : ' i check my inhaler constantly . i 've been using it for about ten years now and i use it regularly . ' i can go days without using it but then at times i need to use it a lot more . ' at about midday i used it and i checked inside the mouth piece . then i was in work and went in my pocket . i took the lid off and took a puff . ' something went into the back of my throat and i started choking . i don't know how long that nail had been in there . ' she added : ' my brain told me to run outside . there was a neighbour who was two doors down and i was trying to shout help . ' i kept thinking `` i 'm going to die '' . blood started to come out of my mouth . ' the man started hitting and hitting me on my back . then his wife came out and took over . her husband then rang 999 . ' scroll down for video . ms hall said the nail was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before and had probably fallen in her pocket . she believes the nail may have worked its way inside the inhaler through a gap at the top . lee bray , 45 , his wife tracy , 37 , and their daughter millie , 11 , continued to help ms hall until the paramedics arrived . she said : ' the next thing i knew there was a nail on the floor and a pile of blood . the nail had been scratching me and causing me to bleed . ' i was choking for about five minutes . it felt like more air was coming out than was going in . ' even when the nail had come out i kept saying to the ambulance people it was still in there , so they gave me another hard hit and more blood came up . ' ms hall , of oldham , greater manchester , said : ' the paramedic and the doctor at the hospital said that i was one lucky lady . ' you do n't know how scary it is until you go through it . i thought i was going to die . ' ' my main concern now is making other people aware of the dangers . ' 