the country’s biggest food bank organisation yesterday claimed the number of people claiming free meal packages from its branches passed a million last year . the figures from the trussell trust were seized on by labour and the tuc as ‘shocking’ evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay , the so-called bedroom tax , and stopped benefits . but tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the numbers , which he said were ‘unverified’ , and insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work . the trussel trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks such as this one in glasgow . another independent food bank organisation warned that such figures could be misleading because food banks are a new phenomenon and should not be used as a ‘ political football’ . the row comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks – said by supporters to show that hunger is commonplace and need overwhelming , and by critics to show that when free food is handed out , people will always come forward to take it . yesterday’s report from the trust put the number of people who were given three days’ worth of food at one of its 445 branches in the past financial year at 1,084,604 . its uk director adrian curtis said : ‘ despite welcome signs of economic recovery , hunger continues to affect significant numbers of men , women and children . the latest figures highlight how vital it is that we all work to prevent and relieve hunger in the uk . ’ the latest figures show a slowdown in the numbers visiting food banks , with a rise of under 100,000 in numbers recorded since 2013-14 , when there were 913,138 food bank visits . iain duncan smith , pictured , dismissed the suggestion claims suggesting that the trussell trust 's figures are ' unverified ' . this figure was almost three times the 2012-13 level of 346,992 . in 2009-10 the trust recorded 40,898 food bank visits . the claims have been disputed because the trussell trust counts numbers of food bank visits in which people are given three-day food packages , and not numbers of individuals . this means an unknown number make repeat visits , and some analysts say the real total of people who went to food banks may be closer to half a million . research carried out by the trust , oxfam , the church of england and other charities last year also found that low pay is only a minor reason for people going to get aide from food banks . it found that more than four out of five users live on state benefits and only one out of 40 users questioned was working on a zero hours contract . a chorus of political leaders and charities lined up to criticise david cameron over the figures . labour’s work and pensions spokesman rachel reeves said : ‘ the shocking rise in the number of people relying on trussell trust food banks since 2010 shows the tory plan is failing . ‘ david cameron’s failure to tackle low pay , the bedroom tax and delays in benefit payments have led to over a million people depending on emergency food aid . ’ tuc general secretary frances o’grady said : ‘ this should make all of us ashamed , particularly those who claim everyone is sharing in the recovery . it tells us that the government has done grave damage to the welfare safety net . ‘ vicious sanctions and benefit cuts – even for those who paid in all their working lives – are destroying the support any of us might need if we lose our job or have an accident . ’ oxfam poverty chief rachael orr said : ‘ it is extremely worrying to see yet another rise in the number of people being forced to visit food banks in the uk . ’ the picture of millions going hungry contrasts with the findings of the respected us-based social progress index published earlier this month , which put britain in first place out of 133 countries for its success in conquering hunger . mr duncan smith said the trust’s figures were ‘unverified’ . he added : ‘ we are not going to take lectures from the party who presided over the deepest recession in living memory – whose incompetent economic policies hit the poorest harder than anyone . ‘ the best way to help families provide for themselves is cut taxes and to get more people into work – and we’ve got a strong record there : two million more people in work since the last election . frances o'grady , trade union congress general secretary , pictured , described the figure as ' shameful ' . ‘ it is only by continuing with our term economic plan that will we ensure more people have a job and the economic security that comes with it . ’ the oxford food bank , which is independent of the trussell trust network , urged caution in the interpretation of food bank figures . the organisation , which distributes food to other charities which provide meals , rather than handing it out to individuals , said : ‘ we think that increasing use of food banks is an unreliable guide to underlying need because food banks are a new phenomenon – whereas food poverty is not . ‘ as an organisation which draws its volunteers and donors from across the entire population of oxford , we adopt a non-political stance . to do anything else would risk disenfranchising a section of that support . ‘ the issue of food banks and food poverty should not be used in a game of political football when the statistical evidence is so potentially misleading . we congratulate the trussell trust on the success of their operation but we also believe that successive governments have ignored the issue of waste in the food cycle . ‘ it is high time the ofb model of food bank – which prevents food being wasted and combats food poverty – is encouraged and replicated elsewhere . ’