an ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book ' a gronking to remember ' , claiming a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission . the unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella 's author , who released it under the pen name lacey noonan , as well as distributors apple , amazon.com and barnes & noble for allowing readers to buy the work in ibooks , kindle and nook digital formats . the fan fiction , which is $ 2.51 on kindle , is about a housewife 's infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob ' gronk ' gronkowski , who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games . it enjoyed some viral success following its release , which coincided with the superbowl . scroll down for video . ' appropriated image ' : the couple featured on the cover of a gronking to remember , a work of fan fiction about a woman 's sexual infatuation with patriots player rob ' gronk ' gronkowski , say the photo of them that appears was used without their permission or without them even knowing . ' ridicule ' : the book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on the tonight show and jimmy kimmel live , the lawsuit claims . gronkowski even read out some of the cringeworthy lines during the patriots press tour , including during an appearance of jimmy kimmel live . one such line is : ' spike me , daniel , through the goalposts of life . ' another part reads : 'i’ll never forget the first time i saw gronk spike a football . the unrivaled power of his touchdown dance : ‘ the gronk . ’ it jettisoned jiggling ribbons of electric jelly through my body and melted my knees like two pads of margarine . ' however the lawsuit slams the book is distasteful and ' offensive ' . ' the use of the plaintiffs ' image has held them up to ridicule and embarrassment , ' the lawsuit said , according to the hollywood reporter . ' this outrageous connection has been further aggravated when the book with the plaintiffs ' image has been reproduced in the media nationwide . ' the book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on the tonight show and jimmy kimmel live as well as being displayed and read before the press at media day for the super bowl . ' source of infatuation : rob gronkowski answers questions from reports on april 23 during a visit to the white house after the new englad patriots won the superbowl . the book was self-published by the pseudonymous noonan , meaning she is likely the one who chose the image for the cover . it is unclear how she came to find the photo in the first place however . a new cover has now started to appear online featuring a different couple . the couple is asking the court to award “ any profits derived from and attributable to” the unauthorized use , or $ 10,000 , compensatory damages of $ 25,000 , attorneys fees , court costs , expenses and treble damages , the boston globe reported . the case has been transferred to federal court in ohio . 