as composed and as comfortable as manchester city were here at the etihad , performances like this succeed only in highlighting the full extent of their failure this season . in sergio aguero they boast the joint leading scorer in the barclays premier league . here against west ham he scored his 20th of the campaign . and in david silva and jesus navas , not to mention a seemingly revitalised yaya toure , they had players far too accomplished for the quality of this opposition . but such a dominant , determined display must leave the club’s owners wondering why on earth this was only their third win in nine games after a run of six defeats in their previous eight . why , even when west ham were as abject as they were until city lost silva to serious injury , they have been unable to play with such confidence more frequently . sergio aguero slotted manchester city into a two goal lead after a fine flowing counter attack by the home side against west ham . the argentine striker sprints away in celebration having fired in his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city 2-0 up at the break . jesus navas ( right ) , who provided the assist for aguero , congratulates his team-mate as manchester city celebrated going 2-0 up at the etihad . west ham defender james collins ( centre ) watches on in despair as his miss-timed clearance loops over adrian for an own goal .  manchester city ( 4-5-1 ) : hart 6 ; zabaleta 6.5 , demichelis 6 , mangala 7 , kolarov 6.5 ; lampard 6 ( fernandinho 88 ) , fernando 6.5 , navas 8 , toure 7 , silva 6.5 ( nasri 75 ) ; aguero 7.5 ( dzeko 90 ) . subs not used : sagna , caballero , boyata , pozo . booked : navas , silva . scorers : collins og 18 , aguero 36 . manager : manuel pellegrini 6.5 . man of the match : jesus navas . west ham ( 4-3-3 ) : adrian 6 ; jenkinson 6 , collins 5 , reid 5.5 , cresswell 5.5 ; noble 5 , song 5 ( jarvis 66 ) , kouyate 6 ; downing 4.5 , cole 4.5 ( nolan 66 ) , valencia 6 . subs not used : carvalho , o'brien , amalfitano , jaaskelainen , burke . booked : kouyate , downing . manager : sam allardyce 5 . referee : anthony taylor 6.5 . attendance : 45,041 . sergio aguero capped off a fine manchester city counter attack ( above ) . click here to see more from sportsmail 's match zone . presumably a victory that strengthens city’s position among the champions league places , on a weekend when manchester united lost , eases the pressure on manuel pellegrini . but there is sure to remain a fair amount of frustration in abu dhabi that the last few months have proved so problematic . by the end of this encounter the greater , more pressing , concern was for the welfare of silva . injured from what both managers agreed was an accidental elbow in the face from cheikhou kouyate midway through the second half , the spanish international required oxygen before leaving the pitch on a stretcher after eight minutes of treatment . he was then taken to hospital . but other problems nevertheless remain for city’s manager pellegrini when he had to wake to headlines being generated by the notoriously vocal agent of toure , who reportedly accused the chilean of being ‘ a weak manager’ as well as criticising other prominent members of the club hierarchy , too . pellegrini was asked to respond but declined to comment . with managers such as jurgen klopp now available for hire , these stories are poorly timed for pellegrini . but he can at least take comfort in the way his team responded to that crushing defeat at old trafford the previous weekend . ‘ after two defeats in a row it was a very important win , ’ added pellegrini . manchester city manager manuel pellegrini watches on at the etihad stadium as his side seeked to get back to winning ways on sunday . cheikhou kouyate ( left ) tries to keep possession under the challenge from manchester city skipper yaya toure . english duo mark noble ( left ) and frank lampard vie for the ball as west ham traveled to the etihad stadium to take on manchester city . aleksandar kolarov goes down under the challenge of west ham defender carl jenkinson in the penalty area but was only awarded a corner . with another match here at home coming next , against aston villa , city’s manager is sure to be encouraged by the form of aguero . until sunday he had failed to score a premier league goal from open play at the etihad since november 2 . but the goal he scored in this contest was neatly taken ; much more like the striker city’s subdued supporters have grown to admire . he thrived on the possession city were enjoying — 75 per cent for the first 15 minutes — and joined silva and alek-sandar kolarov in threatening west ham’s goal early on . city’s opening goal , scored after 18 minutes , was an absolute horror for west ham . first came aaron cresswell’s failure to win an aerial contest with the diminutive navas , and then a spectacular own goal from james collins . winger stewart downing ( centre ) attempts to avoid the attention of manchester city full back aleksandar kolarov at the etihad stadium . argentine right back pablo zabaleta reacts after referee anthony taylor awards a freekick to west ham for a foul on alex song ( right ) . adrian ( centre ) desperately attempts to keep out a deflected james collins clearance but the ball ends up in the back of the net . in trying to intercept a cross from navas , the west ham centre half succeeded only in scoring with a sliced volley , the ball spinning off his boot and over the head of adrian before flying home via the underside of the crossbar . if it was a little unfortunate for the visitors it remained a product of the pressure city were exerting . a west ham side probably unsettled by the uncertainty surrounding their own manager offered little in return . carlton cole almost seized on a mistake from martin demichelis only for joe hart to block his shot , while city’s goalkeeper then marked his 28th birthday by denying enner valencia . west ham centre back is left stunned after his mis-timed clearance turned into an unfortunate own goal during the first-half . sergio aguero collects the ball after manchester city 's opener despite west ham keeper adrian 's ( centre ) best efforts to keep it out . the manchester city players celebrate having taken an early lead at the etihad on sunday against west ham during the premier league clash . the control nevertheless remained with city , a second goal arriving in the 36th minute after toure had regained possession from stewart downing . a rapidly executed counter-attack followed , with aguero and navas combining impressively before aguero slotted home his 101st manchester city goal . in the dug-out sam allardyce appeared thoroughly hacked off , and understandably so given the ineptitude of his defenders and his side’s lack of ambition going forward . he responded at the start of the second half by pushing valencia into a more attacking role alongside cole . but it was city who continued to press , with adrian doing well to deny aguero a second . the injury to silva — earning kouyate a yellow card despite the fact that it really didn’t look intentional — disrupted city’s rhythm and gave west ham a little encouragement . downing went close , as did valencia . but to no avail . for once pellegrini had reason to feel a touch more secure . manchester city playmaker david silva slips through a pass during another attack for the home side against west ham on sunday . aguero sprints towards the city fans who erupted into celebration having seen the argentine score their second goal on sunday . frank lampard lets fire with a shot at the etihad stadium but could n't find the back of the net with this long range effort on sunday afternoon . england no 1 goalkeeper joe hart had a quiet afternoon but still managed to impress with a couple of fine saves to maintain a clean sheet . navas leaps into action to nod on a pass at the etihad stadium with west ham striker carlton cole ( right ) watching on . anthony taylor books west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate ( centre ) after he appeared to elbow david silva . silva had to receive treatment on the pitch for over six minutes after the collision with kouyate abd was eventually replaced . silva had to be replaced late in the second-half and exited the filed of play on a stretcher after being hit in the face by kouyate 's elbow . joe hart , 28 years-old on sunday , watches on at the etihad as his manchester city side faced west ham in the premier league . 