a robot has been ' arrested ' by swiss police after it bought a supply of illegal drugs on a hidden region of the internet known as the ' dark net ' . the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web . the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of st gallen , in north east switzerland . the random darknet shopper purchased a number of items for sale on the deep web ( pictured ) including trainers , jeans , cigarettes , a set of masterkeys and a dvd case ( far left ) containing 10 ecstasy tablets . the items it bought included a pair of nike trainers , counterfeit designer jeans , the scan of a hungarian passport and a set of uk fire brigade masterkeys . however , it seems the random darknet shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets , which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a dvd case . the dark net is a subsection of the deep web - the part of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media . most of the information on the web is far down on dynamically generated sites , unable to be found or seen by traditional search engines , which are rather like dragging a net across the surface of the sea , missing much of the information in the depths . the dark net is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods , but the anonymous and encrypted nature of it has attracted large amounts of illegal activity . the silk road website and its successor that were recently shut down was used to sell drugs in exchange for bitcoins , the electronic currency . other dark net sites allow users to share pornographic photographs , hacked information , credit card numbers and other illegal goods . the silk road used an underground computer network known as the the onion router ( tor ) , which is a matrix of encrypted websites and servers that disguise the identity of users . it uses numerous layers of security and encryption , hiding the ip address and the activity of the user . just 0.26 per cent of the daily internet traffic from the uk accesses this hidden part of the internet . police seized the drugs , the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased . tests on the tablets later revealed they contained 90mg of the class-a drug mdma , which the police then destroyed . the computer and the empty bag the ecstasy came in have now been returned to the group behind the bot , ! mediengruppe bitnik , along with the other items it bought . they described the police 's actions as an ' unjustified intervention into the freedom of art ' . writing on their blog , london based artists carmen weisskopf and domagoj smoljo , who were behind the project , said : ' random darknet shopper has finally been released and is now back in our possession . ' at the same time we also received the order for withdrawal of prosecution . ' in the order for withdrawal of prosecution the public prosecutor states that the possession of ecstasy was indeed a reasonable means for the purpose of sparking public debate about questions related to the exhibition . ' the public prosecution also asserts that the overweighing interest in the questions raised by the art work random darknet shopper justify the exhibition of the drugs as artefacts , even if the exhibition does hold a small risk of endangerment of third parties through the drugs exhibited . ' we as well as the random darknet shopper have been cleared of all charges . this is a great day for the bot , for us and for freedom of art ! ' the random darknet shopper project was set up as an attempt to highlight some of the dilemmas that can be thrown up by dark net markets and anonymous internet use . it used bitcoin to randomly purchase items that were offered for sail in the darknet . the tablets , pictured above , were sent from germany inside a dvd case and a vacuum sealed foil bag . they were delivered to the artists by mail and then put on display in an exhibition at the kunst halle in st gallen . during the weeks it had been running it also purchased a fake louis vuitton handbag , a baseball cap with a hidden camera and 200 chesterfield cigarettes . the darknet market features more than 16,000 items that are sold in a way that allows the seller to remain anonymous . the ecstasy tablets were found to contain 90mg of mdma and were destroyed by the swiss authorities . it has become notorious as a place to buy illegal pornography , drugs and weapons . the robot software bought the ecstasy in october . it was sent from germany to switzerland and apparently crossed the border hidden in a dvd case without being intercepted by the authorities . the drugs were allowed to remain on show in the exhibition until it ended in january . however , the police raided the exhibition when it came to an end and seized the computer and its purchases on the grounds the drugs were an endangerment of third parties . speaking to the guardian , mr smoljo said that they had been told although the computer had purchased the drugs itself , they were the legal owners of the drugs as they had executed the code behind the software . the case has raised important questions about the use of automatic shopping bots and the use of the darknet . in the past the artists have used technology to intercept cctv images and sent a package to wikileaks founder julian assange . mr smoljo and miss weisskopf said : ' the random darknet shopper is a live mail art piece , an exploration of the deep web via the goods traded there . '