a mayoral candidate has bungee jumped from a bridge where his ancestor plummeted 160ft to his death for a drunken bet worth just a sixpence . dave roberts , who is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough , followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister 's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees . however , instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - mr roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children 's charity . dave roberts , who hopes to become the mayor of middlesbrough , has bungee jumped off the transporter bridge over the river tees 100 years after his ancestor jumped to his death for a bet worth just a sixpence . mr roberts , a 50-year-old former tv and radio presenter , said ' daniel , this one 's for you ' as he jumped off the bridge - in reference to his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister who died after leaping off the bridge in 1913 . the 50-year-old former tv and radio presenter , from marton , middlesbrough , said : ' i thought it was going to be sheer terror , but i actually really enjoyed it . ' i had a good moment just before the jump . the guy was saying , i am going to count to three , and then you are going to jump . ' i said , i need to speak to my relative . i said : `` daniel , this one 's for you . i am going to collect your winnings '' . ' i screamed like a child as i was going down , but thoroughly enjoyed it . ' mr mcallister was challenged to jump off the bridge by a friend after drinking in a pub in port clarence in a bet worth a sixpence . he died on may 4 , 1913 at the age of 30 . newspaper articles from 1913 about mr mcallister 's death ( pictured ) tell how he ' dived to his death ' and drowned following an ' amazing act of bravado ' . the cause of death was listed as : ' shock and suffocation from drowning through jumping from the transporter bridge in a spirit of bravado whilst under the influence of drink . ' father-of-two mr roberts , who grew up listening to stories about his ancestor , managed to track down mr mcallister 's death certificate , which listed him as a general labourer of washington street in middlesbrough . mr roberts , who was handed a sixpence and a beer after his jump this week , said : ' a century after daniel was killed , and in a bid to exorcise the ghost of my ancestor , i decided i would have a go at the jump as well . ' but i wanted to do it as a charity event , and make sure i was safely attached to a bungee rope ! ' the daniel mcallister story has been in the family for over a century . ' no one really believed it to be true as all attempts to link it to the 1913 bridge jump had failed due to searching the wrong line of the family tree . ' then we found a 1899 marriage certificate of daniel 's sister emily , which opened a new route and this finally provided the link we needed . ' mr roberts , who lives with his wife francesca , 45 , and children kari , 14 , and luke 12 , is running for mayor having moved back to england from a job in singapore 18 months ago where he was vice president of business development for fox tv . he said : ' this was all fun and games but i am a serious mayoral candidate for the town who has a great sense of humour and i 'll be making a lot of serious points in the run-up to the election as i am a middlesbrough lad who cares deeply about his town . ' normally town mayors get set for the high jump after their term in office , this one got out of the way before the hard work starts . ' he asked teesside residents to stump up £2.50 - roughly what a sixpence would be worth today - to support him and raise money for the mfc foundation which helps children in need . mr mcallister 's death certificate ( pictured ) confirmed his death on may 4 , 1913 , when he was just 30-years-old . mr roberts asked for teesside residents to stump up £2.50 - roughly what a sixpence would be worth today - to support him and raise money for the mfc foundation which helps children in need following his jump .