a university of florida redshirt freshman football player faces charges after a robbery at a gainesville apartment . gainesville police said jerald christopher ' jc ' jackson , of immokalee , florida , entered an acquaintance 's apartment saturday with two men . police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun . police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $ 382 from the apartment 's three residents . university of florida redshirt freshman jc jackson , of immokalee , florida , was arrested on saturday after a robbery at a gainsville apartment . jackson never returned , but he later called one of the victims , police said . the other two suspects allegedly made the victims get on the floor , and one victim told gainsville police that one of the men pressed his handgun against his face while the other suspect demanded to know where to find drugs and money , according to al.com . jackson , who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times , was identified , according the police report , and he turned himself into the alachua county sheriff 's office . an investigation into the identities of the other suspects is ongoing . jackson entered an acquaintance 's apartment with two men , and shortly after he left the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs , police said . the former-four-star recruit was booked into the alachua county jail on sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm . he was held on $ 150,000 bond . the former-four-star recruit was booked into the alachua county jail on sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm . he was held on $ 150,000 bond . jail records did n't show whether he had an attorney . in a statement , florida first-year head coach jim mcelwain said in a statement that he was aware of jackson 's actions , according to al.com . ' we are aware of the news involving jc jackson , and he is currently dealing with a serious issue , ' he said . he added : ' we do n't condone any of his actions , and it is not something that reflects on the expectations we have in the program . it is being handled accordingly due to the severity of his actions . ' jackson has been on the florida gators football team since last season . he was injured in the first game and took a redshirt . this is the third time since december that jackson has made headlines for non-football-related activity . in december he was driving in his hometown with two other when someone in a passing vehicle began shooting at them . a bullet grazed jackson during the shooting . earlier that same month he and two fellow florida football players , quarterback treon harris and cornerback jalen tabor were stopped for speeding on campus by university police . the university of florida police department found two small bags of drugs in the car after reporting that the vehicle smelled like marijuana . since the vehicle did not belong to any of the three athletes who were in the car at the time , none of them were charged .