arsenal have been here before . manchester city sniffing around with their millions , looking to prize away some of arsene wenger 's finest talent . jack wilshere is the latest man linked with a switch to the etihad stadium , where he would follow the likes of emmanuel adebayor , bacary sagna and samir nasri who swapped london for the north-west as city stormed towards premier league and fa cup glory . but times have changed . the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from manchester must rebuild . and if £30million or more is truly on the table for wilshere , arsenal must consider it . manchester city are considering making a move for arsenal midfielder jack wilshere this summer . wilshere has n't played for the first team since injuring his ankle against manchester united in november . alexis sanchez cost arsenal £30m , while chelsea splashed out roughly the same amount to bring in diego costa . those two forwards have a combined total of 33 league goals this season . and for all wilshere 's many talents , he would not be a game changer for manuel pellegrini , or whoever city 's manager may be next season . he was touted as a future arsenal and england midfielder when he burst onto the scene , showing the world what he can do in a champions league tie against barcelona , and possesses a technical ability which would n't see him out of place at the nou camp . his quick movement , superb touch and low centre of gravity is perfect for the sharp , driving style of play manager wenger likes at the emirates stadium , as wilshere 's goal of the season against norwich last season perfectly demonstrated . he has been doubted on several occasions , partly because of his lifestyle off the pitch , in the most part because of his treacherous injury record at the age of 23 . the midfielder has picked up a total of 24 knocks during his seven-year professional career . he was tipped as a future arsenal star and england international when he broke through the ranks in 2008 . wilshere is only 23 years old but has picked up 24 separate injuries during his professional career . but even as recently as this season , wilshere was hitting form before going off against manchester united . he was certainly more impressive than aaron ramsey and santi cazorla in the arsenal midfield , and impressed for england in a deep-lying role . there now seems to be little space for the stevenage-born schemer to fit in this starting xi . ramsey , cazorla , sanchez , francis coquelin , and mesut ozil played behind olivier giroud in the recent thumping victory over liverpool , and that 's without the likes of alex oxlade-chamberlain , tomas rosicky , theo walcott and danny welbeck involved . of course , the ideal state of play would be for wenger to build a team around wilshere , a man who is signed on for three more years , and not to consider any bids from divisional rivals at least . but arsenal would be foolish to dismiss anything over £30m in today 's market , especially considering the kind of players wenger can now attract to the club . wilshere impressed in a holding role for england in an international friendly against scotland last year . he was in form before ankle surgery , scoring a fine goal against manchester city in september . the midfielder fired past brad guzan to score the opening goal against aston villa last season . wilshere 's effort against norwich was voted the 2013-14 premier league goal of the season . arsenal 's relationship with city , who the club have never held a firm rivalry with , could also play a part . any interest from fellow top-four clubs chelsea or manchester united would probably be dismissed immediately . the current premier league champions are looking to rebuild under sheik mansour and need homegrown , young players to freshen up an ageing side . wilshere is seen as a possibility along with jordan henderson in midfield . raheem sterling and paul pogba have also been linked with a summer transfer , with nasri and yaya toure among many names who could leave . but with liverpool set to hand henderson the captain 's armband after steven gerrard 's departure , his stay would seem more likely despite his contract running down at anfield . arsenal fans would hate to see wilshere go and he encapsulates the style at the emirates . however , for a man who has scored five goals in his league career , and one who would not neccessarily push on close rivals to better things , it may be worth thinking about . jordan henderson is also a possibility for manchester city as the club look for homegrown youngsters .