with summer around the corner , icy treats are back on the menu . but if there is one phase transition in which food can become frustrating – by giving us brain freeze and by getting painfully stuck to our mouths – then it is when it is frozen . as a fly – perhaps the creature you would least expect to be in this position – found out when it swooped in to have a lick of a frozen beef steak . the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . like the infamous scene from dumb and dumber involving ice , a ski lift and a tongue , the fly becomes attached to the frozen food . videoed up-close , the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . satisfied , it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in . realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak , the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free . moving its legs , the fly at first attempts to walk away , before arching its back and trying with all its might to pull itself free . it tries this two more times , but much to its annoyance it stays attached to the beef steak as it stops to look at the camera . as the video goes on the fly tries harder and harder to set itself free – beating its legs , heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly . the fly tries hard to set itself free by beating its legs , heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly . but nothing seems to work and as it slumps , looking sorry for itself , all appears to have been lost . luckily for the fly however , help emerges in the form of a human thumb , which attempts to set it free with a little prod . failing this , the video maker then picks up a little heat gun and begins thawing out the ice around the fly and ultimately setting it free . the video was recorded in auckland , new zealand . the fly appears to give up hope but eventually the video maker intervenes and sets the creature free .