she may be a first daughter , but sarah obama is still a teenager and ca n't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike . sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday . the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama and the first family had gone . scroll down for video . tuning out of politics : sasha obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the first family hiked at great falls park in virginia during an impromptu escape from the white house . despite the earbuds , the teenage sasah and her older sister malia ( right ) seemed to enjoy their time outdoors with their parents . took a hike : the obamas abruptly left the white house for an unscheduled family nature hike on sunday . ' obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip . destination unknown , ' tweeted wall street journal reporter byron tau . reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination as photos from the outing were soon filed . the president greeted two eager children and took a selfie with an onlooker before starting along the woody trail . the 50-minute trek concluded as a light drizzle began . unscheduled : reporters initially seemed to fear that the unscheduled departure was some sort of emergency , but officials apparently tipped them off to the president 's destination as photos from the outing were soon filed . gorgeous ; great falls park is a national park located in virginia , where the rugged terrain in and along the potomac river ' offers a glimpse into the early history of this country ' . the family 's brief hike happened to take place during the national park service 's national park week . on saturday and sunday , the few parks nationwide that charge admission -- such as yosemite and yellowstone -- were open to the public free of charge as part of the celebration . on saturday , obama spent his saturday afternoon golfing at joint base andrews . the president 's busy week ahead includes hosting crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan of the united arab emirates , and honoring the ohio state university buckeyes football team , the 2014 nascar sprint cup series champions and the super bowl champion new england patriots . reporters caught up : president obama steps out from his vehicle as his family arrives for their great falls hike . president obama , first lady michelle obama ( not seen ) and their daughters malia ( 3rd l ) and sasha ( c ) return from a hike at great falls national park in virginia as rains began to fall sunday evening . all wet : first lady michelle obama walks under an umbrella on return to the white house in washington after light showers brought a family hike to a close .