it was one of barcelona 's easier nights in the champions league as luis enrique 's team brushed aside paris saint-germain 2-0 at the nou camp to reach the semi-finals . the 5-1 aggregate victory never looked in doubt as the spanish side showed signs of returning to their brilliant best , with a combination of experienced stars and blossoming talent in their ranks . here sportsmail looks at the five things we have learned from barca 's crushing victory over psg . neymar ( left ) celebrates opening the scoring for barcelona along with dani alves ( centre ) and gerard pique . neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . he’s just a child , said juliano belletti in the week . some child . let’s not go overboard ; there’s no way of knowing whether neymar will reach both the level and consistency of ronaldo or messi . but his skill-set and talents seem a combination of those two players , which means he has the potential to be very dangerous indeed . neymar chases for the ball during the win against paris saint germain in the champions league quarter-final . neymar has the blend of cristiano ronaldo ( left ) and lionel messi in his skillset . neymar has messi’s close control when dribbling , he has the flair which cristiano used to display as a badge of pride – and winds up opponents in the same way . both the real madrid and barcelona legends are lethal finishers and neymar is getting there , as he showed here . there are still parts of his game which he has to improve ; his crossing and final pass sometimes leave a little to be desired . but he is in the right place to hone his skills and barring injury , he will be on the ballon d’or podium sooner , rather than later . luis enrique has strong chance of matching pep guardiola’s treble-winning debut season . barcelona look like genuine treble contenders . they are in the copa del rey final , against athletic bilbao . they have a two-point lead in la liga and only six games remain . and three more victories in the champions league would see them lift the trophy for the fifth time in their history . there are tough games to come ; none of the semi-finalists will be pushovers . but the brutal way they dismantled a psg side that knocked out chelsea , the english champions-in-waiting , in the previous round , shows the level they are at right now . luis enrique celebrates with his coaching staff after neymar 's opening goal at the nou camp . they have gone from winning nothing last year to being on the cusp of emulating pep guardiola 's treble-winning first season . there 's life in the old dog yet . lot of reasons have been given for why andres iniesta has n't been at his best over the past couple of years . the most recent is that barcelona 's new style of play has n't allowed him to flourish . he 's having to play in a deeper role , to allow neymar more space on the left , and offer a bit more protection in a side that features three totally attack-minded forwards . andres iniesta charges at the psg defence for barcelona as the spaniard played close to his best . but it was from deep that iniesta started his run , shimmying away from edinson cavani , beating two more psg players for pace and then feeding in neymar , who scored , killing the tie . iniesta may still be acclimatising to the new methods at barcelona and changes to the way he has played the game for the past decade , but his immense talent will find a way to adapt . psg project needs more investment – as long as it’s sensible investment . having been knocked out of the champions league 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona , it’s easily believable that psg chief nasser al-khelaifi will ready the big bucks to bring a new world star to the club in the summer . edinson cavani stands dejected for psg during the second leg defeat at the nou camp . cavani goes to ground on the touchline in front of psg boss laurent blanc . that really isn’t what they need . bringing another big name into the mix won’t be helpful ; they need to build a squad . they need to sign players appropriate for positions , rather than trying to crowbar stars into the side . edinson cavani is a good example . he was a brilliant centre-forward , right now he’s low on confidence and an ineffective foil for zlatan ibrahimovic . sign , by all means , but sign smart . barcelona 's big guns blowing apart the landscape . perhaps then , it was n't helpful for psg to see the potency of barcelona 's attacking trio first hand . it took a bit of sculpting , with lionel messi and luis suarez switching places , but now the terrifying trio up front are flying . luis suarez ( left ) neymar ( centre ) and lionel messi celebrate a goal against atletico madrid in january . they 're on course to record the highest goal tally for a barcelona front-line in the past decade . back in 2011-12 the messi , cesc fabregas and alexis sanchez attack managed 101 - including 75 from messi himself . so far this season messi , neymar and suarez have 95 in all competitions . and if they reach the champions league final , they have 10 games in which to do it . 