as a rangers diehard who once saw treble dreams evaporate in the wake of a refereeing error that favoured celtic , john brown takes a predictably wry view of the anguish emanating from parkhead in recent days . in 1989 , brown was part of the ibrox side which contested an old firm scottish cup final with two trophies already banked . he was involved in a touchline tussle with roy aitken that saw the celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way . ten seconds later – following a defensive blunder from gary stevens – joe miller had fired home the only goal of the game . rangers legend john brown says celtic have a case of ' sour grapes ' about their recent scottish cup exit . twenty six years on , celtic have seen their own hopes of a clean sweep disappear amid intense controversy . they have written to the sfa seeking ' to understand ' how the match officials failed to spot the hand josh meekings used to block a leigh griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to inverness . brown views the whole furore as ' a bit of sour grapes ' that speaks of the frustration within his old rivals . ' it 's hard for officials given the pace of the game , ' said brown . ' celtic have been frustrated because they have not managed to win a treble and rangers have not been in the league for a number of years . i 'm sure if rangers were in that position they would have won a treble in that time , probably two or three ... ' the last comment was delivered with a grin . brown could rant at refs with the best of them during his time in charge of dundee , not least when alan muir was fooled by a peter pawlett dive and awarded aberdeen a penalty that effectively relegated the dens park side . muir was the extra official behind the goal on sunday and has shared the brunt of celtic fans ' wrath with ref steven mclean . ' it basically put us down that day but it was one of those things , a referee 's interpretation , ' reflected a more sanguine brown on his own brush with muir . ' it is crazy now . the boy steven mclean is a right good referee . results went against me when he was refereeing and i was at dundee . but he is a good ref , an honest guy . if he had seen it he would have given the penalty . ' if decisions went against me at dundee , i would say to him through frustration . but when i thought about it , he never did it intentionally . i don ' t think any of the officials do . inverness defender josh meekings blocks a goal-bound header with his hand but no penalty is given . ' it is impossible for the guy on the line to see it ( meekings ' handball ) . you see the angle of the ref , there is a defender in front of him . it is that quick a reaction . you have to judge it on what you see and if you do n't see it you ca n't give it . ' and what of 1989 ? despite the impact of that throw-in call , brown still believes rangers only had themselves to blame . ' bob valentine was the ref - that 's why i 've never sent any valentine 's cards , ' he quipped . ' but rangers were bad that day . celtic were n't much better but we did not deserve to win it , we were poor . ' the throw-in should have gone to us , but fair play to big roy , he grabbed the ball . the officials let him away with it and celtic won the game , but these things happen do n't they ? ' john brown was speaking to promote fan ownership group rangers first which has over 13,400 members . fans can sign up at www.rangersfirst.org . 