the father one of one three children who were tragically killed in palm bay , florida , in march has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved . seven-year-old lacey mccarty , six-year-old phillip mccarty and five-month-old christopher swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother , jessica mccarty , in a botched murder-suicide . christopher swist - father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating jessica mccarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball . scroll down for video . jessica mccarty , pictured with her partner chris swist , daughter lacey mccarty ( right ) and sons philip mccarty ( center ) and christopher swist ( in her arms ) , called the police on herself . mccarty was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident . investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was ' sorry for what she had to do ' . just 24 hours before their death , he took pictures of the two oldest children at their latest game , and both looked happy as ever , swist said . ' the kids loved everything about little league , ' swist told people . ' the past two years , we watched the little league world series on espn . our families were always at all the games . ' their love of the sport was so strong that palm bay city council has renamed a little league field in their town ' angels ' field ' in memory of the children . swist said that he had a great bond with the children , calling lacey ' chick ' , christopher ' toe toe ' and phillip ' smash ' . as he comes to terms with the tragic deaths of the three kids he loved so much , swist has created a non-profit organization titled 3 angels ball for all , in hopes of helping disadvantaged youth play organizational sports . jessica mccarty still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incidents that occurred on march 20 . mccarty 's partner , christopher swist , who she was reportedly on a break with at the time of the alleged murders , coached her two oldest children in little league baseball . swist , who was only the father of the youngest slain child , said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them all nicknames to go by . swist called seven-year-old lacey ( right picture , left ) ' chick ' , five-month-old christopher ( left ) ' toe toe ' and six-year-old phillip ' smash ' ( right ) . each nickname supposedly had a story behind it . mccarty was arrested after she called 911 and told police she 'd killed her children . lacey and philip were found unresponsive in the same room at the home and were pronounced dead that night . the mother strangled the infant and drowned and strangled the daughter , palm bay police chief mark renkens said , according to florida today . police say none of the three children were shot or stabbed , but lacerations were found . christopher swist had been on life support at florida hospital for children but lost his fight for life in the days following the attack . ' our hearts go out to the friends and family who have lost children in such a horrific manner . the fathers of these helpless , innocent children struggling is simply gut wrenching , ' said acting palm bay police chief mark renkens said after the incident . according to renkens , there had recently been a break in the relationship between mccarty and swist . lacey and phillip where pronounced dead shortly after they were found unresponsive . christopher held on for a couple days before dying at the hospital . mccarty was arrested after calling 911 on herself and telling the police she had killed her three children . when swist arrived on scene - after mccarty had sent him photos of blood throughout the house - and found the children unresponsive . he then called the police . investigators said mccarty sent photos to swist of blood throughout the house . swist arrived first at the scene and found his son unresponsive on his bed , police said . police said they found a journal in the driveway of the home that was addressed ' to my family , ' which indicated that mccarty was sorry for what she ' had to do . ' there was also another page addressed to christopher 's father , asking him to keep her son 's name alive , police said . in a mugshot provided by the local jail , the troubled mother appeared in a suicide-prevention vest with bandages covering her recently-slashed wrists - her mouth agape . the motive for the tragic attempted murder-suicide has not been revealed . however , mccarty did have a troubled history and in 2009 was investigated by the dcf for possible child neglect . the agency recommended mccarty to mental health counseling after that investigation , according to public records . phillip mccarty ( left ) was the father of the phillip and lacey , the two older children mccarty is believed to have killed on march 20 . mccarty and swist had one child together - five-month-old christopher . police said they were on a break at the time of the incident . she has also been arrested on charges of forgery , shoplifting , and prescription drug abuse . police were first called to the family 's residence just before 6pm , when mccarty called 911 to say her three children were dead and that she had cut her wrists . swist also called police when he came home . swist now has the comfort of his city 's support in mourning and remembering the three children he loved . ' all i have left is the memories that my children blessed me with , ' swist told people . ' those moments will forever be ours together . those children touched so many lives in the community ; naming the field after them is a great way to help keep those memories alive . ' and he knows he has to push on and have the strength to hold his memories close . ' i don’t think you ever heal from this , ' swist told space coast daily . he added : ' the best we can do is survive . the way we survive is we all stand together as one family . ' as far as you guys even thinking about naming the field , that really means a lot to us . we just can’t say enough . we miss our kids . we miss our kids . ' though phillip and lacey were not swist 's biological children , he cared for and loved them both . he claims that the children ' touched so many lives in the community ' of palm bay .