bentley motors ' top designer criticized ford 's new lincoln continental on facebook and called the model that was unveiled this week at the new york auto show a ' copy ' . bentley design chief luc donckerwolke apparently thought the new lincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur . the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears . scroll down for video . bentley motors ' top designer criticized ford 's lincoln continental on facebook ( above ) , calling it a ' copy ' . luc donckerwolke thought the continental shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur ( above ) . ford is reviving the lincoln continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand 's image . donckerwolke posted a comment on lincoln designer david woodhouses ' facebook page that was subsequently deleted , the automotive news reported , he wrote : ' do you want us to send the product tooling ? ' the designer elaborated to car and driver . donckerwolke added : ' this behavior is not respectable . ' building a copy like this is giving a bad name to the car design world . ' price : tbd ( $ 100,000 is estimate ) . engine : 3.0-liter v6 ecoboost . horsepower : 440 . transmission : six-speed . four-wheel drive : yes . source : ford cars reviews . price : $ 197,825 . engine : 4.0-liter twin-turbo v-8 . horsepower : 500 . transmission : eight-speed . four-wheel drive : yes . source : car and driver . lincoln spokesman stephane cesareo dismissed the bentley designer 's criticism . cesareo told reuters : ' the lincoln continental is clearly a lincoln , we 're very proud of it . ' a spokesman for bentley sought to vindicate donckerwolke 's views . in a statement released wednesday , bentley wrote : ' car design is always an emotive subject and one of the reasons so many of us love cars . ' our designers have strong views and are passionate about what they do , which drives them to create such extraordinary cars . ' donckerwolke posted a comment on lincoln designer david woodhouses ' facebook but it 's been deleted . a lincoln spokesman dismissed the bentley designer 's criticism and said the model ' is clearly a lincoln ' . volkswagen-owned bentley has had a continental in its lineup since 1984 and ford retired the name in 2002 . the flying spur sells for around $ 200,000 . general motors president dan ammann weighed in on the spat on wednesday , the wall street journal reported . ammann told reporters he ' liked the bentley designer 's comment . ' ford is reviving the lincoln continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon as part of an effort to rebuild the brand 's image in the united states and china . volkswagen-owned bentley has had a continental in its lineup since 1984 , while ford retired the continental name in 2002 . the price of the new continental has yet to be announced , but it 's estimated it could cost up to $ 100,000 . the flying spur sells for about $ 200,000 and has a 4-liter twin-turbo v-8 engine and eight-speed transmission .