a woman left heartbroken following the end of a relationship asked her friends to pose ' as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project . laura stevens ' photo series ' another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the british photographer , 38 , who lives in paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . scroll down for video . ' jessica ' from the series another november by laura stevens shows a woman sitting in a foetal position next to crumpled bed covers . ' following the ending of a significant relationship in my life , an undoing began , ' she writes in an ' artist statement ' on her website . ' whilst adjusting to being a single woman , i started to create a photographic narrative based on the experience of losing love ; directing other women to portray the gradual emotional and circumstantial stages , along the well-trodden track of the broken-hearted . ' the title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated , but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak and lonely winter following a lost summer of love . the talented photographer directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite and concerns over attractiveness . the photographer said the project helped her deal with her own emotions . she writes : ' by constructing images of the evolving chapters , i was allowed a vantage point from which to view the changes occurring in me , from feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness towards the reconstruction of my identity as an individual . ' the photographer , 38 , asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love , like the one above called ' amy ' . ' lily ' shows a nude woman in the bath , staring into the distance in a moment of melancholy . the series of staged performances by different women , who are friends of laura 's or people she was drawn to from the street , are enacted to show an intimate moment of adjustment . ' they are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their home in paris , ' the artists explains . ' another november is situated in a deliberately nostalgic present where memories are constructed and irrevocably discolour , looking back to a past not yet acquainted with loss . ' yet , it is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction . ' ' katherine ' demonstrates a woman sitting down for dinner alone , appearing to have lost her appetite , her dress mirroring the wilting flowers . despite the bright coloured lights above the bed , a sombre ' julie ' appears to struggle to get up in the morning . ' sofia ' studies her reflection showing how the end of a relationship can often make women question their attractiveness . although she was directing the women , laura says they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak they were able to process during shooting . she titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy . some of laura 's photos - all of women - are both erotically charged and melancholy - like this once called ' sibylla ' . laura directed the women getting them to pose in dark and empty spaces as illustrated in this photo called airelle . her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations . the domestic landscape serves as a backdrop , using cinematic drama and painterly aesthetics along themes of intimacy , relationships and loss . alongside her dedication to long-term personal projects , she is a regular contributor to the press , for publications such as the times magazine , le monde , forbes and the washington post . she has participated in group exhibitions at institutions including the national portrait gallery , the centre for fine art photography and many more . for more information visit laura 's website . laura says that by constructing images of the evolving chapters , she was allowed a different perspective on the changes occurring in herself . the photos show feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness as in this pictures of ' pauline ' . laura says : ' it is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction ' as model carole has a solo morning coffee . the images are powerfully evocative like this one called ' gabriela ' suggesting how a break-up can represent a lost chance to become a mother . many feature women lying on beds partially dressed and deep in thought like this one called ' christiana ' . this photo , called ' arianna ' , shows a woman who has cut her hair , something which often happens after a break-up . laura said they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak . she titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy ; this one is called ' kate ' . the women are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their own homes in paris . laura wanted to create a feeling of nostalgia ; looking back at the past and yearning for things to be as they once were . her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations . the portrait of ' emma ' shows how a break-up may involve moving out of what was once your home . to see the video in full visit lensculture .