one of the biggest fixtures on the german footballing calendar takes place this weekend , although some of the usual gloss has been taken off a game recently baptised der klassiker . borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them and bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term . this time , however , the two giant antagonists of the german game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings , but that does not mean the stakes are not as high as they always are when these two clubs meet . jurgen klopp ( centre ) celebrates with his borussia dortmund players after their victory against hannover . dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th , although their coach jurgen klopp insists their league position after the klassiker is not his biggest concern . ' we 've got to try to beat bayern and where that can take us in the league is secondary , ' klopp said . ' although we 're 10th , and although there 's a huge points gap between us , and although a lot is different compared to the past , it 's still a borussia dortmund home game . ' i do n't recall us gifting any of these games in the past . dortmund's jakub blaszczykowski ( right ) challenges hannover centre back christian schulz . ' gladbach have shown us how it 's done . wolfsburg have also beaten them , but it 's not all that easy . ' victory would nevertheless be important for dortmund if they are to close the gap on the top six and qualify for europe next season , while a second consecutive defeat for bayern is almost unheard of and it would allow wolfsburg to reduce the deficit at the top to seven points . the wolves host bottom-placed stuttgart on saturday while third-placed borussia monchengladbach can strengthen their grip on a place in the champions league with a win at hoffenheim . the battle at the bottom of the table is intensifying with all of the bottom eight sides separated by just seven points and still in danger . xabi alonso cuts a cool figure during bayern munich 's training session on thursday . hamburg reacted to their slide into the bottom three by appointing peter knabel as their new coach during the international break and his first game is a daunting trip to fourth-placed bayer leverkusen . the northern germany side therefore risk coming out the other side of the weekend inside the bottom two with paderborn travelling to hertha berlin on sunday . freiburg and cologne are also involved in that scrap and they meet on saturday with mainz travelling to werder bremen . elsewhere , augsburg host schalke on sunday and eintracht frankfurt welcome hannover and their under-fire coach tayfun korkut to the waldstadion . 