the wife of broadcaster john suchet has died aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia . bonnie was described by her husband as ' the love of my life ' . she died on april 15 . last night suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ' private family matter ' . he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences . bonnie suchet ( pictured with john ) was described by her husband as ' the love of my life ' . the family paid tribute in a death notice in the telegraph , which read : ' bonnie died peacefully on 15th april 2015 aged 73 . ' adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa . ' in recent years the classic fm dj and former itn presenter has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity . in 2009 he broke down live on air during an interview on bbc breakfast as he gave an account of his wife 's battle . he was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on tv talking about it . he added that he sometimes had to beat up a cushion as a way of dealing with his frustration at the loss of the relationship , which he described was ' made in heaven ' . in recent years suchet , pictured with bonnie ( left ) and ( right ) in 2013 , has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity . in 2009 suchet was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on tv talking about it . two years later suchet said could say about the ' wretched disease ' was that it was ' taking its course ' and confessed things ' will only get worse ' . he admitted he had no idea if she knew who he was and said he had to build a life around the changed circumstances , which saw bonnie being moved into a care home and mr suchet moving closer to his brother david for support . the newscaster , who presented bulletins at itn for 17 years , added that if he chose to wallow in the tragedy of his wife 's alzheimer 's disease , then the condition would have claimed another ' victim ' . in september , suchet , 71 , said : ' the bonnie i remember no longer exists . ' there will be a private funeral .