watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day from an rsl club . cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick , south-east of melbourne about 8.00pm on wednesday . the woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer . she takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them as she casually sits down on a seat before quickly pulling her black vest off . watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of anzac day at an rsl club in melbourne . the empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the glass entrance door . caulfield rsl general manager pete frost told daily mail australia he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on cctv footage . ' i 'm absolutely mortified , ' mr frost said . ' you would n't think you 'd have to keep a box of badges under lock and key . this person has no respect for the fine country we live in today . ' our volunteers have given up a lot of time and hard work to raise money for anzac day but to have somebody come in and take that away is a low act . ' the empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box . she allegedly covers the donation box with her black vest as she casually walks out the entrance door . the rsl general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman . mr frost said he has informed police about the incident . daily mail australia has contacted victorian police for comment . the footage was posted on mr frost 's facebook account on friday night and has received more than 14,000 views since . a caption along the video said : ' i 've seen some pretty low acts but this one takes the cake ! ' ' please share this and help us shame this inconsiderate woman who obviously has no respect for the fine country we live in today , ' mr frost posted .