a man who was lost at sea for 66 days , surviving on just fish and rainwater , has left hospital and is in surprisingly good health . louis jordan , 37 , who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina , suffered no sun damage , was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital , despite more than two months exposed to the elements . the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn . scroll down for video . louis jordan , second from left , walks from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia . he left hours later on friday in good health . a pilot lifts him into the helicopter after 66 days stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina . a four-man helicopter team hoisted jordan off the german vessel on thursday . in interviews friday at coast guard headquarters in portsmouth , they said they did not see jordan 's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea . by the time they picked him up — about 5 p.m. thursday — jordan had been on the german vessel for a few hours and had been able to take a shower and speak to his family , the guardsmen said . ' he walked over to me as soon as i landed on deck and had a small smile on his face , ' said petty officer 3rd class kyle mccollum , who had the first contact with jordan . ' my initial impression of him was he was in pretty good health . ... we were expecting worse with blisters and severe sunburn and dehydration . ' ' he was in a fairly good condition for a guy that you would normally expect to see after 60-plus days offshore , ' added lt. jack shadwick , the helicopter 's co-pilot . the crew of a german-flagged container ship found jordan on his single-masted 35-foot boat thursday afternoon , coast guard officials said . medical officials said he suffered no dehydration , no significant sun damage and was in good health . neither he nor the coast guard said exactly when jordan 's vessel capsized . jordan managed to catch and eat fish , according to the coast guard , and despite reports of a shoulder injury and dehydration , he arrived at a hospital in good condition and refused treatment , a facility spokesman said . jordan said he initially did n't believe the container ship was real when he saw it . he said the ship 's crew did n't see him until he began waving his arms . asked about his good condition , jordan claims he tried to stay inside the boat and conserved as much energy as possible . during an interview with wavy-tv , he said : ' every day i was like , ' please god , send me some rain , send me some water . ' ' i waved my hands real slowly , and that 's the signal ' i 'm in distress . help me , '' he told wavy . ' i blew my whistles . i had three whistles . they never heard them . i turned my american flag upside down and put that up . that says , `` rescue me . '' jordan had been living on his 1950s-era boat at a marina in conway , south carolina , near myrtle beach , until january , when he told his family he was going into open water to sail and fish , said his mother , norma davis . he set out january 23 , coast guard officials said , and had n't been heard from since . jordan told wavy that he was traveling north when his boat hit bad weather . he said he saw a wave crash into his window , and the boat eventually filled with water . helicopter pilots were also surprised at his condition when they landed on his vessel . one said jordan approached him with a smile on his face . in interviews friday at coast guard headquarters in portsmouth , the crew who recused jordan ( pictrued ) said they did not see jordan 's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea . he said he rationed his water to about a pint a day , but ' for such a long a time i was so thirsty . ' jordan said that at one point he was flying through the air , and he thinks he broke his shoulder . mccollum , of the helicopter crew , said jordan had slight bruising on his right clavicle , but it did n't appear serious : ' he was moving that arm so fluidly , without any skip and there was n't any sign of pain in his face as he was moving . ' on jan. 29 , the coast guard in miami was notified by his father , frank jordan , that he had n't seen or heard from his son in a week , agency spokeswoman marilyn fajardo said . alerts were issued from new jersey to miami , according to the coast guard . officials searched financial data to determine whether jordan had come ashore without being noticed , but they found no such indication , fajardo said . a search began feb. 8 and lasted 10 days , the coast guard said . some sailors reporting seeing jordan 's boat , but no sightings were confirmed . the coast guard said jordan did n't file a ' float plan , ' the nautical equivalent of a flight plan , with his route or destination . jeff weeks manages the bucksport plantation marina , where jordan docked his boat . ' he is somewhat of a person who stays to himself , ' weeks said . ' i consider him a gentle giant with a good personality , but he likes to be self-sufficient . ' here at the marina , he liked to catch most all of the food that he 'd eat . he would eat a lot of rice and fish . and he would know what berries and what mushrooms to pick . he was really knowledgeable on some survival skills . ' a rescuer is hoisted up to the helicopter after attaching louis jordan to the winch . jordan appeared in good health when he was brought to shore . he spoke to the today show on friday , pictured , after he left hospital and said he did n't know if he 'd ever return to sea . as he walked from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , jordan had a slight grin on his face . jordan is pictured on his 35-foot boat . it capsized at sea in january , causing the mast to snap off . jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in conway , south carolina , before he told his family he was ' going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . a helicopter carrying jordan arrives at sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia on thursday .