kellogg 's is the latest us owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in britain . kellogg 's is the latest us owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in britain . the cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . kellogg’s , which makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families , uses a complex web of companies to do business here . its two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland , where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent , compared with the uk’s 20 per cent . the latest figures show kellogg’s effectively paid no corporation tax in britain in 2013 , as payments to hmrc by some of its offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere . these tax manoeuvres are perfectly legal . kellogg’s has so far not faced criticism for its tax affairs in britain , unlike google , amazon and starbucks , which have come under fire for paying a minimal amount to the exchequer despite huge sales here . but in its latest annual report the cereal-maker , whose worldwide sales last year hit £9.8billion , admitted ‘ contemplated changes in the uk and other countries’ to ‘ long established tax principles’ could have a ‘ material impact’ on its business . it added vat increases and other changes ‘ may have an adverse effect on our business’ . kellogg’s has produced cereals in the uk since 1938 , and says it has several hundred employees here . it sells in the uk through two main subsidiaries owned by irish-based kellogg europe trading ltd. one is kellogg marketing & sales , which distributes breakfast food for irish and swiss-registered companies , and reported sales of £622million to britons in 2013 . the second , kellogg company of great britain , makes cereals under contract for an irish-based operation . these two subsidiaries paid corporation tax of £8.4million on profits of nearly £50million in 2013 . kellogg’s also has six luxembourg registered companies which collectively paid corporation tax of £210,000 on profits of about £57million – a rate of 0.37 per cent . but this £210,000 and the £8.4million were offset by an £11.8million tax credit at another uk-registered operation , kellogg group ltd . kellogg’s said comments in its annual report are not related to chancellor george osborne’s ‘ diverted profits tax’ – which aims to snare companies that shunt profits overseas with the main purpose of saving tax . a kellogg’s spokesman confirmed the figures but said some profits through the luxembourg business would relate to companies outside the uk . he declined to comment on whether kellogg’s accepted it had in effect paid zero corporation tax in britain , but said it is ‘ a responsible taxpayer’ . kellogg’s said comments in its annual report are not related to chancellor george osborne’s ‘ diverted profits tax’ – which aims to snare companies that shunt profits overseas with the main purpose of saving tax . richard murphy , of tax research uk , said : ‘ it looks as if kellogg’s is trading in similar fashion to many of the better known tax avoiders . ’