chances are you 've been to malaga . well , the airport at any rate . every year , millions of us pass through on the way to the beaches of the costa del sol or palaces of granada . but , now , the southern spanish port is having a moment . thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project , and several new galleries and museums , this once down-at-heel city has become one of europe 's hippest destinations . incoming : the centre pompidou malaga , a pop-up version of the parisian institution , has opened to visitors . along with a thriving cultural scene , there are good restaurants , great shopping and exciting nightlife . this week saw the opening of centre pompidou malaga , the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france . it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area . when i turn up , a large crowd is queuing to pay the £6.70 entrance fee to view 90 works by artists such as miro , magritte and picasso on loan from the pompidou in france , plus an exhibition exploring dance and choreography . there 's a brilliant room of self-portraits , including a francis bacon and frida kahlo . drawing a big huddle is kader attia 's striking installation , ghost — a mass of muslim women in prayer , made from tin foil . pompidou is the latest bold step in branding malaga a ' city of museums ' . across town , the first overseas branch of st petersburg state russian museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory . take a good look : gibralfaro castle offers fine views of the city , with the mediterranean as a wide backdrop . next door is the malaga automobile museum , an extraordinary celebration of cars , fashion and art . by 2016 , a museum of fine arts and archaeology will complete the set . malaga 's picasso museum opened in 2003 — a long-held dream of the artist , who was born in the city in 1881 . the automobile museum in malaga houses around 90 classic cars , plus displays of haute couture . round the corner , you can peek into santiago church where he was baptised . the picasso birthplace museum in the house where he lived until he was ten , contains more paintings , ceramics , early photos , belongings and sketchbooks . what sets malaga apart — for now , at least — is that all these galleries tend to be uncrowded , refreshingly small , and most in walking distance of each other . that means there 's plenty of time to explore andalusian cuisine . get in the mood at the buzzing atarazanas market , then try the terrace at el pimpi , which overlooks the roman amphitheatre . for unbeatable seafood , take the bus to the beach at pedregalejo on the city 's outskirts , where locals feast on freshly caught boquerones ( anchovies , often deep fried ) , espetos ( sardines , barbecued on sticks ) and platters of enormous mussels , prawns and clams . for modern minimalism , head to the sleek gastrobars of the arty soho district , such as kgb , where punky young things queue for tables . ' seville just stays the same , ' one girl tells me over fusion tapas and a beer . ' malaga is moving on . ' green and pleasant : malaga 's botanical garden plays host to exotic plants from around the world . near the pompidou is the city 's botanic gardens , rated as one of the best in europe and bursting with palms , exotic plants and squawking birds . also to see are the moorish alcazaba fortress and gibralfaro castle , where you can enjoy fabulous panoramic views of the city . visitor numbers are already soaring — with some people saying malaga will be like barcelona in ten years ' time . i 'm tempted to agree with them . british airways ( 0844 4930787 , www.ba.com ) has daily flights from london to malaga from £82 return . the four-star hotel guadalmedina ( www.hotelguadalmedina.es ) offers double rooms from €70 , room only . more on the pompidou centre malaga : www.centrepompidou.es .