a sydney mother has braved this week’s horror sydney storm by hitting the streets and handing out waterproof clothing , blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless . sacha whitehead , 26 , received donations after posting a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into sydney cbd . the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what 's been hailed as the storm of a century . sacha whitehead stands with a carload full of waterproof clothes and sleeping bags which she handed out to homeless people during tuesday 's nights severe sydney storm . sydney’s dispossessed have suffered the worst of the wild weather , with many popular homeless spots totally washed out . whitehead told daily mail australia she was spurred into action after reading a friend 's facebook status . ‘ one of my friends wrote a message sympathising with the homeless people enduring the storm . i couldn’t get the image out of my head , and decided i had to do something to help . ’ an hour after posting her plea , whitehead was inundated with offers from people offering donations . battered trees and power lines lie across a major road in raymond terrace , north of sydney , in the midst of what has been hailed the storm of the century . whitehead was spurred into action after reading a friends facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm . ‘ we spent the day driving and collecting from people’s houses . once my car was filled to the brim , we spent the night handing it all out . ’ the sisters delivered the clothes to locations often frequented by the homeless , such as central station tunnel and hyde park , where they found people trying to stay out of the storm . ‘ they were really suffering . the dangerous conditions meant a lot of the usual clothing vans didn’t make the rounds , so many were freezing without adequate clothing . ’ whitehead and her one-year-old daughter liliana : the mother said she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the violent storm . whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them this evening out at a popup shelter in milsons point . whitehead admits that at the peak of the violent storm , which has since been declared a natural disaster , she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home . ‘ when we were driving back it was total bedlam , trees were flying left and right and none of the traffic lights were working . ‘ i questioned whether i had made the wrong choice . but that just made me realise how much worse of a position these people were in . ’ whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in milsons point . anyone with donations should contact sacha.whitehead1 @ gmail.com or call mission beat on 1300306461 . 