president barack obama staunchly defended a framework nuclear agreement with iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ' to prevent a bomb and bring longer-term stability to the middle east . he insisted the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to come under attack , but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with tehran has caused strain with the close ally . ' it 's been a hard period , ' obama said in a weekend interview with new york times columnist thomas friedman . he added that it is ' personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for israel 's interests . scroll down for video . on the back foot : barack obama phrased his actions in negotiations with iran as an attempt to ' take the nuclear issue off the table ' . iran has agreed to restrict its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions . now in his seventh year in office , obama cast the iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine that sees american power as a safeguard that gives him the ability to take calculated risks . ' we are powerful enough to be able to test these propositions without putting ourselves at risk , ' he said , citing his overtures to cuba and myanmar as other examples of his approach . the president 's comments come days after the u.s. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb iran 's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief . the framework cleared the way for negotiators to hammer out technical details ahead of a june 30 deadline for a final deal . negotiations : secretary of state john kerry , right with secretary of energy ernest moniz , was involved in the nuclear talks in lausanne , switzerland . obama argued that successful negotiations presented the most effective way to keep iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon , but insisted he would keep all options on the table if tehran were to violate the terms . ' i 've been very clear that iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch , and i think they should understand that we mean it , ' obama said in the interview published sunday . ' but i say that hoping that we can conclude this diplomatic arrangement — and that it ushers a new era in u.s.-iranian relations — and , just as importantly , over time , a new era in iranian relations with its neighbors . ' the president said there are many details that still need to be worked out with the iranians and cautioned that there would be ' real political difficulties ' in implementing an agreement in both countries . he reiterated his opposition to a legislation that would give the u.s. congress final say in approving or rejecting a deal , but said he hoped to find a path to allow congress to ' express itself . ' victory ? obama looked forward to ' a new era ' of relations with iran . pictured above is the nation 's president , hassan rouhani . the white house plans an aggressive campaign to sell the deal to congress , as well as to skeptical arab allies who worry about iran 's destabilizing activity in the region . the president has invited leaders of six gulf nations to washington this spring and said he wanted to ' formalize ' u.s. assistance . on the substance of the iran framework agreement , obama outlined more specifics of how the u.s. would seek to verify that tehran was n't cheating . he said there would be an ' international mechanism ' that would assess whether there needed to be an inspection at a suspicious site and could overrule iranian objections . the nuclear talks have marked a remarkable shift in the frozen relationship between the u.s. and iran . it has become normal for officials from both countries to communicate and hold face-to-face meetings . obama is yet to meet with iranian president hasan rouhani , though they did speak on the phone . he has also exchanged letters with iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei . obama said the letters include ' a lot of reminders of what he perceives as past grievances against iran . ' but he said the concessions khamenei allowed his negotiators to make in the nuclear talks suggests that ' he does realize that the sanctions regime that we put together was weakening iran over the long term , and that if in fact he wanted to see iran re-enter the community of nations , then there were going to have to be changes . '