ask any peruvian where the best place to party is and you 'll always get the same reply : ' puno ! ' the city 's colourful fiestas , combining spanish and inca traditions , often last for days . during the fortnight-long candlemas celebrations , dancers parade through the streets . men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats . reeds all about it : hand-crafted boats on the gentle surface of lake titicaca . arriving in puno , you wonder at first where on earth the inhabitants get their energy . this city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons . situated on a vast plateau in the andes , at an altitude north of 13,000 ft , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here . hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from soroche - altitude sickness - an affliction that causes shortness of breath , headaches and worse . but once acclimatised , you 're in for a treat . though its architecture is underwhelming ( with the exception of a splendid central square ) , what entrances every visitor to puno is lake titicaca . one of the world 's largest lakes , and its highest navigable one , it stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across peru and bolivia . it is vast , remote , unworldly . the high peaks of the andes frame it in the distance , some glistening with snow . there are more familiar sights , too . at the town 's busy port , you 'll see a gunboat called the yavari , which has a distinctively british look . it was built in london in 1862 , then transported , piece by piece , across the andes to puno , where it ferried people around for 70 years until the roads made it obsolete and it was left to rot . it was saved from the scrapheap by an english woman , meriel larken , who restored and turned it into a b & b . local life : the ingenious floating uros islands in the middle of lake titicaca are made from totora reeds . the accommodation onboard is suitably nautical - you sleep in bunk beds . if you 're not spending the night , for a small donation you can just tour the ship . the port is the gateway to puno 's fascinating islands . a standard , full-day tour will first take you to the uros islands , originally built by the uru people as a way to escape rival tribes . these man-made floating structures are hewn from mats of totora reeds , which grow abundantly in the shallows of the lake . secured to the bottom of the lake by ropes , as the layers at the bottom rot , new ones are added to the top to keep it dry and afloat . stepping on them feels decidedly squidgy , as if you 're treading on a giant waterbed . uru women greet you dressed in wide-brimmed hats and brightly-coloured skirts . islanders make the most of their income from tourists , so will invite you into their cosy , pointy-roofed huts , which smell of hay . the only hint of the 21st century ? a television in the corner . after the uros , the next port of call is an island in the conventional sense . taquile , with its craggy , terraced hillsides dotted with sheep , is reminiscent of the aegean islands . it 's around the same size as sark in the channel islands and home to 1,700 people . a glimpse of traditional peru : you can meet uru islanders , and go inside their homes , on the lake . like sark , cars are banned here , but the island 's elders also forbid beasts of burden , such as donkeys and horses , which leaves the locals to lug everything around on their backs . the other thing you 'll notice is that the men all wear distinctive woollen hats , reminiscent of victorian nightcaps . these denote their marital status - the tip of a bachelor 's hat is white to signify it is unfinished . knitting here is the preserve of men , who pass the tradition down from father to son . on marrying , a man may wear a totally red hat , to show that he , like his hat , is now complete . early evening in puno and the streets are abuzz . head to the pedestrianised calle lima and a restaurant called la casona . here , you 'll eat some of the city 's best ceviche , the national dish of raw fish ' cooked ' by being marinated in lime juice , a trend that has caught on in the uk . being so close to the bountiful lake titicaca , puno has some of peru 's best ceviche restaurants . another excuse , as if you needed one , to visit this wonderful place . klm ( www.klm.com ) flies to lima , peru , from £541 including taxes . journey latin america ( 020 8600 1881 , www.journeylatinamerica.co.uk ) has a 12-day value peru : sacred valley of the incas to lake titicaca itinerary , visiting lima , cusco , the sacred valley , machu picchu , puno and lake titicaca . the trip costs from £2,290 per person based on two people sharing , all flights , transfers , b & b accommodation , most meals and excursions and a visit to the lake titicaca islands .