xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde -- a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid -- starting last september . a cancer biology phd student at stanford university is facing four felony poisoning charges after confessing to putting a known carcinogen into classmates ' water bottles over the course of weeks . xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde - a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid - starting last september . now , the recipient of singapore 's prestigious agency for science , technology and research ( a*star ) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison . according to sfgate.com , ouyang admitted to poisoning two students ' bottles as well as her own . ' i am truly sorry for what happened , but i really did n't mean to harm people , ' she allegedly told authorities . ' it was me crying out for help . ' a former roommate of ouyang 's says both her parents were also researchers . colleagues called her shy and insecure . one victim told authorities that ouyang ' had never had a boyfriend , and envied those who had , ' vice reports . despite her flaws , though , none of her classmates said they would have ever suspected the quiet singaporean of trying to harm them . however , the students believed someone certainly was . ' i think someone is trying to kill me ! ' one student yelled after sipping from a poisoned water bottle . the alleged poisonings occurred from september through november , when ouyang admitted to police she tampered with two bottles and her own . she was part of stanford 's cancer biology program but is no longer a student at the prestigious california university . one victim told police she ' immediately experienced a burning sensation in her mouth and throat . her eyes became irritated and watery . she began salivating uncontrollably . her throat was burning so bad that she could not even swallow the water . ' paraformaldehyde , a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde , can cause skin irritation , respiratory ailments and , in larger amounts , death . in addition to tissue preservation , the chemical is also used in pesticides . the alleged poisonings occurred from september through november , when ouyang admitted to police she tampered with two bottles and her own . poison : paraformaldehyde , a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde , can cause skin irritation , respiratory ailments and , in larger amounts , death . she told authorities that she 's recently seen a psychiatrist and experienced extreme insomnia and dizziness as a result of anti-depressants she was prescribed . her father told singapore 's the strait times the family was not aware of her issues . ' if we had known earlier , we would have sent her for treatment , ' he said . he said the girl 's mother is now with her in california . she 's no longer a student at stanford . ' this was a sad , heartbreaking situation for everyone involved , ' school spokesperson lisa lapin told sfgate . ' this was a confined , isolated circumstance and there was no threat to the broader campus community . the university has been providing support to the group impacted . ' a spokesperson from singapore 's a*star scholarship program told the strait times they are ' deeply concerned . ' however , ' there will be no action on our part until after the proceedings have concluded . ' under california law , ouyang faces between 2 to 5 years in prison if convicted -- up to 8 years if the courts deem the poisons involved can cause ' great bodily harm or death ' according to yahoo news . ouyang has been released on $ 50,000 bond . she 's expected back in court in may . read complaint against ouyang below ... ouyang felony complaint -- foho by the fountain hopper . 