the ex-partner of disgraced queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear . the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged , leading the premier , annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation . after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament . until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding . the ex-partner of queensland politician billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . cook mp billy gordon was told by queensland premier annastacia palaszczuk to quit after the explosive details of his dark past were revealed . she has finally spoken out in an interview with a current affair , detailing the domestic violence she suffered through , as well as the disappointment she feels as a result of how the queensland government have handled the situation . ' i was basically like a hostage to him , i was n't allowed to go anywhere and there was just so much violence , ' ms peckham said . 1987 : breaking and entering , and stealing in innisfail . 1990 : breaking and entering with intent , attempted breaking and entering , and stealing in atherton . 1992 : breach of probation in atherton . 1996 : public nuisance in normanton . 1999 : breach of bail conditions , stemming from not attending a court summons from the 1996 incident . 2004 : driver 's licence suspended for unlicensed driving . 2006 : again , he had his driver 's licence for unlicensed driving . 2008 : served an apprehended violence order ( avo ) as a result of a complaint by his mother . ' there were times when i was holding our son and he 'd hit me and i 'd be curled over , trying to protect him . ' ms peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012 . the violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child , a boy , was born . ' the first time that i actually saw billy go off he abused me physically . he went off and threw some things around , broke some stuff and it was at that point that i thought ' who is this person and what 's going on ? ' , ' said ms peckham . their whole relationship was marred by mr gordon 's controlling , intimidation , obsessive ways and quick temper . ' to me , he 's a monster , ' said the single mum from north queensland . she is intensely protective of her children – the children that she claims her partner never sees . in 2006 , she and her two children moved to a home in dubbo in nsw 's central west while mr gordon went to canberra for his political career . ms peckham alleges that when he returned to dubbo his appalling behaviour became worse than ever . for three months she was a prisoner in their home and was prevented from contacting the outside world . ' it was like a sick cycle of three months of hell . we were locked in , the doors were dead bolted , there was security on all the windows , ' she said . ms peckham alleges that when mr gordon returned to dubbo his appalling behaviour became worse than ever . until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding . the phone line had physically been cut to ensure there was no way out for mr gordon 's trapped partner . ' unless i threw something through the window and broke the window , i could n't leave . even then , he would have caught me before i got out . ' the politician has spoken out publicly , denying any allegations of violence . ' that made me very , very angry , ' admits ms peckham . ' i thought , ' how dare you ? you know what you 've done ! ' there are other people that know what he 's done too . ' ms peckham is intensely protective of her children – the children that she claims her partner never sees . the queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged . fortunately , his traumatised partner kept every letter , email and text and now has a damning case against him . a letter written by mr gordon in 2006 after his wife finally managed to flee the home serves as a confession of his disgusting abusive behaviour . ' i want to say sorry for the hell i put all through for our time together in dubbo . i hope in time you can forgive me for the abuse . i 've treated you bad and hurt you deep , ' the letter reads , according to the nine network . ' i 've bullied you through our whole relationship . i 've acted like an animal . ' although ms peckham is now free of her abusive partner , it is a constant battle to receive child support payments from mr gordon despite his wealth . in parliament in march , mr gordon gave his word that he no longer owed child support . as he made his speech in parliament , he was $ 24 in arrears . he had owed his wife $ 5300 in child support just three days before . knowingly lying to parliament is a criminal offence in queensland , carrying a maximum jail term of seven years . today he is still indebted by $ 732.97 . his ex-partner claims he is also lying about his income to the tax office . ms peckham said her ex-husband still owes $ 732.97 in child support . the violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child . according to documents , mr gordon is registered with the child support agency as only earning $ 70,000 . in actuality the politician earns in excess of $ 160,000 every year . ' all i care about is my children , ' ms peckham said . ' he does n't deserve to have that type of position and power that he 's got . ' he should resign . ' ms peckham does n't like the way premier annastacia palaszczuk handled the allegations either . she said the premier had never contacted her . ' you 've done nothing for me , you 've done nothing for my children , ' ms peckham added . ms palaszczuk earlier refused to comment on abuse allegations , but said deceiving parliament was also a very serious issue . ' that 's a matter for member for cook and that 's a matter for people to raise , ' the premier said . ' if someone has misled the parliament that is very serious . ' opposition leader lawrence springborg called for mr gordon to make a full and proper disclosure about the fresh allegations . ' he ca n't hide behind the police investigation in regards to non-payment of child support or non-return of tax returns , ' he said . ms peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012 . mr gordon has n't returned aap 's calls , but earlier described the a current affair as ' a kangaroo court ' . mr springborg also demanded to know how ms palaszczuk was sure mr gordon was telling the truth when she questioned him about the allegations . ' how did she satisfy herself about that , did she ask to see the records or did n't she , ' he asked . on april 8 , as mr gordon announced he would stay in parliament , he vowed to take care of his family and right his past wrongs . ' my focus now is on demonstrating to my family , my children and my community that i am a good man and that i will honour their vote for me , ' he said in a statement . ' some people , even mps , may think they have a perfect past . mine has not been . i have remorse for past events , but i have learned many lessons since i was a young man . mr gordon has n't returned aap 's calls , but earlier described the a current affair program as ' a kangaroo court ' . ' unlike that program and other media outlets , i respect the current police investigation into certain allegations against me , ' mr gordon said in a statement . ' i will thus make no comment until it is completed . '