a dancing postman has become an internet sensation after a video of him strutting his stuff with a customer received 1.5 million views . adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson’s do n't stop 'til you get enough to pharrel williams ' happy , while on his round in exeter , devon . captioned ' some say adam prowse delivers in style ' , the original video shows the postman exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer nichola sullings 57 , of exeter . adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to michael jackson’s ' do n't stop 'til you get enough ' . the royal mail worker has been dubbed ' the happiest postman in the world ' . the video concludes with adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie before heading back to his royal mail van to continue his day job . adam said : ‘ i have always been an extrovert and have been dancing while delivering for several months now . ‘ it all started one day when i had the stereo on in the van and was moving a bit . nichola started dancing , so i danced with her and now we do it every day . ‘ i worked as a barman for a long time and i had one manager who paid me extra to get up and dance free style on the bar for half an hour . the video of adam dancing with the unsuspecting homeowner has been viewed around 1.5million times . adam said that he has never spoken to nichola properly despite the fact that the pair enjoy dancing together . ‘ if i have an audience it is perfect for me . i can not dance with everyone or it would take all day to do my round but there are certain customers you get to know who like to have a laugh . ‘ being a postman is a good job , going out and about meeting people and getting some exercise and dancing is just having a bit of fun that brightens up people 's day . ‘ my moves are not bad but i am not sure i can pull off a proper moonwalk yet . ’ since the release of the 40-second-clip , adam has received much admiration from female viewers , but states that there is only one woman in his life – his fiancée , amy scott . ‘ the interest from women is all very flattering but amy is the only girl for me and she knows it . she has to live with me and puts up with me full time , poor girl , ’ said adam . the postman said the dancing started one day when he had the stereo on in the van and was moving a bit . adam says he has been dancing on the job for several months now and says he has been staggered by the response to his unusual delivery method . ‘ she knows what i am like and is seeing the funny side of the video . ‘ the funny thing is that i have never spoken to nichola properly . we just have a quick little boogie and then she takes the mail off me . ’ royal mail spokeswoman val bodden said : ‘ adam is a great entertainer , who brightens up our customers ' day as he delivers their mail . ’ ‘ as well as putting a smile on people 's faces , he is a hard worker who is good at his job . ‘ it is a pleasure to have him working for us . ’ adam was recently was filmed on his rounds in exeter trying out some solo free-style steps before approaching a customer 's door . royal mail said that adam is a great entertainer , who brightens up his customers ' day as he delivers their mail .