after many years of speculation , bunkie king has finally laid to rest rumours about the nature of relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona . ms king shocked and intrigued the australian public when she entered into a relationship with thompson , who was twice her age , while he was also involved with leona – who is nicknamed le . the 60-year-old’s first meeting with thompson was when she was 15 years old sydney school girl , and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement . scroll down for video . bunkie king , 60 , has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her sister worked . ms king , also appeared with thompson in 1975 movie scobie malone , had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor . speaking with a current affair about her book , somebody i used to know : love , loss and jack thompson , ms king said she decided to pen a novel during an argument with her son . at one point , he shouted : ' i 'm not proud that my mother had sex with her sister . ' this was the moment ms king realised there were many misconceptions about her relationship with the womanising actor . ' that really shocked me because that was n't our relationship , ' she said . ' it never entered my head [ that 's what people thought ] , so i put it down warts and all . ' ms king , who has two children with her ex-husband , also revealed how she shared one man with her sister , 20 . a young bunkie king pictured here with her sister leona - nicknamed le - and jack thompson . le ( pictured left ) was 20 years old when she started a relationship with the australian actor . jack pictured in 1980 ( left ) and 2013 ( right ) , was written about under the headline ' jack and his jills ' , when he told a newspaper he felt ' like a bone being fought over by two dogs ' . but from the start the siblings made it clear they were not going to sleep with him in the same bed . when ms king first moved in with le and thompson she was ' allocated one night a week ' with the actor . but then they relocated to collaroy - on sydney 's north shore - and the sisters would see him on alternating nights . ms king said she had never close to le and there were times where she felt her sister , who she is now estranged from , wished she had thompson all to herself . but it was all or nothing with thompson , who starred in spyforce - an action series following australian military intelligence operatives in the south west pacific during world war ii . ' i was happy for whatever crumbs came off the table . it did cause problems with jealousy and things like that . i do n't think either of us would have chosen it that way , ' ms king said . cleo magazine featured him reclined naked on a sofa catapulting him to sex symbol status overnight . talking to new idea , ms king said their relationship in many ways was ' quite old-fashioned ' . ' we had separate bedrooms . he was just sleeping with both of us , ' she said . in her interview with aca , ms king said her relationship was not a ' unique situation ' . ' it is in western society but it 's not a unique situation for a man to have more than one wife , ' she said . ' in western society , a man generally speaking has a wife and a mistress or maybe a couple of mistresses . ' but despite his commitment to two women , ms king claims thompson still had time to be unfaithful to her and le . she said what hurt her the most about his alleged infidelities was the fact he was not open , honest and upfront about it . ms king also revealed her sister did not know about her regular afternoon visits from thompson at their mother 's house when he started to court her . the visits in the 1970s increased to three a week and , after months of spending time together , she fell hopelessly in love knowing he was with le . ms king has revealed in her memoirs how , as a virgin , she struggled to dampen her feelings for the blond tanned hunk and desperately craved his love even after her sister caught them kissing . heyday : the actor , pictured centre ( moustache ) , starred alongside david bowie ( right ) in 1983 movie merry christmas mr lawrence . seventies hit : the star ( right ) was catapulted to fame for the series spyforce , based on the adventures of australian military intelligence operatives in the south west pacific during world war ii . ms king writes : ' one night , he and i are kissing and cuddling in their bedroom when le [ leona ] bursts in the door yelling , `` what the hell are you doing ? '' ' he jumps up off the bed and tries to calm her down . i bolt out of the room , down the stairs , through the front door and out into the street . ' i know there 's something wrong with what we 've been doing . he 's obviously le 's boyfriend and i feel bad for her , but i do n't know how to give him up . ' it was the same for jack too and , with his popularity at its height in the mid-1970s , the wake in fright star bought a rambling farm in the hills above coffs harbour , on the nsw mid-north coast , and convinced the sisters to share an ' open ' and ' honest ' relationship with him . new idea magazine is on sale now . they moved in together , ms king confined to the smaller room , while leona shares the master bedroom with the actor , now dubbed ' jack the lady killer ' by the media . in her book , the 60-year-old also speaks frankly about her drug use , ranging from marijuana to acid to heroin . but she did not classify her drug use as ' hardcore ' . ' hardcore to me is someone who is basically mainlining . it was the 60s and the 70s , ' ms king said . during the early years of their relationship , cleo magazine featured thompson reclined on a sofa in a pose emulating a classic nude , titian 's venus d'urbino , catapulting him to sex symbol status overnight . in 1972 , ms king evealed she fell pregnant for the first time , having forgotten to take the pill , and underwent the first of three terminations over 15 years . as jack 's fame grew , journalists clamoured for details about the nature of his threesome relationship and in october 1974 , he granted sydney 's daily telegraph an interview . published under the headline ' jack and his jills ' , he claimed that he occasionally felt ' like a bone being fought over by two dogs . ' the truth , however , no doubt lies somewhere in between . ms king says a serious showdown in spain forced her to finally flee and maintains throughout her 15 years as jack 's lover , she never knew if she was genuinely wanted or was ' just an interloper . ' today she works in nursing and is divorced with a son stephan , 17 , and daughter , and lives a quiet life south of sydney . and for his part , jack remains with leona , with whom he shares a son billy , and the pair lead a reclusive life in ulong in new south wales . 