technology : a study found that the majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job . a generation of older workers are risking redundancy and long-term unemployment because of poor technology skills , it is claimed . experts said training was ‘ heavily geared’ towards young people , meaning many older workers were left behind in the workplace . this left them vulnerable when companies start ‘shedding’ jobs . while older generations often pride themselves on their numeracy and literacy skills , even these could ‘ go stale’ with age , a study warned . the association of accounting technicians ( aat ) said research showed that over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 – and were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s . the aat said the death of a ‘ job for life’ meant workers could no longer rely on loyalty to their company and experience to take them through to retirement with the same employer . instead , older workers could not become complacent and must constantly ‘reskill’ and retrain to boost their job security , it said . in a new report on the value of training for older workers , it said : ‘ the old model of training in youth and a `` career for life '' thereafter no longer applies’ . a survey by the aat found that , while people in their twenties , thirties and forties aspired to take a master’s degree in the future or a vocational qualification , this stopped at 55 , when most respondents said they were unlikely to undertake a formal qualification . a third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification . the majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job , while an astonishing one in 10 have never used a computer . but the aat said the reality was they may have a ‘ lack of knowledge of what modern and technological tools there are available which could assist them carrying out their tasks’ . education : a third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification . mark farrar , of the aat , said : ‘ older generations are faced with the greatest barriers when it comes to reskilling . ‘ given rapid economic and technological changes , many traditional jobs are less secure than in the past and older workers are increasingly facing the threat of redundancy . ‘ the uk’s ageing population is growing and the increased retirement age means people are working for longer . ‘ the challenge is therefore to ensure people can continue to participate in the labour market at the later stage of their working lives . ’ according to the office for national statistics , workers aged 55 and over are less likely to be unemployed than younger workers . but older unemployed people are more likely to have been out of work for 12 months or longer , suggesting they find it harder to find a new job if they do find themselves out of work . the accountancy body said older men were particularly vulnerable to job losses in the declining mining , agriculture and manufacturing industries , while women were heavily over-represented in the public sector so could face risks from cuts to civil servants .