shattering its windscreen , this is the incredible moment a bus ploughed into a passenger plane at tashkent airport in uzbekistan . the incident is difficult to comprehend as the collision was much more than just a minor skirmish on the tarmac at the busy asian airport . the damage on the vehicle is clear , although it is unknown if the engine of the boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured . the bus ploughed into the engine of the uzbekistan airways boeing 777 passenger jet . tashkent is the largest international airport in uzbekistan , and the busiest in central asia , so the crash will have more than likely delayed many passengers . the plane was believed to be an uzbekistan airways service , the national airline of the country , with its headquarters at tashkent . mailonline travel has contacted uzbekistan airways and is awaiting comment . this kind of incident is unfortunately becoming more common . ryanair passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar , croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airline’s planes clipped wings at dublin airport back on april 1 . photos snapped by travellers show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane - and it 's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided at ireland 's busiest airport . it 's difficult to comprehend the moments leading up the crash as the force of impact is severe . passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . in october 2014 a ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane belonging to the budget carrier at dublin airport . the boeing 737s heading to edinburgh and brussels were taxiing to a runway when they collided in darkness . in january this year a british airways plane hit a hangar at heathrow airport , while being towed away for routine maintenance . as the boeing 777-200 aircraft was being towed towards a hangar , someone misjudged the distance and the plane 's wing clipped the wall of a nearby building . there were no injuries from the collision , and the airport and airline continued to operate normally for the rest of the day .  