by her own admission , michelle o’clee’s story of heartbreak and deception reads like the plot of a best-selling novel . a devoted wife , she was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband – who explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving secret safe houses , witness protection , police escorts and serious fraud . it was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on facebook that the awful truth emerged . now , michelle , 39 , has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life . michelle o'clee , 39 ( pictured ) , said her bigamist husband 's ' extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller . andrew o’clee , 36 , secretly moved in philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away . ‘ in my head it was like dominoes – flashbacks of everything and it all made sense , ’ she said . ' i went into survival mode . i didn’t know how he was going to act and i thought , “ i don’t even know this man” . ’ far from being the loyal husband she believed him to be , andrew o’clee , 36 , had secretly moved in with finance manager philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away . he went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while michelle was pregnant with their first child . the bigamist told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme – and even left mid-way through the birth after claiming that police were waiting for him outside . last week the ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy . it later emerged he may even have been searching for wife number three after a profile with his name , age , height and location was spotted on a dating website . michelle told the sun on sunday : ‘ they were extraordinary lies . it’s like something from a john grisham book . ‘ this was a man i loved and trusted for 14 years . i’d thought he was the perfect husband . ’ andrew o'clee , 36 , ( left ) was caught out when he was tagged in a video on facebook with his new spouse philippa ( right ) . the video of the ice bucket challenge was captioned ‘ uncle andrew’ and ‘ auntie philippa’ . michelle met o’clee in 2000 when they were both working at a branch of river island . they got engaged a year later . years after , he would present miss campbell with an engagement ring identical to the one he gave michelle . ‘ i thought he was a nice , polite , well-mannered guy , ’ michelle said . ‘ we were attracted from the start and he was quite flirtatious . our first date was on christmas eve and he proposed a year later . the ring was exactly the same as philippa’s , platinum with a princess cut diamond and diamonds on each side . he asked me at the same spot where we’d first kissed . ’ after years of saving , the couple spent £30,000 on their dream wedding in 2008 , including a lavish reception at the great conservatory at syon park in west london . but starting a family proved a struggle . michelle finally discovered she was pregnant in june 2013 . ‘ it was that year he told me about the witness protection programme and he had to move out , ’ she said . o’clee , who worked for business services provider iss , claimed he was involved in a fraud trial , which meant he had to leave their rented flat in west london to be placed in a ‘ safe house’ . in reality , he had moved in with miss campbell , 40 miles away . o’clee married second wife philippa in august 2013 at st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex ( pictured ) . his first wife michelle was pregnant at the time , having discovered she was expecting in june 2013 . michelle opened up about her heartache after finding out that the ex-soldier had presented his new bride with an identical platinum engagement ring . pictured : the couple 's rings posted on philippa 's facebook page . the pair married in august the same year at st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex . miss campbell , 30 , who did not know he was already married , is standing by him . o’clee forged a decree nisi and told friends and family he had divorced michelle because she had cheated on him . he even abandoned her while she was giving birth to their daughter , amelia . ‘ at the peak of my labour i was holding on to the bed , and he said “ i have to go because the police are waiting for me” , ’ michelle added . ‘ i said , “ can you not tell them you’re having a baby ? you can’t leave me” . but he did . he joked and said , “ hold it in until i get back” . ’ soon afterwards michelle began to grow suspicious . her sister jasmine eventually learned the truth while browsing facebook last year . she stumbled across the video of the ice bucket challenge – in which people are filmed being drenched in freezing water for charity . it was captioned ‘ uncle andrew’ and ‘ auntie philippa’ . michelle said : ‘ my sister saw it on andrew’s brother’s facebook page and thought , “ oooh , who is auntie philippa ? ” , then it clicked on to her facebook page and she saw the profile wedding picture . she told my best friend , who told me andrew was living a double life . i went into a state of shock . michelle turned to close friend myleene klass ( right ) for support after discovering the truth behind o'clee 's ( left ) tangled web of deceit . tv presenter myleene 's own marriage to security boss graham quinn also failed . ‘ he had isolated and cut me off from everybody . i found out he had told his family we had divorced . i didn’t see his family for a year because he told me he had fallen out with his mother and brother . ’ michelle said she felt ‘stupid’ but had no reason to doubt her husband . ‘ he is a liar and i had no idea , ’ she added . ‘ he was always vague . when i look back , i never asked questions , i just carried on . ’ after discovering her husband’s lies , michelle said she immediately turned for help to her friend , the musician and tv presenter myleene klass , whose own marriage to security boss graham quinn failed . the pair have been friends for 15 years after they performed together in miss saigon in the west end . ‘ i knew myleene would be able to help me , ’ michelle added . ‘ not only is she a strong woman but she has had to deal with difficult issues herself . she’s my rock . ’