punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers , blaming ' shirtless f***wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ' gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit . scroll down for video . music fans pose during the future music festival at sydney 's randwick racecourse in february this year . punters have reacted with a mixture amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . ' what will we do with all the d*****bags in singlets ? ' adam connelly joked on twitter . ' but where will i walk around without a shirt whilst on pingaz ? ! ' jake finnigan posted on facebook . more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at future music festival events around the country , which took place in sydney , perth , adelaide , melbourne and brisbane between february 28 and march 9 . on thursday , organisers of the annual event released a statement announcing that it has been cancelled . many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . in a statement it was explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs , the festival could not continue . in the beginning : the festival first began in 2006 as a standalone one day festival in sydney . 'it’s been a difficult decision to make but in the end travelling the festival in its current form across australia simply doesn’t make financial sense anymore ' the statement read . following thursday's announcement , music fans took to social media to express their disappointment . ' i 've been to 5 out of the last 6 futures in sydney and it 's always been my favourite festival . however it was pretty obvious with your lineup this year that there was trouble in the camp , ' matt duffy wrote on facebook . ' i reckon avicii and drake alone would of sent you broke ! i hope some people get crucified for this ! ' following thursday 's announcement , music fans took to social media to express their disappointment . the decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country . meanwhile faith van lith posted : ' these `` superstar '' djs need to stop charging such retarded amounts of money they are destroying their own industry . ' another fan posted on twitter : ' future music festival [ because ] djs charge way too much . i mean is it really necessary to charge 250k for an hour ? ' promoting company mushroom group released a subsequent statement explaining the decision . ' despite the considerable critical acclaim of the 2015 festival , the last two years of ticket sales for the festival have underperformed , meaning future music festival will not be returning in 2016 ' . last time : the decision came just one month after the festival made its way around the country and was headlined by avicii . on stage : canadian rapper drake was also a co-headliner at the dance festival this year . the decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country this year , which was headlined by rapper drake and dj avicii . speaking to the music group chairman michael gudinski said : ' ... the cost to physically stage the events has significantly increased , even in just two years . ' ' the fluctuating dollar also hasn’t helped and the increasing popularity of edm [ electronic dance music ] in the states has seen dj fees escalating out of control . ' mixing it up : known for blending dance and rap artists in to the lineup , macklemore performed on the 2014 bill . gudinski believes that touring festivals will eventually be phased out altogether in australia . ' ... australia is following a trend that’s already been seen in america where touring festivals have become a thing of the past ... instead , stand-alone location festivals such as coachella and lollapalooza are going from strength to strength . ' there is some positive news for disappointed fans as it was confirmed that the under 18 version of the festival , good life will continue . crowd favoruites : dance group the prodigy performed at this years festival as well in 2013 and 2010 . back to work : future music also marked the first slew of shows for singer example this year after taking time off to be with his wife and newborn son . on the road : the festival 's huge success saw it travel to brisbane , perth , melbourne and adelaide from 2007 onward . mushroom group also announced they are planning ' a new festival concept ' which will take place in the same period that future music was held . the festival first began in 2006 as a standalone one day festival in sydney , however its huge success saw it travel to brisbane , perth , melbourne and adelaide from the next year onward . some local and international talent who have taken to the future music stage over the years include the prodigy , bloc party , skrillex , rita ora , kesha and macklemore . 