arrested : doug hughes was put under arrest for his gyro-copter stunt and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . the postal carrier who flew a gyrocopter onto the lawn of the u.s. capitol is facing two criminal charges . but he 's being released from federal custody to return to florida . doug hughes made his initial appearance in u.s. district court in washington on thursday . that 's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the capitol 's west lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the national mall . he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . hughes said it was a political protest . hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in tampa starting next week . in a soft voice , hughes appeared to ask the judge a clarifying question about that obligation but otherwise he did not say anything significant . homeland security secretary jeh johnson said thursday that the copter ' apparently literally flew in under the radar , ' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why . johnson said it 's too soon to say whether wednesday 's incident should prompt changes in security procedures . ' i want to know all the facts before i reach an assessment of what can and should be done about gyrocopters in the future , ' he said . but lawmakers said the incident exposed a gap in security , especially amid revelations that the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago . the agency apparently determined he did not pose a threat , said rep. elijah cummings , d-md. , the senior democrat on the house oversight and government reform committee . cummings spoke thursday with the secret service director . ' i think that there 's absolutely a gap , and it 's a very dangerous gap , with regard to our airspace , ' cummings said . ' i do n't want people to get a message that they can just land anywhere . suppose there was a bomb or an explosive device on that air vehicle ? that could have been a major catastrophe . ' how 'd it happen ? homeland security secretary jeh johnson said thursday that the copter ' apparently literally flew in under the radar , ' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why . approach : the small gyro-copter ( circled in red ) lands on the west lawn of the capitol in washington as members of the public walk by . the stunt has n't cost him his freedom , yet , but means he must check in with authorities every week as he awaits trial . johnson said the secret service passed along the information from the interview with hughes , who was to appear in court thursday afternoon , to ' all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies . ' house minority leader nancy pelosi , d-calif. , called the incident ' stunning . ' ' what safeguards can we use ? we do n't want to be a place where we 're saying `this is an iron-clad capitol . ' and have such restrictions on people having access to it , ' pelosi told reporters . ' nonetheless , we have to ensure the safety of those people . ' the tiny , open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone , but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from gettysburg , pennsylvania , right up to the capitol . hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics , and deliver letters to all 535 members of congress on the topic . ' we are a democracy . we do n't have fences around our airspace , so we 've got to find the right balance between living in a free and open society and security and the protection of federal buildings , ' johnson told reporters on capitol hill . ' and so we want to stay one step ahead of every incident like this , but then again , you do n't want to overreact , either . ' still , lawmakers questioned why , if authorities had been in touch with hughes , no action was taken to stop him . practice run : doug hughes flies his gyrocopter near the wauchula municipal airport in wauchula , florida prior to his ' insane ' stunt on wednesday . before doug hughes made headlines by flying his open air helicopter onto the u.s. capitol grounds , he blogged about his intention to undertake the 'non-violent demonstration . ' though , it may have been a demonstration years in the making . in a post dated september 2013 on the democracyclub.org , a writer called tampadoug47 wrote : let me say first – this is a non-violent demonstration . i have no intention of hurting anyone – i have taken every precaution to prevent any injury to anyone , including me . there is no way i can prevent over-reaction by the authorities , but i have given them as much information and advance warning as my fuel supply allows . when i took off , i was over an hour away from the no-fly zone . the demonstration is about restoring democracy . corruption in washington dc has robbed the us citizens of the representative government that is our birthright . polls show that the public is aware of the problem and very concerned , but they are largely uninformed that there is a solution and there are organizations prepared to make reform a reality . as a result of this flight , two things will happen . ( i hope . ) first , we’re going to change the narrative – the story . voters are going to quit being played like suckers with divisive hot-button issues and come together on a single issue . honest government . congress won’t start working for you or me when their big paycheck is from big business . lobbyists , special interests , unions . we have to make this happen . the political parties won’t . congress sure won’t . lobbyists love the status quo . the mainstream media ( not the local media ) is making a financial killing with mega-elections . it’s up to us . second , in every congressional race in 2016 , i want every candidate to take a stand on corruption . after this flight , we’re going to define exactly what reform means – set a written standard – and it’s that standard which candidates will have to endorse . or the candidate will have to defend to voters why he took a lesser position . the candidate who only wants to talk ‘reform’ but won’t endorse the real deal will be facing someone who will endorse real reform . that may be in the primary or the general election . giving you a choice is our job . the clear choice , establishment or reform , will be in place in just a year for just over 460 congressional races . you get to choose ( that’s your job as a voter . ) but for the first time in decades , you will have a meaningful choice . what do i want from you ? look over your options on the previous screen or the ‘ honor roll’ on the sidebar to the right . rootstrikers or wolf pac or represent.us . my favorite group isn’t listed there – it’s my own startup group : ‘ the civilist papers‘ . find a group ( or groups ) that you are comfortable with and sign up . we’re not after money – we want to know who you are and where you are so we can keep you informed . protest flight : doug hughes took off from an undisclosed location in washington d.c. and landed his gyro-copter on the west front lawn of the us capitol building . ' my concerns are the prior notice that he was going to do this and the lack of response , ' said rep. michael mccaul , r-texas , chairman of the house homeland security committee . ' these small aircraft or uav devices concern me because they could go undetected and cause damage , so that 's something we 're taking a look at , ' mccaul said , adding he might hold hearings on the issue . cummings and others also complained that they were not notified of the incident and that many first learned of it from the news media . johnson defended existing protocols for dealing with the restricted airspace over washington , d.c. , federal buildings and monuments . ' we 've got a well-coordinated federal response to dealing with issues of those who penetrate the restricted airspace without permission , ' he said . he said his first reaction on hearing of the incident was to ask , ' what 's a gyrocopter ? ' it 's not unusual for a small aircraft like a gyrocopter to go undetected by conventional radar . unlike most larger aircraft , a gyrocopter does n't have a transponder that identifies the aircraft , its altitude and heading . even without a transponder , radar can detect ' primary targets ' - planes , flocks of birds , rain and other objects . but how well it can detect those objects depends upon several factors . the landing on the capitol grounds ' just illustrates how hard it is to have an impermeable barrier . it 's very hard to hermetically seal airspace , ' said john hansman , a massachusetts institute of technology aeronautics professor . evidence : the illegally landed craft was piloted by florida mailman doug hughes to protest against government corruption and to promote campaign finance reform . evidence : the illegally landed craft was piloted by florida mailman doug hughes to protest against government corruption and to promote campaign finance reform .  