as one of the world 's most successful female designers , victoria beckham was unlikely to turn up at the london marathon in trainers . despite it being an off-duty day , the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today . she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ' team romeo ' t-shirt with a pair of alaïa boots , which retail at approximately £1,500 . scroll down for video . victoria beckham at the london marathon today . r13 kate distressed skinny jeans . get a similar style at farfetch ! visit site . just when we thought we knew victoria beckham 's sense of style better than our own , she goes and surprises us . we 're so used to seeing her in midi skirts and dresses from her own collection that seeing her in a sleeveless wrap top and jeans takes a bit of getting used to . but when it comes to basics , like the rest of us , she has her favorites . she actually has worn these super skinny jeans countless times before , and it 's easy to see why . they 're by r13 , a label loved by a-listers like lindsay lohan , beyoncé and rihanna and they fit like a dream . when paired with platform ankle boots , vb 's legs look like they go on forever ! this season , the biggest denim trend has been jeans that are ripped to shreds . but we love this much more subtle approach - look closely and you 've notice that these dark wash jeans feature distressed detailing all over . click the link ( right ) to buy a similar pair now at farfetch . but if you want the beckham look on a budget , check out the edit below for our favorite high street styles . topshop distressed skinny jeans . visit site . asos distressed skinny jeans . visit site . citizens of humanity distressed jeans at selfridges . visit site . asos ridley skinny jeans in clean black with ripped knees at asos . visit site . despite the shoes having an eye-watering six inch heel , the star appeared unhindered and strolled easily around the finishing line with her husband david and her three sons . victoria is a devotee of huge heels - in her early years of fame she was never seen without a pair on and once said of flat shoes : ' i just can’t get my head around the footwear . ' but recently she admitted in an interview with the independent that she was now a convert , thanks to her busy lifestyle . she told the newspaper : 'i’m busier now – so i couldn’t totter around in a tight dress and a pair of heels ! i think i feel a little more relaxed . ' the star wore a pair of alaïa boots , which retail at approximately £1,500 . she continued : ' i suppose if i’m being honest , i would have been scared , right at the beginning , to wear lots of layers and to wear a flat shoe . ' i would have been scared to do that . now i’m not . ' but victoria must find these boots extremely comfortable because she has been wearing them on a number of occasions recently . the spice girl wore them for a flight to london from la last week and she also showcased them during an appearance on the ellen show last week . victoria wore the boots when she took a flight from la to london last week . victoria also wore the boots for an appearance on the ellen show . 