fa cup semi-finalists reading still have lingering relegation worries in the championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium . reading took the lead with only four minutes gone when pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary 's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall . but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute when conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass . cardiff 's conor mcaleny ( left ) celebrates after scoring a late equaliser against reading . reading : federici , gunter , pearce , hector , obita , mccleary ( norwood 74 ' ) , ake , akpan , robson-kanu ( blackman 85 ' ) , mackie ( appiah 68 ' ) , pogrebnyak . subs not used : yakubu , karacan , knight , andersen . goals : pogrebnyak 4 ' . cardiff : marshall , peltier ( malone 84 ' ) , ecuele manga , morrison , da silva , noone , whittingham , gunnarsson , ralls ( kennedy 65 ' ) , doyle ( mason 65 ' ) , mcaleny . subs not used : adeyemi , o'keefe , moore , gabbidon . goals : mcaleny 90 ' . referee : scott duncan . attendance : 17,953 . reading face arsenal in their last-four clash at wembley on april 18 . on their previous semi-final appearance , in 1927 , they lost 3-0 to eventual winners cardiff at molineux . as reading 's cup displays have been impressive , though , their league form has been patchy . they had won only two of their previous nine championship matches , losing six of them . cardiff 's season has been one of inconsistency , too , but they arrived at the madejski stadium on an unbeaten run of three matches . they were also undefeated on their travels for five games , winning their past three . reading made the early running and were rewarded in only the fourth minute when they went ahead . jordan obita crossed from the left , mccleary nodded it forward and pogrebnyak guided it past marshall for his third goal in two matches . cardiff , beaten 2-1 at home by reading in the cup fourth round in january , replied quickly . mcaleny tried a snapshot from the edge of the reading area but his effort was half-blocked and goalkeeper adam federici gathered comfortably . reading could have stretched their lead when captain alex pearce rose to meet a mccleary corner but fellow centre-back michael hector got there before him and glanced his header wide . cardiff tried hard to get back into the game but had little joy . fabio cut in from the left flank but his powerful strike was blocked by pearce at the near post , and peter whittingham 's dangerous free-kick was neatly caught by federici . pavel pogrebnyak celebrates scoring for reading against cardiff . reading continued to assert control after the break , with chelsea loanee nathan ake impressing on his debut in midfield . most of reading 's best creative moves were channelled through him . cardiff relied on the swift counter-attack , with joe ralls almost setting free mcaleny . but his final pass carried too much pace and , with mcaleny unable to retrieve it , the chance went begging . an opportunity also went astray at the other end , when bruno ecuele-manga 's poor pass was intercepted by mccleary but the reading winger hesitated too long before firing a shot wide of marshall 's far post . cardiff responded with a low shot from craig noone , which federici did well to save , and a header from ecuele-manga from another whittingham free-kick , which drifted wide . reading went much closer in the closing stages . substitute kwesi appiah , on debut on loan from crystal palace , forced a fine stop from marshall and hector nodded a mccleary corner into the ground and up against the crossbar . but cardiff grabbed a draw right at the end from mcaleny 's fine finish from the edge of the home area .                        