thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs . many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands . ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one – even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry – rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers . scroll down for video . thousands of law-abiding motorists have had their cars clamped because they were unaware of major vehicle tax rule changes . file photo . critics allege that the dvla has been operating a 'money-making scam ' after figures yesterday showed clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in october last year . many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed . drivers have faced bills of up to £800 to get their impounded vehicles back . the government abolished the paper tax disc ( pictured ) last autumn . the dvla was accused of 'heavy-handed and draconian ' behaviour yesterday after figures showed its use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to 8,630 last month . with no right to appeal against the fines to an independent body , drivers have little choice but to pay up . the dvla is estimated to be making millions of pounds a year because it receives double road tax payment – from both the seller and the buyer . christopher and marianna webb , from bridport , dorset , were hit with an £822 bill to get their ford focus back after returning from holiday to find it had been impounded for non-payment of vehicle excise duty . the couple decided to swap their cars with each other and informed the dvla of the change in ownership , without realising it meant the tax for both vehicles would be cancelled . mr webb , 56 , told the guardian : ' i feel they are very heavy-handed . why did they not send a reminder letter ? ' pete hallam , whose car was also clamped , said : ' this is shady practice and reminiscent of the car parking wheel clampers a few years ago . it is a money-making scam . ' paul watters of the aa said there had been only limited publicity from the dvla about the changes to the vehicle tax system . ' there are a lot of people who are not aware of this – some may think they are covered because they see there is a tax disc on the windscreen , ' he said . ' clamping is quite heavy-handed and draconian . before they clamp they should try to get in touch with these people if they can . ' a dvla spokesman said : ' the changes have been widely publicised and we write to every vehicle keeper to remind them of the new rules before the vehicle tax expires . ' we also write to every new vehicle keeper when they buy a used vehicle to inform them that they must tax the vehicle before they use it . ' in addition , if a driver does not tax their car we will send a warning letter to remind them to tax as they are at risk of enforcement action . '