villarreal 's slide continued as a diego castro header gave getafe a 1-1 draw in la liga on sunday but the match was overshadowed by a serious looking injury to mateo musacchio . the villarreal defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball . the argentine underwent a successful operation after being taken to hospital , where he was diagnosed with a broken left ankle . villarreal 's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . as he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle . musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break . ' musacchio has been successfully operated on tonight at the cemtro clinic in madrid after having a dislocation and break of his left ankle , ' read a statement on villarreal 's website . ' the recovery time for the footballer will depend on the progress he makes . ' an ikechukwu uche penalty , after he himself was fouled by medhi lacen with 52 minutes played , was villarreal 's first goal in five league games but it was not enough to give them their first la liga away win of the year . in a scrappy game getafe deservedly drew level with a fine header from castro after 64 minutes and pedro leon had the chance to win the game but his shot following a breakaway was parried by villarreal keeper sergio asenjo . villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions and are sixth on 51 points . getafe are 13th on 36 points . barcelona lead the way at the top of the table on 75 points but their advantage was cut to two points following a 2-2 draw with sevilla on saturday . getafe 's freddy takes on villarreal 's bailly during sunday 's la liga clash at the coliseum alfonso perez . getafe 's rodriguez and denis cheryshev contest the ball during sunday 's game . villarreal are sixth in the la liga table following their 1-1 draw with getafe on sunday . an 18-match unbeaten run up until february saw villarreal alive on three fronts but in the last couple of months the wheels have come off . they were knocked out of the king 's cup and the europa league while their dreams of a champions league spot have faded . injuries have taken their toll with bruno soriano and denis cheryshev among the key players that have missed games and now the likely loss of musacchio , who also spent a lengthy spell in the treatment room earlier in the season , would be a big blow . 