a pitcher with the colorado rockies is taking some time out from the sport to care for his young son , who was bitten by a rattlesnake last month in arizona . right-handed reliever john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday . his son had surgery last monday - opening day for the rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue . john axford , right , has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies . his son jameson , left , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . axford celebrated h is birthday on april 1 by enjoying cake with his sons , jb , left , and jameson , right . axford said the toes of 2-year-old jameson ' look fine , ' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection . jameson will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more treatment . ' we still have a long road , a long process to go , ' axford said . ' but at least i 'll be able to be closer to him . ' his son was bitten twice in the yard of the house his family rented in scottsdale for spring training . the family was hoping for ' better things ' after the surgery . ' the necrotic tissue on his foot ended up being worse than we thought , ' explained axford , who also has a 3-year-old son , jb . ' there was a lot of infection in there and it was a staph infection . the tissue they thought was going to be good turned out to not be great . … his foot is in pretty rough shape in spots . ' more surgery will be necessary , and axford said one of the top surgeons is in denver . the axford family will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver so that jameson , center , can have more treatment . ' the doctors in arizona have been amazing . they 've texted me , called me , keeping me updated with everything , ' axford said . ' they told me they all agreed that this was the worst rattlesnake bite they 'd seen in the area . it 's pretty unfortunate that it went that way for him , but it was fortunate that it was in the area that it was , on his foot , not somewhere else on his body , especially with the damage that was done . ' axford will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week . axford has made one appearance for the rockies this season , getting a save with a scoreless 10th inning on wednesday at milwaukee . but really his mind has been anywhere but the ballpark . his wife , nicole , has been constantly by his son 's side at the hospital . given jameson 's age , axford is hoping his son wo n't remember too much about this incident . ' hopefully because he is 2 he 'll be able to erase it from his memory . but he 'll have an incredible scar on his foot to show people and he 'll have the story from us , ' axford said . axford , who has been given sick leave for at least three days and a maximum of a week , tweeted his thanks last month for the support his family had received after jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake . rockies manager walt weiss went through a health scare with his son more than a decade ago and shared his story with axford . when weiss was playing for atlanta in 1998 , his son , brody , got e. coli and developed a blood disease . brody weiss was in critical condition for a few weeks . now brody is playing baseball at a community college . ' dealt with a life-and-death situation with my son and was away from the team for a while , and so i was certainly able to empathize with him , in sharing that story , ' walt weiss said . ' that does n't make it any easier for john , but i think it helps when someone can share a similar experience with you . ' to take axford 's spot , the rockies selected the contract of righty scott oberg from triple-a albuquerque . they also transferred infielder charlie culberson ( back ) to the 60-day disabled list . 