gigi hadid 's younger sister bella hadid is quickly catching up with her star sibling 's phenomenal fashion success , carving out an impressive career for herself within the industry . the 18-year-old , who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi , 19 , stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the may issue of elle magazine , which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles . in one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer fleur du mal lace bodysuit , with her arms thrown casually above her head . scroll down for video . it 's good to be a model : bella hadid models a tantalizing $ 895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit and $ 1,250 giuseppe zanotti boots . giuseppe zanotti cowboy boots . on sale for $ 500 at 6pm ! visit site . she may be just 18 , but her sartorial sense goes far beyond her years . and in her latest spread for elle magazine , bella hadid wore several risque pieces that you would n't see on the average teenager . but then again , the budding supermodel is n't a normal teen . in this sultry snap , the brunette beauty donned a lace fleur du mal one piece and giuseppe zanotti shoes . the white cowboy boots contrasted with the dark see through material for a look that oozed sex appeal . bella 's designer footwear is on sale for $ 500 ( less than half the original price ! ) so get them before they 're gone . the western motif is currently in high demand so this is a sound investment . of course if it 's a bargain you seek , we 've got you covered . our edit has a metallic version from golden goose and a distressed rendition from frye . team with your favorite denim and a fringe vest to really play up the cowgirl theme . dan women 's el paso leather boot at amazon . visit site . frye melissa button boots at 6pm ( now $ 159.99 ) visit site . durango women 's rd4111 boot . visit site . golden goose patterned cowboy boots at farfetch . visit site . in the know : bella is fast making a name for herself as one of the hottest young talents in the fashion industry . while her cheekbones are heavily contoured , bella otherwise wears very little make-up , and has her dark hair flowing loose around her shoulders . a second image sees the fashion star leaning against a stool while wearing a high-waisted pleated black skirt and a sheer , striped high-necked top . she completes the outfit with a pair of slinky fishnet tights and a black leather belt . and far from the stick-thin frames many might be used to seeing on the runways at fashion week , bella shows off a refreshingly healthy figure , happily showcasing her curves in the revealing ensembles , and looking every inch the high-end fashion star . described by elle as an 'on-the-rise ' model with a ' fascinating frame ' , it seems evident that her star is set to rise just as high as her famous sibling 's . straight face : bella is quickly following in her sister 's footsteps up the fashion industry ladder thanks to her striking looks . opposites : while gigi is known for her bright blonde hair , younger hadid sister bella favors a much darker look , which she showcases in her elle shoot . earlier this week , gigi was revealed as one of the lucky few to feature on people magazine 's list of the world 's most beautiful , which is due to be published in full later this month , and the model also boasts campaigns for the likes of maybelline , guess , and seafolly . the daughter of real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster has also strutted her stuff on the catwalk for a host of major fashion labels , including michael kors and tommy hilfiger , as well as making numerous appearances alongside her sister in the hit reality series , which is credited with catapulting both of the girls into the limelight . bella , meanwhile , walked alongside her sister in the tom ford fall/winter 2015 show , and was recently named as the face of botkier 's spring campaign . she is joined in the pages of may 's elle issue by fellow fashion star hailey baldwin , who in an interview with the publication revealed that she used to spend nights sleeping over at kim kardashian’s apartment , before she found fame herself . sister , sister : gigi hadid ( l ) , 19 , is older than her sister bella ( r ) by 18 months . reality stars : both siblings have made several appearances in the real housewives of beverly hills alongside their mother , yolanda foster . the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , who is close friend with kendall jenner , let slip very discreetly that she often spent nights with ‘ one of her friends’ – meaning kendall – in their ‘sister’s apartment’ – meaning kim’s multi-million-dollar residence , while she was traveling to castings in new york at the start of her career . ' i would basically pack a suitcase from home and just come live with her for a week , ' she said . but since the days of crashing at kim’s sprawling home , hailey has quickly gone on to become a star in her own right . she currently boasts more than 1.3 million instagram followers , has walked in numerous fashion week shows all over the globe , and was recently named as the new face of topshop denim . fancy friends : model hailey baldwin also appears in the publication , revealing that she used to sleep over at kim kardashian 's house when she was working in new york . 'she’s got that twinkle in her eye , ' topshop creative director kate phelan told elle , while comparing hailey to supermodel cara delevingne . kate also recalls how , the first time she met hailey , she was struck by the star 's social media influence ; when kate went home to tell her teenage daughter about the meeting , she said she already knew - because hailey had posted about it online . indeed , as the magazine points out , it is not just hailey’s beautiful physical features that have helped to catapult her to the top of the fashion industry ladder , but also her impressively formidable social media presence , which makes her an appealing asset to fashion brands eager to capitalize on her popularity .