it looks like something straight out of a hollywood movie , and on april 1st , most cynics may assume the research vessel flip is a poorly considered joke . but the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years . the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees , leaving just 50 feet above the surface . the reason behind the flip , is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable . instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat , it keeps its position . scroll down for video . while floating on the surface the rv flip looks as if the back of the vessel has suffered a catastrophic accident leaving only a spine . as the vessel sinks below the surface , it looks like it is about to break up and plunge to the bottom of the ocean . the vessel uses a system of ballast tanks which fill with water to shift the centre of gravity in the vessel moving it to 90 degrees . after 20 minutes , the rv flip is safely positioned at 90 degrees allowing the researchers to begin their various experiments . it is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature . it can be also used for oceanography , meteorology and marine mammal observation . the vessel can accommodate five crew and up to eleven researchers for up to 30 days . once the vessel is towed to its location it ' flips ' within 20 minutes by pumping water into several ballast tanks , sinking the front section of the vessel under the waves . after the vessel completes its flip , areas which were previously bulkheads become floors , and the floor becomes a bulkhead . in the bathroom , there are two sinks at right angles to each other so the crew can wash their hand no matter which way the vessel is pointed . the vessel was launched in 1962 when its unique ability to measure sound underwater would have been vitally important for the development of submarines during the cold war . in recent years , it has been far more concerned with studying marine life far below the surface . in 2010 , the vessel was deployed to research wind and swell conditions to help improve weather models . inside the bathrooms the designers have installed sinks which are at 90 degrees to each other to cope with the flip process . the designers initially considered converting a submarine for this unusual mission but soon decided starting from scratch was better . the vessel is more than 355 feet long and has been specially designed to cope with the stress of tipping over by 90 degrees . operators flood the ballast tanks to turn the vessel on its tail and then pump out the water using air to re-float it .