disgraced former cia director david petraeus will not go to jail for giving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him , a judge ruled today . the former u.s. army general , whose career was destroyed when the affair with paula broadwell emerged in november 2012 , avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte , north carolina on thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation . he was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested . while petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material , he formally entered his plea during thursday 's hearing . petraeus was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife , holly . he told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him ' for the pain my actions caused ' . apologies : former cia director david petraeus apologized for his ' mistakes ' as he spoke outside the north carolina courthouse where he was sentenced to two years probation on thursday afternoon . sentenced : as well as the probation , he was fined $ 100,000 for leaking classified information to his mistress . following the hearing , he briefly addressed the media outside the courthouse . ' as i did in the past , i apologize for those closest to me and many others , ' he said , before thanking his supporters including his family , colleagues and fellow veterans . ' i now look forward to moving on with the next phase of my life and with continuing to serve our great nation as a private citizen , ' he added . critics have noted that in other cases concerning government leaks , defendants have received far harsher punishments than petraeus . cia analyst john kiriakou who is serving 30 months behind bars for revealing the secret cia torture program . ben wizner , an american civil liberties union lawyer who represents edward snowden , told reuters that he was not against lighter sentences - as long as such treatment is handed out equally . ' the problem is not that david petraeus is getting lenient treatment , ' wizner said . ' the problem is that lenient treatment is only available to people in high places . ' petraeus was also given special conditions for his probation . he is allowed to travel internationally with his probation officer 's approval , for example , and is allowed to possess firearms . he is allowed to pay the $ 100,000 fine $ 25,000 per month until it is paid in full . going solo : petraeus , who was seen wearing his wedding ring to court , was not accompanied by his wife holly to the sentencing hearing . it emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer . petraeus has 14 days to file an appeal if he wants to dispute the sentencing . in the previous agreement , prosecutors said that while broadwell was writing her book in 2011 , petraeus gave her eight binders of classified material he had improperly kept from his time as the top military commander in afghanistan . days later , he took the binders back to his house . among the secret information contained in the ' black books ' were the names of covert operatives , the coalition war strategy and notes about petraeus ' discussions with president barack obama and the national security council , prosecutors said . those binders were later seized by the fbi in an april 2013 search of petraeus ' arlington , virginia , home , where he had kept them in the unlocked drawer of a desk in a ground-floor study . prosecutors said that after resigning from the cia in november 2012 , petraeus had signed a form falsely attesting he had no classified material . he also lied to fbi agents by denying he supplied the information to broadwell , according to court documents . affair : petraeus gave his mistress paula broadwell , pictured together in 2011 , classified material that he had improperly kept from his time in the military . she was writing his biography at the time . petraeus , a four-star general who served as commander of the u.s . forces in iraq and afghanistan , resigned from the cia in 2012 when the affair emerged but always denied criminal wrongdoing . broadwell , now 42 , met petraeus , 62 , while she was a graduate student at harvard university , where she was working on a dissertation about him . she wrote his biography , ' all in : the education of general david petraeus ' , which afforded them considerable time together . they carried on an affair between late 2011 and the summer of 2012 . but the relationship was later uncovered whiled the fbi investigated claims that one of petraeus ' friends , florida socialite jill kelley , was receiving threatening emails . the messages were found to have been sent by broadwell , a married mother-of-two . as agents investigated broadwell 's email account , they uncovered the affair and learned the cia director had shared classified information with her . petraeus , who remains married to wife holly , acknowledged the affair as he stepped down , while in may 2013 , broadwell , who is also still married , finally issued an apology for the relationship . ' i have remorse for the harm that this has caused , the sadness it has caused my family and other families , ' she told her local station , wsoc . hurt : paula broadwell remains married to husband scott , pictured together left in 2012 , while petraeus is married to wife holly , right , despite the affair that forced him to step down as cia chief in 2012 . ' i 'm very blessed . blessed with an awesome family , a wonderful community that 's been a great part of my rehabilitation , if you will . even when you 've made mistakes in life you can still contribute and pick up the stuff and move on . ' petraeus held the cia post less than a year , not long enough to leave a significant mark on the spy agency . the core of his identity has been a military man . he was brought in by president george w. bush to command multinational forces in iraq in 2007 , a period when the war began to turn in favor of the u.s . petraeus ' command coincided with the ' surge ' of american forces in iraq and a plan to pay sunni militias to fight al-qaeda in iraq . with american help , the sunni tribes were able to push out insurgents and enable u.s. troops to withdraw in 2011 . those same sunni areas are now controlled by the islamic state group , which evolved from the remnants of al-qaida after iraqi 's shiite-led government proved weak .