from solar-powered models of the queen to a £1,200 wedgwood bust of prince charles , there 's no item of royal memorabilia too big or too small for royalist margaret tyler . the pensioner , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years and now boasts a collection worth £10,000 . but squeezing it all into her small terraced home has n't been easy and her gargantuan collection now fills four whole rooms , including one dedicated to princess diana alone . scroll down for video . passionate : margaret tyler , 71 , has amassed a vast collection of royal memorabilia . despite having a home that quite literally bursts with items , mrs tyler , a mother-of-four , says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as ' a labour of love ' . ' there 's loads of royal magazines that i read , so i get up at about 4.30am to keep up with it all , ' she reveals . ' i 'm retired but i do n't think i 've actually ever worked so hard in my life . it takes a lot of work [ to maintain ] but it 's a labour of love . ' as well as collecting royal memorabilia , mrs tyler , a retired charity worker , is also obsessed with meeting the real thing and says she spent six days outside the lindo wing at st. mary 's hospital in london when prince george was born . ' i was there for six days , ' she beams . ' [ my son ] andrew was born at st. mary 's and i was only there for two days . ' i just wanted to feel close to them [ william and kate ] , i suppose . i spent the time meeting people , and chatting.i was convinced it was going to be a girl , but it was n't . ' extensive : her collection includes china , a solar powered queen and thousands of photos . got it ! a copy of the duchess of cambridge 's £450 issa engagement dress is in the collection . although mrs tyler , who considers the royal family and extension of her own , did n't shake hands with the duke and duchess of cambridge on that occasion , she has met a number of senior royals , among them the queen . ' i 've met a lot of them , ' she reveals . ' i 've met the queen , i 've met prince andrew and prince charles so i 've been very lucky . ' but despite considering herself lucky to have met so many royals , it is collecting that is her real passion and she has amassed around 10,000 items over 40 years . these are stored in four rooms , each with a different royal theme . her drawing room is devoted to the queen , while another , known as the sandringham room , has been turned into a £75-a-night b & b for royal enthusiasts . her front room contains items created for every royal event in the past century , among them the 1953 coronation and the 2012 diamond jubilee , while another space , dubbed ' the memorial room ' is devoted exclusively to princess diana . meeting : mrs tyler has met several members of the royal family including the queen and prince charles . favourite : princess diana remains one of mrs tyler 's favourite royals and has an entire room to her name . homage : mrs tyler in her princess diana room . her favourite painting is seen on the back wall ( centre ) . inside are some of her most prized possessions , among them a diana handbag , a set of diana-themed matrioshka dolls and a stained glass window that mrs tyler commissioned in 1998 - a year after the princess ' death . the room also boasts a fresco of the late princess painted on the ceiling and a large oil painting of diana with her sons william and harry . ' i think that says it all about diana , ' she says of the painting . ' she was a mother first and foremost . ' nevertheless , items devoted to prince charles and the duchess of cornwall also occupy a considerable amount of the floor-space , as do the duke and duchess of cambridge . and while much of the collection might be made up of novelty items picked up at london markets , other items , such as a £450 issa dress identical to the one worn by the duchess of cambridge for her engagement announcement , did n't come cheap . despite the outlay and her rapidly diminishing space , mrs tyler says she will go on collecting royal memorabilia ' forever ' . ' enough is never enough , ' she beams . ' it 's an ongoing story is n't it ? when william and catherine 's baby is born , it will be the queen 's fifth great-grandchild . ' it does n't stop dead . you ca n't pretend that life is n't going on for them . anyway , i just love it ! not even the dusting gets me down . ' 