if charlie austin played for a big club he would be in the england team by now . that’s the populist stance , anyway , and parroting it is much easier than working through the logistics . if we think a squad should contain four strikers , who should roy hodgson drop to make way ? wayne rooney , the captain , poised to overtake sir bobby charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in england’s history ? danny welbeck , the top scorer across this european championship qualifying round , with six goals in five games ? harry kane , english football’s leading goalscorer — or daniel sturridge , the man whose partnership with luis suarez almost propelled liverpool to the title last season ? charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr . austin scored in qpr 's 3-3 draw with fellow premier league strugglers aston villa on tuesday night . harry kane ( left ) and wayne rooney ( right ) started in england 's recent 1-1 draw with italy . every few years an england manager must ride this accusation of big-club favouritism . remember when grant holt of norwich city was thought to have been unjustly ignored by hodgson in 2012 ? not hearing so much of that since his career nosedived into the championship , and probably league one , with wigan athletic . austin is different from holt , whose finest form came towards the end of his career . he will probably move on from queens park rangers at the end of the season and may even earn an england call-up then . critics will say it is because he now plays for a fashionable club . that isn’t true . austin has had an excellent year but england have goal-scorers who are in even better form , or have earned their place in the squad . make no mistake , if he was playing this well as a right back or centre half , he’d have made his debut long ago . daniel sturridge ( left ) and danny welbeck are also ahead of austin in roy hodgson 's pecking order . there was a clamour for grant holt to be named in the england squad during his time at norwich . 