a grandmother was left feeling ' sick and scared ' after she received a chilling ransom demand for her stolen dog . vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated her 10-year-old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west , bristol , earlier this month . she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home , but shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500 . scared : vivienne garton , 65 , has been left devastated after her west highland terrier ben was stolen . she put posters ( pictured ) up near her home but since received an anonymous call threatening to cut up the dog . the caller gave the address of an empty house in bristol and a phone number which she handed to police , who are now investigating . mrs garton , who lives with her husband and four grandchildren aged between eight and 18 , says a number of her posters have now been ripped down . ' i feel sick . i have had him for ten years - he is my little baby . i just want him home safe . i 'm so worried . i do n't know who could do that to someone , ' she said . ' i do n't know if it is a hoax or if he has really been stolen by someone . it is scary . it was a man on the phone and he sounded middle aged . he said he would cut ben up . ' loving pet : mrs garton 's 10-year-old dog is partially sighted , partially deaf and can not walk long distances and has been missing for a fortnight . ben , who is partially sighted , partially deaf and can not walk long distances , disappeared from the family home on sunday april 12 . mrs garton , who suffers from arthritis , explained that she sent the dog outside because he was hassling her while she was cooking sunday lunch . but when ben failed to come back she grew concerned and went outside to find a hole in the hedge . she said that while it was possible he could have escaped it was very out of character and was unlikely that he would n't return . she said : ' there was a little hole in the hedge that he might have got through , but it is very out of character for him not to come back . ' we went straight out looking for him but there has been no sign of him ever since . i am worried he has been stolen and somebody has him in their garage . ' a social media campaign , started by her neighbours , is becoming increasingly popular in the hope of returning the pet . she added : ' friends in the area have been great and i have so much support from people . we are all worried sick and must have driven about 300 miles in the past week just looking for him . ' sometimes we cross paths with other people out doing the same thing . the entire family is worried and stressed out about him . we 've always been a dog-loving family - i have had dogs ever since i was little . ben is the smallest one we 've ever had and he is a member of the family now . ' a spokeswoman for avon and somerset police said : ' we have received reports of threatening phone calls in relation to a lost dog . we are investigating an incident of blackmail . ' devastated : mrs garton says she has been left feeling ' sick and scared ' after receiving the calls , which have now been reported to the police are investigating an incident of blackmail .