italian goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has been plying his trade in serie a for the best part of 20 years and has graced the same field as some of the world 's best . a seven-time scudetto winner with juventus , buffon has played with the likes of andrea pirlo , paval nedved and lilian thuram . here , buffon recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his champions league dream team . legendary juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has picked his champions league dream team . goalkeeper . iker casillas . thomas n’kono was who i grew up admiring , but from my generation , iker casillas is one of the few goalkeeping greats . there has always been a mutual respect between us . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas lifts the champions league trophy after victory against atletico madrid . defence . roberto carlos . i have had to make saves from him , and it’s hard to explain how hard he can hit the ball . he is so dangerous from defence . roberto carlos , pictured holding the champions league trophy in 2000 , makes buffon 's team . paolo maldini . every kid who says they want to be a defender should be made to sit there and watch old videos of maldini . former ac milan captain paolo maldini won the champions league on five occasions during his career . fabio cannavaro . i still have not forgiven him for beating me for european player in 2006 . i am kidding , only he deserved it that year ; he was the best defender in the world . fabio cannavaro , pictured kissing the ballon d'or trophy in november 2006 , lines up in buffon 's defence . lilian thuram . we joined juventus in the same summer . he had such power and aggression in his play , but was also so classy . buffon hailed former juve defender lilian thuram for his ' power and aggression ' . midfield . andrea pirlo . one of the real footballing geniuses . it’s entertaining to watch team’s plans to stop him , and in a second he just destroys their plan with brilliance . italian midfielder andrea pirlo is a ' footballing genius ' according to his juve team-mate buffon . gennaro gattuso . a good friend , but a beast to have in any team . he was the best in his position . gennaro gattusso , seen here playing for ac milan against arsenal in 2008 , features in buffon 's midfield . pavel nedved . so loyal to juventus after their relegation , and at that point in his career he could have played for any club in europe . pavel nedved made 247 appearances for juve during a glittering career with the serie a side . attack . lionel messi . when he is playing at a 100 per cent , you can forget about playing against him . it is just a wonder to watch him and see what he can do . barcelona star lionel messi has won three champions league titles with the catalan giants . roberto baggio . i was 17 and made my debut against baggio which was daunting . along with pirlo , he is the best italian player of the last 30 years . roberto baggio scored 27 goals in 56 appearances for italy and makes buffon 's all-time xi . ronaldo ( brazilian ) . the best i have ever played against , if it wasn’t for injury i think he would be talked about on same level as pele and diego maradona . former real madrid striker ronaldo leads the line in buffon 's champions league dream team ( right ) .