two years ago , rafa benitez was in charge of chelsea and john terry 's glittering career at stamford bridge was in danger of fizzling out . in april 2013 , the spanish manager declared that terry could no longer play two games a week and that controversial decision , twinned with a persistent knee injury , meant the former england international made just 14 appearances for his beloved in the 2012-13 campaign . fast forward to 2015 , the blues captain has one hand on the premier league trophy after arguably his most impressive season at the club - during which he has played a part in each of their 33 games so far . chelsea captain john terry is on course to appear in all 38 premier league matches for his side this season . the blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games for chelsea so far this season . it 's an impressive tally for the 34-year-old , who will no doubt be hoping he can mark another memorable season with a personal best of having featured in all 38 premier league games come the end of the season . if terry manages to make appearances in all of chelsea 's remaining fixtures against leicester , crystal palace , liverpool , west brom and sunderland , he will beat the 37 domestic appearances he made during his side 's last title-winning season in 2009-10 . and he made 36 in 2004-05 and again the following season - his other two premier league title triumphs . during his time as blues boss , rafa benitez ( left ) believed terry could n't play two games in a week . terry had to settle for a place on the bench under benitez and made just 14 premier league appearances . speaking after the 0-0 draw with arsenal on sunday , manager jose mourinho said : ' i told john terry in the dressing room that he made fantastic performances with me in six years but for me this was the best i have seen from him . ' it was the best jt has ever played . his defensive performance was absolutely amazing . ' this season , terry has played 2,970 minutes , scoring three goals along the way as chelsea sit at the premier league 's summit , 10 points clear of second-placed manchester city having already collected the capital one cup in march . the 34-year-old celebrates with the capital one cup after chelsea 's 2-0 victory against tottenham in march . the chelsea captain made 37 premier league appearances during chelsea 's 2009-10 title winning season in . terry 's best seasons at chelsea have largely been when jose mourinho has been in charge . 