chelsea left the north london with the draw they came for , which takes them a step closer to the title . arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game , while jose mourinho 's side rarely troubled david ospina . sportsmail 's sami mokbel gives his verdict from the emirates stadium ... arsenal . david ospina - lucky not concede a penalty after clattering into oscar - but produced a good stop to deny ramires . 6.5 . hector bellerin - the youngster was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith . 7 . david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty when he clattered oscar . hector bellerin does well to clear the ball off the line to prevent oscar 's lob putting chelsea ahead . laurent koscielny - cruised through the first half owing to chelsea playing with no striker . had more to think about following 's drogba 's introduction . 7 . per mertesacker - patched up after sustaining an ankle injury last weekend . showed little sign of the problem in a strong performance . 7.5 . nacho monreal - steady game for the spaniard . looks to be edging ahead of kieran gibbs for position as no 1 left-back . booked . 6.5 . francis coquelin - had to walk a disciplinary tightrope after a first-half booking - but remained industrious as ever.7 . francis coquelin breaks up a chelsea attack but his holding role was made more difficult by a booking . santi cazorla - he 's had more influential days , but kept arsenal 's midfield ticking over . booked . 6.5 . aaron ramsey - utilised , once again , in an unfamiliar right-wing role . it did n't throw him off his stride too much . booked . 6.5 . mesut ozil - not quite £42.5million , but he 's getting there . heavily involved for the gunners but could n't find a breakthrough . 7 . alexis sanchez - fresh from his wembley double , the chilean was n't quite at his best against chelsea . 6.5 . olivier giroud - endured a titanic battle with terry . the frenchman put himself about against the champions-elect . 6.5 . olivier giroud shields the ball from a masked cesc fabregas , but the frenchman had little joy up front . subs : danny welbeck ( on for coquelin , 76 ) - injected pace into arsenal 's attack . 6.5 . theo walcott ( on for giroud , 84 ) - thrown on late as the gunners searched for victory . 6.5 . subs not used : szczesny , debuchy , gibbs , wilshere , flamini . manager : arsene wenger - his mourinho hoodoo continues - but the french manager can be happy with his side . 6 . chelsea . thibault courtois - made some routine saves but has had much more eye-catching afternoons . 6.5 . branislav ivanovic - solid and steady as ever from the blues right-back . excellent tussle with sanchez . booked . 7 . gary cahill - a mature display from the england central-defender . kept his cool in the heat of battle . 7.5 . john terry - played a crucial role in quelling giroud 's aerial threat . a typical all-action display from the chelsea skipper . 8 . john terry and gary cahill did well to prevent giroud from becoming a threat as chelsea kept things tight . cesar azpilicueta - been one of chelsea 's most consistent players this season . was so again at the emirates . 7.5 . nemanja matic - shielded his back-four with the expertise we 've come to expect . did n't put a foot wrong . 7 . cesc fabregas - booed on his return to emirates and booked for diving . was n't how he 'd dreamed it last night . 6 . ramires - missed a glorious chance to put chelsea ahead in the first half . defensive instincts were vital for chelsea . 6.5 . ramires carries the ball past arsenal left back nacho monreal in the top of the table clash . willian - a willing runner in attack and defence for the blues . showed some quality on ball , too . booked . 6.5 . eden hazard - he 's had more productive days , but his defensive discipline was important for the visitors . 6 . oscar - playing in an unfamiliar role as central striker , he should have won chelsea a penalty . did little much else . 6 . eden hazard was unusually quiet , with arsenal keeping a close eye on him , but still showed flashes of quality . subs : didier drogba ( on for oscar , 46 ) - so often arsenal 's tormentor . could replicate past heroics . 6 . kurt zouma ( on for fabregas , 90 ) - brought on to see out the final few minutes . 6 . juan cuadrado ( on for willian , 90 ) - came on for the final few seconds . 6 . manager : jose mourinho - starting with no striker said it all . came for a point - and got it . job done . 7 . referee : michael oliver - could easily have awarded three penalties on busy afternoon four the official . 6.5 . oscar had to be replaced at half time after a suspected concussion after his clash with ospina .