it is a superfood with numerous health benefits , but our enthusiasm for almond milk is causing a storm in the us . almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades . the state , which supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93billion ( £3.3bn ) almond market , is in its fourth year of drought . scroll down for videos . dry days : homes with swimming pools are seen in the palm springs area , california , as the state enters its fourth year of severe drought . this has also seen local residents attack the bottled water industry , after it was revealed that several companies have been ' taking advantage of poor government oversight to deplete mountain streams and watersheds , ' the guardian reports . a campaign singles out nestle as the main villain , after an investigation by a local newspaper found that the company has been sourcing water from some of the driest areas in the state using expired permits . an online petition demanding that the company seizes production of bottled water in california with immediate effect has garnered more than 150,000 signatures . despite the ongoing drought , almond growers , who require a gallon of water to produce a single nut , are still planting trees . the industry 's growth is being driven by the public 's clamour for a food with benefits for the heart , the bones and metabolism . still going : almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades . almonds are high in potassium , calcium , vitamin e and magnesium , and are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain . a gardener works on a golf course in la quinta , california , as residents campaign against the bottled drinks industry and almond growers in a bid to stop the drought . almonds are high in potassium , calcium , vitamin e and magnesium , and are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without leading to weight gain . unlike cows ' milk , almond milk – which is made from ground nuts and water – has no cholesterol or lactose , and being a plant food , it is often consumed by vegans , vegetarians , and others forgoing dairy . david cameron is said to be a fan , and sainsbury 's reported a 181 per cent sales increase in the milk last year . but in california , there is growing anger that while most people are facing water rations , the almond industry has been left to expand its orchards and guzzle all the water it wants . tom stokely , of the california water impact network , told the sunday telegraph : ' there has been a huge expansion of almonds . as we speak , there are yet more almond orchards being planted . in many cases the farmers are planting them in areas of low water supply so groundwater is being over-drafted . ' they 're doing it because there are such huge profits . now they 're asking the rest of us to give up our water so they can stay in business . ' unlike cows ' milk , almond milk – which is made from ground nuts and water – has no cholesterol or lactose , and being a plant food , it is often consumed by vegans , vegetarians , and others forgoing dairy . but the almond industry insists it needs the resources . brad gleason , a grower in fresno county , said : ' i 'm proud to be a farmer of almonds . we produce something real and healthy that contributes mightily to the economy of california . ' some of the old-timers still remember when this stretch of fresno county belonged to the horned toad , jack rabbit and tumbleweed . demonising us , and what we grow , is no way to meet the challenge . we 're not the bad guys . ' governor jerry brown also defended his decision to exempt agriculture from the water consumption cap , saying : ' agriculture is an important pillar of california . ' pineapple lovers are facing hefty hikes in the price of their favourite fruit , according to a report yesterday . pineapple prices have soared to their highest level for almost three years as a result of poor weather in costa rica , which has led to plummeting supplies . trade magazine the grocer said that while retail prices of many fruit and vegetable lines had fallen over recent months , the average price of a loose pineapple in the biggest uk supermarkets has risen to $ 2.41 ( £1.61 ) – up from $ 2.21 ( £1.48 ) in march . costa rica is the world 's biggest exporter of pineapples , accounting for 90 per cent of the global fresh supply , but recent cold and wet weather had hit this year 's harvest .