hillary clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the uk and the us - by aiming to become the leader of the free world just months before her 70th birthday . if the former u.s. secretary of state reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017 , then she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan , ever to open the doors to the white house . clinton certainly seems to be relishing the life experience that her advancing years have given her . age is nothing but a number : hillary clinton who has launched her campaign to be us president ( pictured above , speaking at the women in the world conference on april 23 ) will be 69 when she takes office if successful . celebrating her advancing years : a black-and-white photograph showing hillary as a toddler just after the end of the second world war has been posted on her twitter feed . a black-and-white image posted on her twitter account this weekend showed a very young clinton pointing at the camera , accompanied by the phrase ' hillary 's counting on you ' , echoing lord kitchener 's famous first world war slogan : ' your country needs you ' . it appears the presidential candidate is very much celebrating her age : the image itself would have been shot while clinton was a toddler just after the end of the second world war . elsewhere , clinton 's newfound grandmother status - her daughter chelsea gave birth to a daughter , charlotte , with husband marc mezvinsky in september last year - has seen her able to relate to a whole new section of the voting public . doting ... but could hillary 's recent status as a grandmother be a powerful tool in her bid to win votes ? last week , the politician , currently 67 , posted the hashtag # grandmothersknowbest to her twitter feed . the hashtag # grandmothersknowbest used on hillary 's twitter page has attracted other grandmothers to post their own posts using it . in a recent twitter posting promoting vaccines for children , clinton ended the appeal with the hashtag # grandmothersknowbest , which has since seen a stream of grannies from across the globe tweeting their own posts using the hashtag . clinton is by no means the only high-profile woman refusing to change gear as she gets older ; there are a raft of successful female figures continuing to put their foot on the gas and power their way into the last quarter of their lives . below , we 've outlined some of the world 's most influential women whose careers - in everything from fashion to politics - are still flying high after retirement age . anna wintour . age : 65 . the biggest name in the fashion industry , anna wintour has managed to fly high well into her seventh decade despite working in what is regularly deemed the most superficial of industries . although her vogue u.s. editorship has looked a little wobbly over the decades , as the names of new , younger faces have been mooted as possible replacements , wintour is still very much at the top of the fashion tree . the most powerful woman in fashion : vogue us editor anna wintour , pictured here between david beckham ( left with daughter harper ) and james corden ( right ) in la on april 16 remains ever influential . said to be the muse for hit film the devil wears prada , mother-of-two wintour can be assured of a front row seat at whichever catwalk show she chooses . celebrity fans include the beckhams , roger federer ( the feeling is very much mutual ) and kate moss . two years ago , she was named artistic director for the entire condé nast publishing empire . dame judi dench . age : 80 . long established as a national treasure , dame judi dench will turn 81 in december this year . with a gilded career that stretches six decades behind her , dench has been vocal about her dislike of the ageing process , saying to u.s. magazine people : 'there’s nothing good about being my age . ' she continued : ' someone said to me , `` you have such a wealth of knowledge , '' and i just said `` i’d rather be young and know nothing , actually . '' bugger the wealth of knowledge . ' despite failing sight which has left her unable to travel alone , the actress is showing no signs of retiring ; her latest film the second best exotic marigold hotel has just been released in america . life begins at 80 ? famous octogenarians judi dench ( left ) and baking star mary berry ( right ) have both seen their careers prosper in the twilight of their lives . mary berry . age : 80 . perhaps the key to the longevity of one of the country 's most famous bakers is her energy . slim , sharp and sprightly , mary berry has seen her career flourish through the generations with the bbc 's great british bake off programme taking her profile to new levels . born in 1935 , berry has seen every food trend come and go but continues to stay current ; with a knack for gently advising younger contestants on the show how best to improve their cakes without leaving them too dejected . her colourful wardrobe has been copied by women much younger than her 80 years and 181,000 people adore her on facebook . with spin-off shows planned including junior bake off and regular television and radio appearances , plus a new book , berry is busier than ever . diane von furstenberg . age : 68 . the belgian-born designer behind the iconic wrap dress currently has 85 shops worldwide and has held the position of president of the council of fashion designers of america ( cfda ) since 2006 . a supporter of hillary clinton 's 2016 campaign , von furstenberg has spoken about her own views on women in the workplace , saying : ' i never really felt the glass ceiling in fashion ; i always felt my being a woman as a strength and as a gift . ' the mother and grandmother continues to hold the united nations dvf awards , which celebrates the achievements of women and said in her 2014 memoir , the woman i wanted to be : ' i can not pretend that i am younger than i am , and truly i feel that i have lived so fully that i should be twice my age . ' fashion designer diane von furstenberg , 68 ( left ) , has been open about her age , saying ' i feel that i have lived so fully that i should be twice my age ' while miuccia prada , 65 , who owns the famous italian prada label , has spoken of her desire to get into politics ... miuccia prada . age : 65 . when you run a global fashion empire , you need n't worry about collecting your pension but miuccia prada 's career continues to accelerate . named the world 's 75th most powerful woman in 2014 by forbes , prada the brand is worth an estimated $ 11.1 billion and miuccia remains one of the highest-paid women in the industry . joining the family leather handbag business in 1978 , she quickly took control and oversaw the brand as it became a global fashion player in the late eighties . she has described the fast-paced fashion industry as like working ' on waves which break really quickly . ' although the italian designer has n't been officially involved in politics , it is a passion that she could yet develop . she said in 2011 : ' politics have always been a little of my passion . and now i [ could ] use my work as a tool to do things other than fashion . ' aung san suu kyi . age : 69 . nobel peace prize winner aung san suu kyi became famous the world over for her 21-year incarceration in burma . when her house arrest ended in november 2010 , she went on to stand for parliament in the country , winning a landslide victory . inspiring : hillary and former burmese political prisoner aung san suu kyi , 69 , have both been prolific in their respective political arenas and show no signs of slowing as they approach their eighth decade . in june 2013 , the former political prisoner announced that her political desires still burned strongly and that she wanted to run for the myanmar presidency in 2015 . without the approval of at least one military legislator , it is , however , likely to remain just an ambition . margaret chan . age : 67 . by the time dr margaret chan steps down from her role as director general of the world health organisation in 2017 , she will have served ten years in one of the most influential positions in health . originally from china , dr chan was appointed director of health of hong kong before being elevated to the top position for the who in 2006 . dr chan has had to manage responses to global panics such as sars , bird flu and ebola . forbes lists her as the 30th most powerful woman in the world . leading the way in the world of health : in the uk professor dame sally davies , 65 , ( left ) is the chief medical officer while ( right ) margaret chan , 67 , has been in charge of the world health organisation since 2006 . sally davies . age : 65 . birmingham-born professor dame sally davies is the uk 's chief medical officer and can be seen advising the government on everything from three-parent families to the ebola crisis and obesity . a haematologist by trade , she was charged with developing the national institute for health research in 2006 , with a £1billion budget . the secret to keeping on top of such a stressful job ? not reaching for the bottle . dame sally told the times in 2014 : ' even if it’s 7 or 8pm , i don’t go for the glass of alcohol , i go for a cup of tea and that solves my need for something to drink to unwind . ' nancy pelosi . age : 75 . currently the highest ranking female politician in u.s. history , democrat nancy pelosi served as the 60th speaker of the united states house of representatives from 2007 to 2011 . nancy pelosi , 75 , remains the highest ranking female politician in american history . the italian-american has just turned 75 and is the current minority leader of the house of representatives . her twitter profile , for which she has nearly 600,000 followers , describes her as : ' democratic leader , focused on strengthening america 's middle class and creating jobs ; mother , grandmother , dark chocolate connoisseur . ' pelosi posts daily on the social media site . dilma rousseff . age : 67 . the 36th president of brazil , dilma rousseff , knows very much how hillary clinton might be feeling at the start of her election campaign . rousseff is the south american country 's first female president . political big hitter dilma rousseff , 67 , became the first female president of brazil in 2010 . now in her second term , rousseff was originally elected in 2010 and re-elected in 2014 , narrowly beating her nearest rival aécio neves . the daughter of a bulgarian immigrant may have broken the glass ceiling that clinton has famously referred to but her popularity is n't assured ; a corruption scandal at petrobras , the state-run oil company , has seen activist groups calling for her to be impeached .                                 