a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane , spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women . close to 150 protesters gathered on saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company wicked campers , after the brand failed remove ' sexist ' paintings from their vans including the slogan , ' in every princess , there 's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once ' . the brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet , prompting the company 's ceo john webb to promise in july last year to remove the slogans within six months . over 120,000 people signed the petition to remove the offensive slogans in 2014 . members of the wicked pickets protest group have started painting over slogans which they say are offensive . wicked pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise , painting over slogans they have slammed as misogynistic and violent . ' we just want to make the point that sexist slogans like the ones on wicked campers might seem funny but actually contribute to sexual and physical violence against women , ' wicked picket 's spokesperson , liz upham , told daily mail australia . slogans found on the vans include , ' a wife : an attachment you screw on the bed to get the housework done ' , ' i would n't trust anything that bleeds for five days and does n't die ' , and ' your thighs wo n't touch if my head 's between them ' . the vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises , breasts with the slogan ' random breast testing ' , and sexualised images of men and women . wicked camper 's ceo john webb apologised for the offense the vans had caused many members of the community , and invited ' anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it ' . up to 150 women attended the rally in brisbane on saturday afternoon to protest the company 's slogans . the women have started arming themselves with spray paint and removing the slogans . the members of wicked pickets have taken this literally , arming themselves with spray cans and painting over wicked camper slogans as they find them . ' i guess it’s illegal but we continually quote the fact that webb invited us to paint the vans , which is our reasoning , along with trying to make a statement that these are not acceptable slogans , ' said ms upham . '30 women have died at the hands of male partners this year so far . it might seem like long bow to draw but when there are vans driving around saying that a wife is attachment to screw in the bedroom and suggesting it’s all right to kidnap a women , it is really making a subtle suggestion that women are only good for sex and getting housework done , ' she said . ' the fact that wicked campers are still driving around with slogans that encourage rape and violence does n't seem possible . i 'm appalled that there is no law to control this . ' ms upham , who attended the rally on saturday with her daughter , said that the slogans were extremely harmful for young people and female backpackers who were driving the vans . she said that the slogans were so offensive that emails she and the other organisers had been exchanging which contained the phrases had been continually blocked . ' it 's is outrageous that these slogans are so offensive that they can not be sent and can not be expressed without starring in word form in the media , and yet they are out in public for anyone to see , ' she said . some of the slogans include ' i can already imagine the gaffa tape on your mouth ' , and ' flash your t**s at the driver ' . this wicked campers van said ' random breast testing ' on the side . a vigilante spray painted over the offensive slogan after ceo john webb invited those angered to take action . wicked camper 's ceo john webb invited ' anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'- . she said that she had been forced to explain to her daughter some of the concepts of the slogans , which were very adult and inappropriate for her daughter 's age . ' female backpackers are really at risk as they pre-book the vans and then drive around with these slogans for men to read about them . i think it’s putting all women at risk both locally and those from overseas , ' she said . she said that she was afraid members of the community would see the activism as ' women being wowsers ' , but that if people looked closely at the slogans they were shocked . ' i want to make the point that we are completely supportive of fun slogans on vans that aren’t sexist , demeaning , offensive or violent , ' ms upham said . ' when people read the slogans on the vans they are horrified . ' mr webb said in his statement that the brand was a ' strong proponent of free speech and pushing the limits of humour – we are a ‘ cash for chaos’ kind of company . ' ' we are a small company , with eclectic , creative and multi-cultural staff . it is impossible for us to conceive that a throw-away message written on a van could have such far-reaching implications for the community at large , ' he said . the australian advertising standards board have upheld complaints but have not been able to demand the ads be removed . attorney-general jarrod bleijie said that a parliamentary inquiry had been set up ' to look into current regulation of outdoor advertising in queensland ' . ' bear in mind however , many of the images presented in the media of our vehicles are from up to 8 years ago , and the vehicles simply do not exist anymore . ' ms upham said that despite the claims that many of the offending vans were not circulating , members of wicked pickets had painted over vans , only to see them restored and on the roads at a later stage . ' one of our supporters painted over an offensive slogan and it was put back again , ' she said . ms upham said that the group 's next move would be to seek a meeting with queensland attorney-general yvette d'ath to begin the process of introducing a law to ban the slogans . while mr webb voluntarily announced his decision to remove the slogans , there is no law to enforce the removal , as the australian advertising standards board have upheld complaints but have not been able to demand the ads be removed . last year attorney-general jarrod bleijie said that a parliamentary inquiry had been set up ' to look into current regulation of outdoor advertising in queensland ' . it would look ' whether reform is needed to protect children from being exposed to sexually explicit and inappropriate outdoor advertising ' , mr bleijie told the sunshine coast daily .