young job seekers are filling in application forms using ' txt spk ' - text speak - instead of proper words , prompting one of britain 's biggest companies to hit out at falling standards . insurance giant admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work - because they failed to string a normal sentence together . forms saying : ' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ' btw am out of work atm ' are examples hitting their job chances . young job seekers fill forms with text speak such as ' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ' btw am out of work atm ' . the cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced their fears in evidence to the welsh assembly 's enterprise and business committee that many youngsters failed at the application form stage . an admiral spokesperson said : ' we do not ask for any formal qualifications , but we expect the spelling and grammar on the application form to be of a certain standard . ' a lot of it is like text-speak , there is no punctuation or upper case . so , that is the first impression that you get . ' the committee called on the experience of admiral , one of the uk 's biggest car insurance providers employing more than 5,000 people . its report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities . it also said youngsters are leaving school without english and maths skills - and that their inability to manage money led to many of them overestimating the costs involved in taking a job . william graham ( left ) , conservative welsh assembley member , said young people were facing a number of factors as they enter the workforce . cardiff-based car insurer admiral ( left ) employs over 5,000 people . monmouthshire youth service , which also offered its findings , said able students were leaving education with very little idea of how to construct a cv or how to deal with potential employers , walesonline reported . the committee’s final report concluded too many school and college leavers were confused about finding and then applying for appropriate jobs on offer . the drift from personal , face to face careers advice to online-based information was also a barrier for some young job seekers the welsh assembly committee noted . the report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities . the body also found after consulting with local councils , charities , employers and training providers that academic study was often misdirected given the employment opportunities on offer . in 2014 just 0.3 percent of school leavers in cardiff went on to vocational training as opposed to 87 percent going on to further education . where young people were leaving school without essential numeracy and literacy skills , this was leading to a lack of confidence after education , the committee found . william graham , conservative am for south wales east , said : ' there are a number of factors that young people face as they try to enter the workforce , such as a lack of confidence , lack of qualifications and lack of experience . ' the welsh national assembly ( pictured ) consulted with councils , charities and others to create the report .