it may have been the first time in 41 years that a jockey had won back-to-back grand nationals – but the most emotional man at aintree yesterday seemed to be mike tindall , whose horse monbeg dude was a fast-finishing third . the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips , bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider’s performance . after a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘ holy s*** , i’m lost for words and emotions . all i can say is yes the dude ! ! ! ! ! ’ scroll down for video . pay day : the former england rugby star tweeted ‘ holy s*** , i’m lost for words and emotions ' . what a dude : it 's tense , then zara and mike explode with emotion as monbeg dude finishes . after her husband mike tindall bought the horse , zara ( pictured ) , an experienced rider , called him an idiot . after he bought the horse zara called him an idiot , but she was there with him , cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner many clouds and second placed saint are in a thrilling finish . saint are ( 25/1 ) came second and monbeg dude ( 40/1 ) placed third . there were huge cheers from the crowd as the 39 horses who started the race set off at 4.15pm to tackle the 30 fences over two laps . several horses fell throughout the four mile , three-and-a-half furlong trek but it was many clouds ridden by irish jockey leighton aspell which came out on top . aspell was also successful last year on another 25-1 shot , pineau de re . zara walks to the parade ring following surprise win - monbeg dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began . zara phillips had coached monbeg dude herself to hard-won seventh place in last year 's grand national . monbeg dude ( pictured ) was given the all-clear to run in the grand national at aintree after a poor showing at the cheltenham festival . zara phillips and mike tindall share a tender moment . zara has developed a reputation for training . monbeg dude was given the all-clear to run in the grand national at aintree after a poor showing at the cheltenham festival . the gelding is also part owned by former england england international james simpson-daniel . zara , 33 , a long-time fan of racing and an olympic silver medal-winning eventer has developed a reputation for training point-to-point racers in her own right . she coached monbeg dude to a seventh place finish in last year 's grand national . the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips , bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner . ecstatic : the queen 's granddaughter zara phillips and husband mike tindall were among the happy faces .   