paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic was suspended four matches on thursday by the french league 's disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee last month . following psg 's 3-2 loss at bordeaux in the league on march 15 , the swede striker lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side . ibrahimovic , whose comments were caught on camera , insulted referee lionel jaffredo and one of his assistants , then used an expletive to describe france . paris saint-germain ace zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes . ibrahimovic has been banned for lambasting lionel jaffredo during his side 's defeat against bordeaux . ibrahimovic , who later said he was sorry after the french sports minister asked him to apologise , is available for saturday 's league cup final against bastia as his suspension only starts next week . he will miss league games against nice , lille , metz and nantes and should return for the last three matches of the season . although psg sporting director olivier letang argued that ibrahimovic should not be suspended because he did not address his comments directly to the referee , the disciplinary commission activated a suspended one-match ban imposed in january to add to the three games he received for the latest incident . ibrahimovic , who took his tally with psg to 102 goals in less than three years following his hat-trick in a 4-1 win over saint-etienne in the french cup midweek , will also miss the first leg of his club 's champions league quarter-finals against barcelona after he was sent off against chelsea in the previous round and therefore suspended for one match . ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals for psg since joining the ligue 1 outfit in july 2012 . ibrahimovic 's comments in bordeaux caused an outcry in france , with national front leader marine le pen suggesting that he should leave the country if he was not happy . the swede 's suspension is a tough blow to psg 's ambitions as laurent blanc 's team chases an unprecedented quadruple with a squad already missing several key players through injuries . ibrahimovic has been in tremendous form recently , completing two hat-tricks in three games and scoring 10 goals in his last six matches for club and country . the 33-year-old ibrahimovic has never been shy of controversy during his much-travelled career . he described the chelsea players as a bunch of ' babies ' after he was sent off for a late challenge on oscar in the first half of psg 's match at stamford bridge last month .