a british man bled to death on holiday in thailand after cutting himself on a mirror in a shop . iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend moments before his death . he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar . the incidents happened in hua hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of bangkok . tragic : iain mackay , 40 , ( pictured ) is understood to have got into a fight at the hua hin resort , 125 miles south of bangkok , after discovering the woman chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city . thai police said mr mackay , from stornoway , scotland , was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a shop near to the bar where he had spotted his girlfriend . onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the shop but they were unable to save him . he later died in hospital . officials said that no crime had been committed . however , friends of mr mackay claim that he had clashed with another man who had been talking to his girlfriend moments before his death , the press and journal newspaper reported . others said that mr mackay had posted links to his girlfriend’s facebook page before his death in which she was pictured with another man . one friend said : ‘ iain was obviously upset and referred to the woman who seemed to be his own girlfriend and a mystery man as lovers . ’ those close to mr mackay said he had been in a relationship with his girlfriend for several years . mr mackay , an underwater research specialist , is believed to have been employed by seismic research company polarcus , which is based in dubai . location : the resort where mr mackay died is in hua hin ( pictured ) - a coastal city 125 miles south of bangkok . sources at the company confirmed that mr mackay was on leave from his vessel and had told colleagues that he planned to spend his time off in thailand . thai officials said that mr mackay had died at 3pm on saturday but relatives claim that they were told of his death on friday . the foreign office also confirmed that mr mackay had died on friday . a spokesman said : ‘ we can confirm the death of a british national in hua hin , thailand , on april 3 . we are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time . ’ mr mackay’s death comes nine years after a british former public schoolboy was murdered after splitting with his thai wife at the hua hin resort . toby charnaud , 41 , was beaten to death with an iron bar and wooden staves by relatives of his ex-wife , pannada laoruang , in august 2006 . laoruang then helped them burn his body before chopping it up and scattering the remains . a thai court at the time heard how mr charnaud , who was educated at marlborough college , sold £2.5million latimer manor estate near chippenham , wiltshire , after falling in love with 35-year-old laoruang , whom he met in a bangkok bar while on holiday . last year british students hannah witheridge , 23 , and david miller , 24 , were murdered on a beach on the thai island of koh tao . two burmese men have been charged with their murder . arguement : mr mackay bled to death after getting into a furious row at a bar in hua hin city .