tennis golden girl eugenie bouchard took her own advice to ' relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open . the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells before claiming she needed to chill out - although she suffered another early loss in key biscayne , going out to tatjana maria in the second round . nonetheless , the rising star looked in good spirits as she posed for pictures with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings and had a hit with sports illustrated cover model hannah ward at a promotional event at the crandon park tennis center . eugenie bouchard ( left ) poses with sports illustrated model hannah davis in miami . davis smiles despite being given the run around on court by bouchard at the event in florida . the tennis golden girl also met up with fellow canadian and beach volleyball star kerri walsh jennings ( right ) . the girls were taking part in a promotional event running alongside the miami open in key biscayne . model davis shows good form as she joins bouchard for a knockabout on court . the canadian puts a smile on a pair of young sisters faces by signing autographs . bouchard , a wimbledon finalist last year , has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since reaching the quarter-finals of the australian open in january . meanwhile , world no 1 serena williams has no such problems as she heads into saturday 's final against spain's carla suarez navarro carrying an unbeaten 17-0 win record in 2015 . with a chasing pack including bouchard , maria sharapova and simone halep still struggling to challenge the veteran american , williams looks set to dominate the women 's tour despite approaching her 34th birthday . the world no 7 crashed out of the miami open to tatjana maria in the second round . serena williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year after reaching the final . the sports illustrated star later modeled a stunning blue and white dress during day 12 of the miami open .