a midwife has today accepted her mistakes ' contributed ' to the deaths of two babies at a scandal-hit maternity unit . marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges , choosing not to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the nursing and midwifery council ( nmc ) . she also declined to send a lawyer in her place . the panel has been told ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013 . former midwife marie ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges at a fitness to practise hearing in front of the nursing and midwifery council . she worked at the scandal-hit furness general hospital where joshua titcombe , pictured , died at just nine days old . they include the allegations that , in relation to two babies - one of whom died in february 2004 and another in september 2008 - ms ratcliffe 's conduct ' contributed to the death ' of , and/or caused the patient 's baby ' to lose a significant chance of survival ' . the allegations against ms ratcliffe also included claims she failed to adequately monitor patients , record key observations in patient notes or request assistance from doctors . amanda hamilton , representing the nmc , read out a letter written by ms ratcliffe which said that she will ' regret what happened for the rest of my life ' . ms ratcliffe told the panel she is no longer a midwife , and has no intentions of returning to the profession . in the letter read to the nmc panel , sitting in stratford , east london , ms ratcliffe said : ' i am a human being of good will and i accept that i have made mistakes and apologise to those affected by them . ' in the letter , ms ratcliffe said she felt ' it was important not to delay ' proceedings any further or efforts for people to look in to what happened by ' defending myself against these charges ' . she denied being part of any cover-up or collusion of what had happened or effort to ' conceal the truth ' . in march , an independent investigation into what happened at furness general hospital between 2004 and 2013 , found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother . marie ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care at university hospitals of morecambe bay foundation trust to appear before the nmc . in march , the independent inquiry into the failings at morecambe bay , led by bill kirkup , found failures at the trust led to the avoidable deaths of at least 11 babies and one mother . feuding medics , an obsession with natural childbirth , and a tight knit group of midwives who dubbed themselves ' the musketeers ' contributed to a ' distressing chain of events ' which led to avoidable harm to mothers and babies , at furness general hospital in barrow , cumbria . the independent investigation into serious incidents at the hospital between 2004 and 2013 uncovered a series of failures ' at every level ' - from the maternity unit to those responsible for regulating and monitoring the trust which runs the unit . the report slammed the clinical competence of staff , a ' them and us ' culture between midwives , obstetricians and paeditricians and an over-zealous pursuit of natural childbirth ' at all costs ' by a small group of dominant midwives . it found ' shocking ' substandard clinical competence , extremely poor working relationships between different staff groups and repeated failure to investigate adverse incidents properly and learn lessons . and the report suggests that when babies died , midwives conspired to cover up the failings . in total eight midwives who worked at the trust could face disciplinary action . the nmc said last year that four midwives should face hearings . meanwhile another four midwives are still the subject of further investigations . she noted that the system had been flawed but that she was governed by those procedures . she stated that ' in writing these words i seek no leniency ' adding ' i accept things i can not change . ' panel chairman gary leong said : ' by her letter ms ratcliffe is aware of the proceedings . ' she has voluntarily absented herself . she is very clear that she does not wish to defend herself against these charges . ' in light of that the panel considers that an adjournment would not change the circumstances . she does not wish to come . ' he said the hearing is a matter of public interest , and as such will continue today . the proceedings will hear from two of the women who were under the care of the former midwife when they lost their baby . the hearing was told about the first incident occurred in 2004 in relation to the mother referred to a patient a . ms hamilton , for the nmc , said another midwife present at the birth said the baby ' was placed by the side of patient a and appeared purple , blue and lifeless ' . the baby was taken to a specialist unit in liverpool women 's hospital where it died on february 26 , 2004 . the second death of a baby occurred in september 2008 . other allegations she faces in regards to the patient b 's baby include a failure to record or observe maternal blood pressure and that she failed to adequately monitor and/or ensure the foetal heart rate was normal . the misconduct hearing , which is expected to last a month , will hear from several witnesses including the two patients who lost their children . the hearing heard that ms ratcliffe qualified as a midwife in 1990 and in 1997 she was promoted to a band 7 midwife at furness general hospital , part of the university hospitals of morecambe bay nhs foundation trust , where she worked until january 2014 . the hearing continues .  