for the 0.01 per cent , booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us . instead of scrolling through holiday deals on bargain-finding websites , these ultra-wealthy individuals prefer to take off on a moment 's notice and sort out any over-the-top accommodations and activities upon arrival . to get a glimpse inside this elite - and rarely planned - world , mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner sarah haywood , who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen . scroll down for video . for the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . ' most of our clients have a private travel consultant , ' haywood explains to mailonline travel . ' there are several really upmarket agents where you pay a fee annually to have them take care of all your travel . ' haywood reveals that she often works with these agencies , where she estimates that membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000 . ' these are n't companies you 'll find online , ' she adds . ' the people that they 're working with do n't plan and they expect things to be catered to their whims . ' victoria hoffman , founder and ceo of the miami-based concierge & events by victoria , tells mailonline travel that some of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events , such as the cannes film festival , the academy awards or tickets to the white house correspondence dinner . victoria hoffman , who owns her on us-based concierge service , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the cannes film festival . specialist italian travel company , bellini travel , set up by emily fitzroy 15 years ago , is so exclusive that it only caters to a carefully selected list of 100 clients a year . ' as we look after a limited number of people each year , we can pull in huge favours , ' emily said . ' for example , we 're just in the middle of negotiating to close the uffizi for a client who only has 24 hours in florence , but wants to see botticelli 's birth of venus on his own . brown and hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today’s luxury travel business . their bespoke service , which charges a minimum of £1,000 simply to create an itinerary for potential clients , has an impressive portfolio of bespoke experiences they have orchestrated for guests . alexander martin , director of luxury lifestyle website the envy group agrees that for the super-rich , it 's not about what you give , so much as the amazing experience behind it . ' our clients - or ' friends ' as we call them - are very successful and generous people , and we help them create unique lifestyle experiences that goes far beyond booking a table at an amazing restaurant . ' we recently organised the world 's only tiffany-blue bentley for one of our friends , and created a 20ft tiffany-inspired remote-controlled hydraulic gift box complete to deliver it in . ' and if you 're heading to the luxurious five-star properties hoping to catch a glimpse of some of the world 's wealthiest individuals , do n't bother . haywood tells us the the ultra-elite do n't often check in to big hotels , much preferring somewhere private for their opulent getaways . ' this is above just a private island in the maldives , ' she tells us . ' people with this kind of money are n't looking at what 's fashionable , they 're looking for privacy and security . ' the world 's wealthiest like to stay low profile , so we 'll be looking at places where they can do that . ' hoffman agrees , explaining that more and more clients have been asking her recently to rent villas and help them to live like a local . instead of splashing out on a luxurious suite , the ultra-rich prefer to rent their own private maldivian island . haywood cites cote d'azur and the maldives as two locations favoured by her a-list clientele , while hoffman notes that she has planned extravagant vacation experiences everywhere from paris to italy . ' we once provided access to coco chanel 's apartment and private jewellery collection , ' hoffman tells mailonline travel . ' the entire experience was a day in the life of coco in which the clients dined and had afternoon tea in many of the places in paris she frequented . ' in other scenarios , we have given privileged access to the private estates of winemakers in bordeaux , burgundy and piedmont . ' in one case , my client wanted to relive the 18th century , so we had period costumes and horse-drawn carriages for the day . in another , we created a progressive feast in which each course was served at a different historic home in italy . ' travel around the world by private jet . hurlingham travel - price on application . checking in with the hoi palloi at overcrowded airports and squeezing into a tiny seat can be a tiresome experience at the best of times . if you 're a frequent traveller , treat yourself to a comfortable arm chair recliner aboard a vip boeing 757 , accompanied by a team of logistics experts and a doctor to tend to your every whim . watch the monaco grand prix from the comfort of a private luxury yacht . bon vivant - from £3,000 depending on the yacht position ( flights not included ) . the monaco grand prix is synonymous with style and glamour but why not up the ante even furhter and watch it on board your very own private yacht ? you 'll be treated to full hospitality during the qualifying rounds on saturday and race day on the sunday , including breakfast , lunch and canapés , as well as champagne all day . take part in a rickshaw race across india . quintessentially - from around £15,000 . driving in india can be a hair-raising experience , but driving a rickshaw must surely be up there with nail-biting rides ? quintessentially 's trip to take part in a rickshaw race will take in the sights , sounds , smell and traffic in this incredible country . just please fasten your seatbelt . visit every unesco world heritage site in one holiday . hurlingham travel - from £1million . if you 've ever wondered how many unesco world heritage sites there are , and how long it would take you to visit them all , the answer is 922 and roughly two years . at the time of going to press , the companies are in negotiations with a chinese phd student who is hoping to be whisked off on this incredible adventure once he completes his studies . hoffman tells mailonline travel that exclusive access to private wine estates in france is a common request . one of hoffman 's most impressive travel experiences included creating a ' day in the life ' of coco chanel for a client visiting paris . elite wedding and event planner , sarah haywood , explains that the ultra-wealthy prefer not to book in advance . haywood has also had very last minute requests that she has had to sort only hours before - and from many miles away . ' once , somebody was on a post-wedding shoot and they wanted a white horse at sunset , ' she remembers . ' finding a white horse at sunset , it is possible and it did happen , but for a few hours it was quite touch and go . ' and it turns out that white horses are actually grey , not white . ' haywood reveals that one traveller once asked her to find a white horse at sunset for a post-wedding shoot - only hours before they needed it ! in future , these one-of-a-kind holiday experiences will only become more popular . ' people want a customised vacation focused around an annual event or theme , ' hoffman says . but such an extravagantly-themed getaway will cost you - as much as $ 100,000 for a dinner , depending on who its with . ' pricing structure varies , ' hoffman adds . ' a vip experience to france or italy in which two people explore special access historic unesco sites not generally open to the public could have a starting range of $ 7,000 ( £4,540 ) , whereas dinner with a celebrity or athlete could have a starting cost of $ 100,000 ( about £65,000 ) . '