comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider . ' today , we move on . of course , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree , we could walk away , ' comcast ceo brian roberts said in a statement . on wednesday night , it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have bogged the deal down for months and may have killed it entirely . this followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox . scroll down for video . comcast ceo brian roberts declared , ' today we move on ' in announcing that the company was abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable . mega-merger : the $ 45.2billion deal would have merged comcast 's 30million customers with time warner cable 's 11million . the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . comcast , already the biggest cable and internet provider in the country , has 30million subscribers . time warner is the no . 2 cable company in the us and the fourth-largest broadband tv and internet provider . ' comcast nbcuniversal is a unique company with strong momentum . throughout this entire process , our employees have kept their eye on the ball and we have had fantastic operating results . i want to thank them and the employees of time warner cable for their tireless efforts , ' roberts said . the proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers across the nation . on wednesday night , the wall street journal revealed that fcc regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size tv and internet provider was in the public interest . staffers reportedly planned to recommend that an administrative law judge review the deal - a regulatory obstacle that is likely to cost both companies several months of hearings and many millions of dollars . the hearings were likely to draw the companies past the merger deadline , at the very least . columbia university professor and net neutrality activist tim wu tweeted : ' comcast merger is dead . ' cnn 's brian stelter reports that some inside the companies were talking about the deal in the past tense almost immediately after the fcc decision . ' this is one of those deals where the opponents of the merger have been one of the most vocal i can remember , ' said s & p capital iq tuna amobi . one concern , for example , is that the company could undermine the streaming video industry by requiring onerous payments from new online-only video providers for connecting to its network . dish , the satellite tv company behind the new web video service sling tv , and netflix are opposed to the deal . another charge is that comcast has n't stuck to conditions imposed on it when it bought nbcuniversal . the company says it has , except for one circumstance when the fcc found it was n't promoting a stand-alone internet service . comcast says it fixed that . pushback against the merger picked up in the last couple weeks .