google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users ' funds as they will now be federally-insured ( file photo ) . for those who use google wallet , their money just became safer with federal-level insurance . google confirmed to yahoo finance in a statement that its current policy changed - meaning the company will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service ( similar to paypal and venmo ) in multiple federally-insured banking institutions . this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their wallet balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $ 250,000 . currently , google 's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic . however , a google spokesperson told yahoo finance that the current policy has changed . the policy states that ' funds held by google payment corp. or its service providers ( including any bank service providers ) in connection with the processing of payment transactions are not deposit obligations of buyer , and are not insured for the benefit of buyer by the federal deposit insurance corporation or any other governmental agency ' , according to 9to5 . as a non-banking institution , google wallet , along with paypal and venmo , is not legally required to be federally insured . but with the new change to its policy , funds in wallet balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy . for example , for those who use mobile payment services where funds are not fdic insured , if a company files for bankruptcy , the user would become their creditor and would be required to go through bankruptcy court to get their money back . but for users with fdic insurance , they would receive their money from the government in a matter of days , according to yahoo finance . details on when google wallet 's user agreement will be updated were not provided . how google wallet works : google wallet , launched in 2011 , stores credit and debit card information , and lets shoppers pay for goods by tapping their phones against special terminals at store checkout counters . it works with any debit or credit card , on every mobile carrier . the service allows users to send money to anyone in the us with a gmail address , or request money on-the-go , directly from their bank account , debit card or wallet balance . users can spend received money through the service in stores or withdraw cash from atms with the google wallet card , as well as transfer the funds directly to their bank account . it comes with 24/7 fraud monitoring , and users can disable their wallet app or card from their google wallet account if they 're ever lost or stolen . source : google wallet . earlier this month , a federal judge rejected google inc 's request to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the technology company of invading the privacy of users of its google wallet electronic payment service by sharing their personal information with outside app developers . the judge said google must face claims it breached users ' contracts , violated the federal stored communications act which limits disclosure of electronic records , and violated a california consumer protection law . judge beth labson freeman in san jose , california said google wallet users may try to show that google ' frustrated ' the purpose of its own privacy policy by allowing ' blanket , universal disclosure ' of their personal information to app developers whenever they bought apps in google 's play store . the lead plaintiff is alice svenson , an illinois resident who said google sent unnecessary personal information about her to ycdroid when she paid that developer $ 1.77 for an email app . she said google raised the risk of identity theft by routinely sending information about google wallet users such as addresses and zip codes , phone numbers and email addresses to app developers . svenson said the mountain view , california-based company ceased the practice soon after the lawsuit was filed in september 2013 . her lawsuit seeks class-action status , damages of $ 1,000 per violation , punitive damages and other remedies .