nick scholfield is lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on april 11 . nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty’s spring heeled in the crabbie’s grand national at aintree on saturday week . scholfield had been expected to partner paul nicholls-trained sam winner , who was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup , in the £1million race . but the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie scholfield down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered . scholfield , who has ridden in six nationals and finished third in 2013 on teaforthree , will travel to ireland to sit on spring heeled at culloty’s county cork stable on friday . nicholls said : ‘ i have not made up my mind if i am going to run sam winner yet and nick needed a decision . ‘ i did not want to get into a situation next week when i had to say `` sorry mate , he is not running '' and did not want to stop him getting a good ride . ‘ i have not pressed any buttons on any of the horses who ran at cheltenham . that will happen over the weekend and early next week . i don’t want to run unless i am really happy . ‘ i have plenty of other lads who could ride sam winner if he runs and would not be afraid to use will biddick or harry skelton . ’ spring heeled ( right ) wins the fulke walwyn kim muir challenge cup at cheltenham last year . spring heeled , winner of fulke walwyn kim muir challenge cup at last season’s cheltenham festival , has been given a national preparation . the eight-year-old has run only once since finishing fourth to road to riches in the galway plate in july when he was fourth of five in the bobbyjo chase at fairyhouse in february . racemail revealed on wednesday that culloty would have two runners in the national . robbie mcnamara will ride his 2014 gold cup winner lord windermere . scholfield rides teaforthree ( front ) as the horse jumps the last fence at aintree in the 2013 grand national . mcnamara said : ‘ it 's a great ride to get and i 'm looking forward to it . i 've ridden him before in a grade one in leopardstown and i was supposed to ride him in the hennessy there as well , but i broke my collarbone the day before . i 'm delighted to get back on him . ’ with nigel twiston-davies-trained double ross another confirmed non runner , david pipe’s well supported soll appears guaranteed a run at the bottom of the weights . luke morris became the first jockey to ride 100 winners during an all weather flat racing season when a double at chelmsford on wednesday aboard giantouch and middle east pearl carried him to 101 successes for the campaign .