lucky fans in the french city of saint-etienne were given a treat on monday night as brazilian ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty . footballing legends ronaldo and zidane were joined by a host of former greats including clarence seedorf , fabian barthez , jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta to name a few . brazilian ace ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with american side fort lauderdale in recent times and the 38-year-old showed he still has what it takes with a hat trick . former french international zinedine zidane shows he 's still got it as he vies for the ball with torpe svarme . brazilian legend ronaldo takes a touch as he looks to set up an attack in the match against poverty . two of football 's biggest legends meet as ronaldo and zidane share a high five at geoffroy guichard stadium . the former inter milan and real madrid frontman celebrates after finding the back of the net . former nigerian international jay-jay okocha curls an effort into the net during the match against poverty . former madrid and france ace zidane looks to take on bjorn kvarne during the match against poverty . like many charity friendly matches defending was at a premium , but goals were certainly not as the match at the geoffroy-guichard stadium reached double figures . one of the goals of the game came from the super cool seedorf who earned his name on the score sheet with a sublime chip . former french international david trezeguet also played and scored in the match , but it was pierre-emerick aubameyang who shone the brightest as he grabbed a hat-trick during his side’s 9-7 defeat . ronaldo and zidane share a joke with former liverpool ace vladimir smicer watching on . former ac milan star clarence seedorf in action during the clash at the stade geoffroy-guichard on tuesday . david trezeguet got himself among the goals as he fired in an effort in the south of france . david trezeguet is congratulated by karel poborsky ( right ) after scoring the opening goal . teams line up prior to the uefa match against poverty at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne .