a homeless convicted sex-offender screamed , ' i 'm going to rape you ! ' before attacking a woman in a manhattan bar , according to a criminal complaint . rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . nbc reports he was arrested on wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment . stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . when the 23-year-old victim had entered the turnmill bar bathroom at about 7.50pm on saturday , her attacker , thought to be stover , was hiding in another stall . scroll down for video . today in court : rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . rape charges : rodney stover , 48 , pictured today , allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . in custody : rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday ( pictured today ) for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . a bartender recognized stover , who was staying bellevue homeless shelter , from media reports when he was walking in the gramercy park area on wednesday and called the police , sources told the new york post . nypd had released surveillance footage of stover walking down the street on tuesday . the victim had been drinking at the pub in gramercy park with her boyfriend and a female friend whose birthday the trio were celebrating when she excused herself to go to the basement bathroom after drinking two beers , sources said . stover was allegedly hiding in the stall next to her while she was using the toilet . when she opened her stall to exit he was standing in front of the door , according to sources . the ex-convict reportedly grabbed the woman by the neck and said , ' i 'm going to rape you . be quiet , ' and groped and licked her body , sources said . alleged rapist : rodney stover , 48 , allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . nypd released surveillance footage of stover walking down the street , and a bartender saw him walking in gramercy park and recognized him from the video , so he alerted police . police say that stover hid inside one of the bathroom stalls at turnmill bar he allegedly choked and sexually assaulted a young woman as she was trying to leave the restroom . turnmill 's bathroom is in the basement , which is distanced from the busy main floor of the gramercy park sports bar . he ripped off the woman 's pants and began raping her , but fled after he realized he could n't sustain an erection , sources said . the victim ran out of the bathroom and told her boyfriend what happened . he then reported the attack . stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger after overpowering and threatening her with a sharp object . he was released in july 2012 . he served an addition two-and-a-half years for another crime and was released on valentine 's day this year . stover is listed on the new york state sex offender registry as a violent offender .