the family of a teenager who should have died after overdosing on a mix of heroin and xanax has shared images of him in hospital in a bid to deter others from taking drugs . brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's house in st charles county , missouri in early march . his lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother , kelly smith-miller , wrote on facebook . she also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body . overdose : brayden travis , 18 , suffered a stroke and severe brain damage after overdosing on heroin and xanax last month . his mother shared this photo of him to facebook to deter others from taking drugs . ' if my son 's story and picture can save one life or contribute to the education and awareness of drug abuse , then he and i are very happy ! ' she wrote in her post . ' he would n't want this for anyone else and he would tell anyone not to use drugs … ever ! i can tell you he tried to fight this addiction and i pray this time it has n't won ! ' the post has been shared more than 337,000 times . brayden is now breathing on his own and wakes up and opens and closes his eyes , although his reactions are inconsistent , the st louis post-dispatch reported . ' medical personnel believe my son should have been dead long before he was able to get the medical attention he needed , but for some unknown reason he has stabilized , ' she wrote . addiction : his mother explained that brayden , left before the overdose , has struggled with drug addiction since he was 15 . he is now conscious in hospital , seen right , and is breathing on his own . ' he is making progress , but we have a long road to travel . even though the outcome is not expected to be positive , as a mother i will not give up until i have exhausted all options and know that i 've done everything i can . ' brayden had long been battling with addiction , she said . he first started smoking marijuana when he was 15 and eventually moved on to heroin . he enrolled in five or six treatment programs and left three of them , she told the post-dispatch . he spent eight months in juvenile custody for using drugs and failing drug tests , she added . as he struggled with addiction , he moved between his grandmother 's home and his mother 's home , and at the time of his overdose , he was living with his father in st charles county . by his side : mother kelly smith-miller , pictured with her son left , and his father , todd travis , right , said they hope he will pull though so he can ' come home and have a life that will be worth living ' . ' he was living with me doing well , then i go in his room every morning to check on him and he is gone , ' his dad , todd travis , wrote on his own facebook page . ' he is my only child , my mini me , and my life ! please everyone pray for brayden to someday have his body and and his brain healed so he can come home and have a life that will be worth living . ' speaking to the post-dispatch , travis , who tried to set a good example for his son by working out and eating well , added : ' you go over what you could have done better . ' but he is still hopeful that his son will recover , and shared his joy on facebook that his son has been laughing in hospital . ' i 'm looking into his eyes , man - and he 's looking at me , ' he said .