a 30-stone texan woman has used her eight-foot belly to entice men from around the world , including latest hubby , lance . gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years . but the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model . scroll down for video . 30 stone gayla neufeld met her truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum . she said : ' growing up i used to be ashamed of my belly but now i have a great following of men who really like it . ' there have been men from all over the world . i have had doctors , lawyers and even bodybuilders , lots of bodybuilders , approach me , which really amazed me . ' they tell me it 's the perfect belly . they say it 's not marred or scarred and that they love the shape of it because it is a single belly . some larger women they have a double-layer or a two-tier belly but mine is a single . that is really attractive to a lot of men . ' the 52-year-old says men love her ' perfect belly ' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors . thirty stone gayla was n't always so body-confident and for years she struggled to deal with her family 's unusual genetic legacy . ' women in my family have always gained weight around the belly , especially after having children , ' said gayla , whose favourite foods are homemade cookies and ice-cream . ' my mum was fat and my favourite sister was fat , as were my grandparents , my grandmother and my great-grandmother . gayla inherited her big belly from her family . ' my mum was fat and my favourite sister was fat , as were my grandparents , my grandmother and my great-grandmother , ' she said . aged eight , gayla already weighted 13 stone . she used to get bullied at school and felt ashamed of her weight . ' growing up , kids at school would point and laugh at me and say `` boom , boom , boom '' with every step i took . i was really ashamed to be fat . ' aged eight , gayla already weighed a whopping 13st and continued to pile on even more weight in her teens . one doctor even prescribed her amphetamines to curb her sweet tooth , but it failed and made her even more depressed . her burgeoning curves made her popular with boys at high school , though , and gayla had many admirers - but she was too embarrassed at the thought of being naked . despite her body issues she eventually married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge . gayla 's curves attracted boys when she was a teenager , and she married at the age of 19 . however , her husband was embarassed by her size as she continued to pile on the pounds , and they divorced . but instead of maintaining any weight loss , she found herself hovering between 21 and 28 stone . her wavering confidence was further diminished when her husband said he was embarrassed by her weight and they divorced in 1999 . it was at rock-bottom that gayla discovered an online community of obese women calling themselves ssbbws - meaning 'super-sized big beautiful women ' . these curvaceous women - some in excess of 40 stone - were worshipped by legions of men calling themselves ' fat admirers ' . an online community for fat women helped gayla to embrace her size as she was worshiped by ' fat admirers ' . curious to know more , gayla joined a forum called bulge chat and soon found herself overwhelmed with lusty fans . she said : ' i realised i was desirable , i was sexy , i was beautiful and i became confident in who i was . ' i had always thought the men who liked bbws would be geeks in their mum 's basement , but i was totally wrong . ' despite having her pick it was rugged truck driver lance neufield , 54 , who really caught her attention . ' i realised i was desirable , i was sexy , i was beautiful and i became confident in who i was , ' said gayla . after meeting on bulge chat they enjoyed two 15-minute conversations and struck up an instant rapport . lance told her he was driving to texas with work the following week and they agreed to meet at a truck stop and have dinner . gayla agreed despite vowing never to fall for anyone again - and she found herself swept off her feet by the canadian . she said : ' when he pulled up and i saw him i was like , ' oh my god , he is so cute ' . ' he got in the car and he said to me , ' your pictures online do you no justice ' . i was like , ' aww , that 's so sweet ' and i just blushed . when lance and gayla first met , they stayed up all night talking and smooching on the sofa . ' years later i found out that his computer did n't produce very good pictures , but it 's okay , it still made me feel good at the time . ' we had our first dinner and got a bottle of champagne afterwards and rented the general 's daughter and the thomas crown affair . ' we did n't get through any of those movies because we stayed up all night talking and smooching on the couch like a couple of kids . ' i was sad when he had to go . ' they embarked on a long-distance relationship before gayla agreed to move to manitoba , canada , to be with lance - and they married six years later . gayla moved from texas to canada to be with lance , and they married six years later . despite her size , they claim to enjoy an ' active and satisfying sex life ' , though gayla 's weight causes other day-to-day obstacles . she struggles to shop for clothes that fit around her 96-inch belly and must use a motorised cart if required to walk long distances . getting into a car is also an ordeal and she must book two seats on an aeroplane when flying . she has a range of health issues including arthritis and thyroid problems , but remains upbeat about the future . gayla struggles to walk long distances and has to book two seats on an aeroplane when flying . she said : ' as far as the health aspects go , i do n't really worry about them . my mother is still alive and she is 82 . ' i have had doctors tell me more then once that i needed to lose weight for health reasons but i truly believe that when it is your time to go , it is your time to go . ' lance , who has three children from a previous relationship , has always been attracted to gayla 's supersize paunch but would n't stand in her way if she attempted to lose weight . gayla 's favourite foods are cookies and ice-cream . she says she does n't worry about health problems . he said : ' this woman is the love of my life . i would 100 % support her if she decided to lose weight . ' the first thing that attracted me to her was that she had the most beautiful face i had ever seen . ' the belly was just the bonus on top of all her other beauty . ' it does n't matter to me whether it is bigger or smaller because it 's not really her belly i love - i love her . ' ' the belly was just the bonus on top of all her other beauty , ' says gayla 's latest husband , lance . with lance 's continuing support gayla is planning to continue her modelling career and win over even more fans . she said : ' i allowed the world to dictate to me what i was supposed to look like and who i was supposed to be . by taking a body-positive image i have empowered myself to be who i am and to enjoy my life . ' i 'm not going to tell you that i never have bad days and i am not going to tell you that i do n't wish i was thin from time to time , but mostly i just enjoy being me . ' you 've got to love who you are . ' 