former kayak world champion and two-time olympic medalist nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at byron bay blues festival . the 39-year-old , who was already facing serious drug charges , was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on easter friday . newscorp reported the powder was found on a phone owned by mr baggaley . nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting an officer that found him in a toilet cubicle with white powder . the kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . mr baggaley was apprehended when he reported for bail earlier this week at tweed heads police station . he was taken into custody and charged with assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody . mr baggaley 's barrister , nikolaos siafakas , disputed that his client assaulted an officer , also calling into question the circumstances surrounding the incident on good friday . denied bail : mr baggaley was charged with assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody . the olympian will remain in custody after his bail application was rejected by byron bay local court on thursday afternoon . mr baggaley has pleaded not guilty to the bluesfest offence and his case will be heard at tweed heads local court on may 7 . the fallen athlete was already on strict bail conditions , including a 9pm curfew , while he was awaiting sentencing for two serious drug manufacturing charges . the fallen athlete has pleaded guilty to drug manufacturing linked with a tweed heads drug ring . earlier this week , charges were also laid for a separate instance where mr baggaley allegedly supplied 10 buprenophine patches , an opiate based pain medication , to a prisoner inside the mid north coast correctional centre . in february the disgraced athlete pleaded guilty to manufacturing a border-controlled drug and manufacturing a marketable quantity of methamphetamine that was linked to a tweed heads drug ring . the australian federal police allege the ring had established two secret drug labs located in the tweed heads and on the gold coast . the drug supply charge will be heard at lismore local court on june 2 . mr baggaley was also charged with supplying a prohibited substance to a prisoner at the mid north coast correctional centre .