when zayn malik announced he was leaving one direction last week it was amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career . and the speculation has not abated since a producer known as naughty boy - real name shahid khan - posted a clip ( which has now been removed ) , of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old 's first single . indeed , the track , entitled i wo n't mind , sent both one direction fans and one of zayn 's former band mates into turmoil . scroll down for video . naughty boy has been working on zayn malik 's solo music , he posted a clip of a track entitled i wo n't mind , but has since taken it down . especially as the big reveal came after naughty boy , 30 , from watford , retweeted a fan video entitled , ' naughty boy saved zaughty ' - an amalgamation of zayn and naughty boy 's names - which said ' zaughty will rise ' . while it sounds cryptic , the video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two and angered directioners who are still disappointed at zayn 's departure from the group . it also enraged zayn 's former bandmate louis tomlinson . louis tweeted at the producer : ' wow @ naughtyboymusic you 're so inconsiderate pal , seriously how f****** old are you ? grow up ! # masterofallwisdom ' . naughty boy believed that louis was angered by an earlier tweet as he replied : ‘ @ louis_tomlinson calm down . was talkin bout louis walsh cuz he did n't let someone through on x factor . look @ the date of the tweet . # 2014 . ’ naughty boy was pictured with simon cowell , the boss of zayn 's record label syco , earlier this year at the british asian trust dinner . he then wrote : ‘ when ur gettin hate for some thing u did n't do , a bit of love can go a long way , that 's why i retweeted , time will tell the real story guys . ' louis was quick to point out exactly why he was angered as he responded : ‘ @ naughtyboymusic i was talking about the video you tweeted . clearly trying to wind the fans up ! well you succeeded anyway . fair play . ' onlookers can only speculate that naughty boy 's reference to something he ' did n't do ' is linked to the fact that he is being blamed for zayn leaving the band . when he teased the single off what is thought to be zayn 's forthcoming solo album due out in 2016 on syco , he said : ' let the music do the talking guys . thank us later , ' along with a soundcloud link to i wo n't mind . naughty boy is well connected in the music industry , pictured here at an event in 2014 with jools holland ( left ) and elton john ( center ) . naughty boy attends the ivor novello awards in 2014 with emeli sande who he has previously worked with . ' there is nothing but love for what was left behind . that 's why we do n't mind # 2016 # zaughty # zindabad , ' he added . the flurry of outrage , accusations and upset all follow an upsetting week for one direction 's devoted fans after zayn initially bowed out of the band 's tour and then left the group . he confirmed his exit in a statement which read : ' my life with one direction has been more than i could ever have imagined . ' but , after five years , i feel like it is now the right time for me to leave the band . i 'd like to apologise to the fans if i 've let anyone down , but i have to do what feels right . ' whether zayn will be naughty boy 's newest collaborator remains to be seen , but he certainly wo n't be the biggest name he 's worked with . so far he 's worked with cheryl cole , rihanna , tinie tempah , emeli sande and leona lewis and he even helped to produce labrinth 's hit song beneath your beautiful . naughty boy chats to prince charles , his career was started thanks to a grant from the prince 's trust . he also wrote a song for one direction in 2014 with the help of emeli and zayn himself . at the time shahid explained the collaboration telling the mirror : ' we [ he and zayn ] met at the brits , we both have a pakistani background and we just got on straight away . ' in this business it 's hard to make new friends , but we spend a lot of time together just chilling out , making music . ' in 2013 he achieved musical success in his own right with la la la - a collaboration with sam smith - which became the year 's fastest selling single . the track won both best song and best video at the mobo awards that year . but the producer came from humble beginnings and he started naughty boy records while working for dominos pizza . prior to this he had studied business and marketing at london guildhall university but left the course after only one term . naughty boy was able to buy his recording equipment after going on deal or no deal and winning £44,000 . it was ten years ago in 2005 when naughty boy was 20 that he took part on the reality gameshow . indeed , it was n't until 2005 when he began to be able to build the business , thanks to a £5,000 grant from the the prince 's trust . and naughty boy proved to be a lucky boy when , in the same year , he took part on the hit channel 4 show deal or no deal and won £44,000 which allowed him to buy all of his studio equipment . however , despite having collaborated with big artists , it 's his work with zayn that may well turn out to be the most controversial . especially given the circumstances in which the 22-year-old left one direction . in a statement released last week zayn revealed that he wanted out of the band so that he could live ' a normal life , ' with many speculating that he could n't handle the level of fame the boy had achieved . whilst he may not be instantly recognisable naughty boy is very well connected , here his is pictured with emeli sande ( left ) and jemima khan ( right ) . however , it was just a couple of days before the singer was pictured in a london studio with naughty boy , leading to speculation that the pair had already begun work on his solo album . the release of i wo n't mind may also put a spanner in the works for both zayn and one direction as far as their previous work commitments are concerned . it has been reported that in 2013 the boys signed a deal to make two more albums and a greatest hits compilation , however , by leaving the band zayn may well have forfeited this deal . but it does n't look as if zayn 's boss syco head honcho simon cowell , is too unhappy about the situation . it 's already been confirmed that when the bradford born singer does release his own music it will be on the syco label . and naughty boy has previously revealed his closeness to the music mogul , not only being pictured with him at events , but mentioning in a previous interview that the pair are in text contact .