billionaire paul allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world 's biggest plane . the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ' vulcan aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft ( 117 metres ) . paul allen , the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ' vulcan aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft ( 117 metres ) . the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth . this will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite . initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs ( 6,124 kg ) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles ( 180 km and 2000 km ) above earth . allen 's vision is to create a giant air pad in the sky , allowing payloads to reach space faster and at a lower cost than existing technologies . the stratolaunch carrier aircraft will be powered by six 747-class engines , is currently being assembled at mojave , california . initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs ( 6,124 kg ) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles ( 180 km and 2000 km ) above earth . the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth . the company will ' shift how the world conceptualises space travel through cost reduction and on‐demand access , ' according to vulcan aerospace president chuck beames who made a presentation in colorado springs this week . the stratolaunch systems project was inspired by spaceshipone which won the $ 10 million ansari x prize in 2004 for becoming the first privately funded manned vehicle to reach space . ' stratolaunch 's ability to launch from variable locations will enable satellites and humans to be efficiently inserted into their most optimal orbit at a time of the customer 's choosing , ' beames wrote . the stratolaunch carrier aircraft 's 385 feet ( 117 metres ) wingspan compares to 320 feet for h-4 hercules and 225 feet for boeing 747-8 . earlier this year , the world received its first glimpse of a gigantic airplane that will serve as an airborne launch pad for putting satellites - and eventually people - into orbit . picture is its twin fuselage sections . ' launching far away from populated areas ( i.e . middle of the ocean ) also significantly reduces public safety risk . the stratolaunch carrier plane is on track to make its first test flight in 2016 , according to space.com . the rocket is being developed by orbital atk , and the designs uses solid-fuel lower stages and an upper stage powered by rl-10 engines . but according to spacenews , beames indicated that the company is also looking at other launch vehicle options . wingspan : 385 feet ( 117 metres ) . engines : six 747-class engines . fuselage length : 238 feet ( 72 metres ) . weight : 1,200,000 lb ( 544,311 kg ) . maximum speed : 460 knots , 530 mph ( 850 km/h ) maiden launch : flight testing will begin in 2016 . the first launch of the space launch vehicle is likely to take place in 2018 . satellite delivery : initially , the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs ( 6,124 kg ) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles ( 180 km and 2000 km ) above earth . launch sites : several sites are under consideration , including kennedy space center , wallops island and vandenberg afb . an animation of the moment the stratolaunch carrier aircraft delivers a rocket high into earth 's atmosphere before it goes into orbit . each of the twin fuselages of the the stratolaunch carrier aircraft is 238 feet long and , when complete , will be supported by 12 main landing gear wheels and two nose gear wheels . ' what we really want to do is focus on a lower-cost propulsion system that is evolvable in some fashion , ' he said . ' we 're still looking at orbital as a potential option , ' he said . ' we 're widening our aperture to see if this is the right path forward . ' stratolaunch could someday support several launch vehicles , he said . as a result , stratolaunch said it is temporarily halting work on a crewed vehicle that would launch on the orbital atk booster . that company added that it is deferring work on a crewed vehicle that would launch on the orbital atk booster to focus more heavily on getting the stratolaunch carrier aircraft off the ground . in february . the world received its first glimpse of a gigantic airplane . its 385 feet ( 117 metres ) wingspan compares to 320 feet for the hughes h-4 hercules and 225 feet for the boeing 747-8 . pictured is one of its twin fuslage sections . rare stills taken from footage shot for a recent news story by kget 17 , a bakersfield tv station , show its huge size , according to a report by guy norris in aviation week . hours after unveiling its next-generation ' vulcan ' rocket this week , united launch alliance ( ula ) , ran into its first problem - the rocket 's name . ' vulcan is a trademark of vulcan inc. and we have informed ula of our trademark rights , ' chuck beames , president of the paul allen-backed vulcan aerospace , told reuters . ' paul allen and vulcan were early leaders within space exploration with the launch of spaceshipone more than a decade ago . we are flattered by ula 's tribute to our legacy by naming their new rocket ' vulcan ' , ' beames said . ula , a joint venture of lockheed martin and boeing co , selected vulcan as the name of its new booster , which will be developed in phases beginning in 2019 , after it won more than 1 million votes in a crowdsourcing initiative . ' we have done our due diligence regarding the legal right to use the name vulcan , ' ula spokeswoman jessica rye wrote in an email . ' ula is committed to taking every reasonable step to avoid any confusion with other entities using this name and we are confident we can do so , ' she said . the images show one of the two twin fuselage sections under assembly . in the news report , scaled composites president kevin mickey says the company has so far built ' roughly 200,000lbs of composite structure ' for the vehicle . instead of a satellite , the stratolaunch airplane could launch a dream chaser spaceship , which would be outfitted with an as-yet-unspecified upper-stage rocket motor . ' dream chaser seemed to be the logical way to go , ' stratolaunch executive director charles beames said in october . the stratolaunch carrier aircraft 's 385 feet ( 117 metres ) wingspan compares to 320 feet for the hughes h-4 hercules and 225 feet for the boeing 747-8 . each of the twin fuselages of the stratolaunch carrier aircraft is 238 feet long and , when complete , will be supported by 12 main landing gear wheels and two nose gear wheels . stratolaunch has produced computer-generated images and videos of the aircraft , but the tv footage was the first time images of the real vehicle have been shown . allen has previously said his project would ' keep america at the forefront of space exploration and give a new generation of children something to dream about ' . several companies are competing to develop spacecraft to deliver cargo and astronauts to the international space station . the microsoft billionaire criticised the fact that government-sponsored space programmes are waning . nasa is paying boeing and spacex to build the capsules and fly them from cape canaveral , which has n't seen a manned launch since the shuttles retired in 2011 . in the news report , scaled composites president kevin mickey says the company has so far built ' roughly 200,000lbs of composite structure ' for the vehicle . rare stills taken from footage shot for a recent news story by kget 17 , a bakersfield tv station , show its huge size . stratolaunch has produced computer-generated images and videos of the stratolaunch carrier aircraft , but the tv footage is the first time images of the real vehicle have been shown .