is this the world’s safest bike ? its designers certainly think so . boasting front and rear lights , rear view mirrors and even a car horn , the team behind the electric babel bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety . and perhaps most noticeable of all is the roll cage that surrounds the cyclist - keeping them safe against trucks and buses turning into them . scroll down for video . london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . crispin sinclair ( shown with the bike ) is seeking £50,000 of funding on site indiegogo . the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor . the babel bike was designed by london-based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair , whose 1985 sinclair c5 bike turned out to be somewhat of a flop . crispin will be hoping a similar fate does not befall his invention though - and hopes the array of safety features will appeal to safety-conscious cyclists . he is seeking £50,000 ( $ 74,000 ) of funding on indiegogo to bring his dream to fruition . the price might be a bit much for some , with the non-electric version retailing for £2,499 ( $ 3,693 ) , and the full electric version £3,499 ( $ 5,170 ) . both are £500 ( $ 740 ) less if bought through indiegogo . may 2016 is the estimated delivery date for the bike at the moment . the bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back , with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards . it doesn’t rely on pedal power alone , but rather has an electric motor inside that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the us and 15.5mph in the eu . ‘ in both the us and the eu you can still pedal faster but in both jurisdictions the motor can’t assist at higher speeds ( by law ) , ’ the team notes on their indiegogo page . the bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back , with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards . there is a holder for a smartphone on the front so you can keep track of vital stats . the controls for the shimano 250-watt electric assist motor are located on the handlebars , and provide up to 50 per cent assistance . the battery has a range of 50 to 80 miles ( 80 to 130km ) . the bike is recharged by either removing the battery and recharging it at home , or with an optional electric-car-charging lead . at the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors , which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock . the babel bike was designed by london-based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair , whose 1985 sinclair c5 bike ( pictured with clive in it ) turned out to be somewhat of a flop . at the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors , pictured here , which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock . the bike doesn’t rely on pedal power alone , but rather has an electric motor inside that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the us and 15.5mph in the eu . ‘ in both the us and the eu you can still pedal faster but in both jurisdictions the motor can’t assist at higher speeds ( by law ) , ’ the team notes on their indiegogo page . but crispin notes in a video that even all these safety features ‘won’t help in a collision with a turning bus or truck at a junction - by far the single biggest cause of cycling fatalities . ’ transport for london says that 65 per cent of all bike fatalities in london are caused by trucks and buses cutting across cyclists . so the team designed a roll cage for the bike , which prevents it getting trapped under a vehicle . if a truck or bus comes into contact with the bike , it will hit the roll cage first and ensure the cyclist is pushed to relative safety – or at least , that’s the plan . the side of the seat – also detachable – has foam pads to cushion against side impacts , while the shape has apparently being designed with aerodynamics in mind by former red bull f1 engineers . ‘ our dream is to put a million more cyclists on our roads , and therefore take a million cars off them , and to do that we need to give cyclists their safety back , ’ said crispin . whether the bike will prove to be more of a success than his father’s invention remains to be seen , though .