carl frampton has been offered a huge £1.5million payday to face scott quigg in one of the biggest all-british fights in recent memory . talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill , but quigg’s promoter , eddie hearn , attempted to jolt frampton’s camp into a july 18 fight in manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the northern irishman’s career to date . the proposal was made live on television , with frampton’s team , led by barry mcguigan’s cyclone promotions , given until the end of the week to accept the terms . eddie hearn presents the cheque for £1.5m to set-up scott quigg 's fight with carl frampton . matchroom sport boss eddie hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight . quigg stares down the camera to tell frampton to ' put his money where his mouth is ' . it’s a bold move that could see quigg pocket substantially less frampton if the pay-per-view purchases do not meet hearn’s predictions . but with the fight more than a year in the making a low revenues seems unlikely , although at present there is only a moderate chance frampton’s camp will accept the terms , having released their own statement to demand further talks . quigg said : ‘ he called me out on national tv and i saw on twitter that he apparently said i’m a sky hype job . well come and fight the hype job . ‘ i respect him as a fighter , he is very good . and i believe he does want the fight and he genuinely believes he will beat me . if he wants the fight then tell his team , the offer is there . i generally believe he wants the fight but we will find out if he actually does – there is £1.5m if he wants it . ‘ he has one and a half million reasons to fight me . ’ quigg is the defending wba super-bantamweight champion and wants to fight frampton in manchester . quigg celebrates his win over hidenori othake at the liverpool echo arena in november last year . hearn added : ‘ scott might not get £1.5m . that is not how this offer is working . this offer is us working together to come up with an offer , that we believe carl frampton can not turn down . if it doesn’t do the pay-per-view buys that we anticipate , scott might get a third of that ( £500,000 to frampton’s £1.5m ) . we take the risk . carl does not have to take any risk . ’ hearn and mcguigan met in london a fortnight ago to discuss the bout , as reported by sportsmail . those talks ended in stalemate , with cyclone promotions insisting on tuesday that hearn would have to return to the negotiating table if the fight is to happen . the statement read : ‘ if matchroom sport are interested in joining cyclone promotions in staging this domestic superfight , we recommend matchroom accept the invitation for a follow-up meeting . ‘ if matchroom sport does not want to meet , carl frampton will make an optional defence of his ibf world title this summer . ’ carl frampton lands a punch on american opponent chris avalos during their fight last month . frampton celebrates after his win over spain 's kiko martinez in september last year . 