a baby girl was given hypothermia in order to keep her alive after she developed a potentially fatal brain condition . caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy ( hie ) , a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood . to control the condition caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . nicola kellie-jones and partner paul with children caitlin and dylan are raising money to help other children . medics gave little caitlin , pictured , hypothermia in a bid to prevent any brain damage . caitlin , pictured , was diagnosed with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy minutes after she was born . it allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from the lack of oxygen . thankfully , caitlin , now ten months old , recovered from hie and is able to feed and play . her parents , nicola and paul , are hoping it will not have affected her ability to walk and talk but they must wait to find out . ms kellie-jones , 27 , from chorley , lancashire , said : ' caitlin was in an incubator surrounded by doctors and nurses . ' she was n't moving or breathing for herself , and was making no noise . ' i had an image in my mind of our first cuddle which was taken away . doctors were telling us she was very poorly and just to take it hour by hour . ' it was such a relief to bring her home . ' caitlin was born on may 10 last year weighing 7lbs 4oz after a normal pregnancy . she was whisked away by doctors immediately to be placed on a specialist cooling machine . despite her ordeal , caitlin , who is now 10 months old , seems to be developing normally . ms kellie-jones , right , wants to raise £16,000 for additional cooling machines to help save other babies . ms kellie-jones said : ' my mum was a neonatal nurse for many years and i often visited her at work and would see all of these babies in their little incubators and see families in and out visiting their babies , but i never imagined it would be me . ms kellie-jones said the next important stage is whether she will be able to walk and talk normally . ' we could n't look to the days ahead and my mum told me to take lots of pictures . i knew what they were all trying to tell me , everyone thought she would n't make it . ' i did n't move from her side for hours . i had the doctors and nurses tell me the worst case scenario so i could prepare myself , but it was very upsetting to hear she might not make it . ' paul was the opposite , he wanted to know the best possible outcome . ' we were lucky that we were able to get caitlin on one of the machines , otherwise we might not have been bringing her home . ' caitlin was born and treated at royal preston hospital , where there are only two cooling machines available . ms kellie-jones said : ' we are extremely lucky that the last cooling machine was available for our daughter that day . ' i 'm trying to raise money now for two cerebral function machines for the hospital , which monitor brain activity for any signs of brain damage , and , if i raise enough , another cooling machine for the neonatal unit . ' my target is to raise at least £16,000 . ' her brother dylan , 10 , is doing a sponsored bike ride with his granddad to help too . ' at his age he could have thought what happened to caitlin was normal , but he came to see her every night and loves her to pieces . ' caitlin will need follow up appointments until she is two , but it is hoped she will make a full recovery . to donate go to : www.justgiving.com/caitlinscoolingcause . ms kellie-jones said without the cooling machine , caitlin might not have survived her illness . 