i conducted a poll on my radio show recently , and more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe manchester united will win the title next season . is it heart ruling the head among the united faithful ? or is there a genuine belief that serial winner louis van gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top again ? manchester united boss louis van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea . van gaal poses for pictures with united fans at the training ground during a day for the club 's foundation . van gaal ( pictured talking to fans ) is starting to assert himself at the united after a stuttering start . if he is to take united back to the very top , he’ll need more than memphis depay . i’ve already established in this column recently that van gaal is a great , and he is a winner . i love the fact he has set himself this huge challenge of resurrecting a fallen giant at the end of his career . the dutchman knows , however , he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by david moyes . at the end of his ( albeit shorter ) old trafford stay , his record will need to stand comparison with that of sir alex ferguson . obviously van gaal can not win the same number of trophies sir alex picked up during his 27 year reign , so relatively speaking what does he need to achieve to be considered a success at united ? sir alex underachieved in europe : only two champions league wins in his time – just one more than liverpool in the same period , and the same number as jose mourinho ( who won those in significantly fewer years ) . van gaal has also underachieved in this department – his only champions league win was with ajax , not bayern munich or barcelona . van gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago . he should target euro success as soon as possible . domestically , united still don’t quite look like the finished article , despite their impressive run in 2015 . but they should at least be challenging for the title next season . so what needs to change for united to reach that level where they are in the mix to win the premier league and the champions league ? sir alex ferguson celebrates his second champions league triumph with united in 2008 . van gaal celebrates winning the champions league with ajax in 1995 - his only triumph in europe . keeping david de gea would be ideal , but victor valdes has winning experience and there is a bond between the former barcelona keeper and the manager after their time together at the nou camp . van gaal blooded valdes and then man-managed him superbly . either keeper is fine , it’s obvious who would be preferred though . united need a quality right back – nathaniel clyne has been linked and the southampton man would be perfect . if clyne is the right fit , luke shaw needs to stay fit . he’s been like a rabbit in the headlights this first season , but he’s dealt with van gaal’s brutally honest management style well and put in a fine performance at chelsea . i’ve said before , shaw has the potential to be an all-time great at united . at centre half , phil jones and chris smalling might become the trusted partnership , or wisdom may win the day and united could go and get mats hummels from borussia dortmund . he’s a winner and a leader – perfect for united . luke shaw ( right ) has had a difficult start to his united career but impressed against chelsea . mats hummels ( left ) of dortmund is a player who has long been linked with a move to united . in midfield , united are strong in my view – daley blind and michael carrick can fight for that anchor spot , or even play together depending on the opposition . i can’t help thinking that adding another carrick-type player to the squad might be a wise move for van gaal . united fans are seeing the best of ander herrera and marouane fellaini in this current period , while juan mata and ashley young have been big positives this season . wayne rooney’s quality and contribution as united captain is never up for debate – for me he should be the closest challenger to eden hazard for player of the year . which leaves players like adnan januzaj , radamel falcao , robin van persie and angel di maria . ander hererra ( holding off chelsea 's cesc fabregas ) has impressed for united in recent weeks . juan mata ( right ) is starting to show his best form after moving from chelsea last january . angel di maria ( centre ) has struggled this season but to leave him leave would be a massive risk for united . united 's on-loan striker radamel falcao has struggled for form ever since joining the club last summer . januzaj has stalled a little bit after bursting onto the scene , but he may yet come good . van persie would be brilliant off the bench next season – he’s still capable of scoring important goals . the two south americans are expensive stellar players , but neither have impressed in their first season in english football . to let both leave would be a gamble – european rivals will pick them up , and if they suddenly re-discover their game , united will look foolish . keeping both is also a risk , but one worth taking if you add one more world-class attacking player . and that’s why united need to go all out to get gareth bale . at times this season united have been so slow in their build up . bale brings dynamism , goals and energy to a side . he could flourish at united , stepping out of cristiano ronaldo’s shadow at real madrid . united have already enquired about psv’s depay , he has all the skills and end product to be loved at old trafford , but united still need that marquee man to humiliate opposing defences at home and abroad . memphis depay ( left , in action for psv ) is a prime target for united and has the potential to be a great signing . gareth bale has the dynamism , goals and energy that united have missed in their side this season . van gaal signed a three-year deal . if he wins the premier league and the champions league in that time he will be considered a total success at united . it’s a tough ask , but he could win both next season . given his record of winning titles elsewhere , i certainly wouldn’t rule that out . i suspect the united haters will have to calm themselves down over the next few seasons . did they really think united would be gone for long ? 