the fiancee of fusilier lee rigby has found ' happiness ' with an army major 27 years her senior . aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper – a former comrade of the murdered soldier . just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , south-east london , she is said to have formed a close bond with major draper , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral . scroll down for video . lee rigby 's fiancée aimee west ( left ) has found happiness with a friend of the murdered soldier , major paul draper ( right ) . major draper 's ex-wife , jane – whom he left for another woman in 2002 – said she was not surprised by his new relationship . speaking from her home in sunbury-on-thames , surrey , yesterday , she said their three children were aware he was dating miss west . ' he left me for a girl in the [ army ] cadets , ' mrs draper said . ' he then was seeing another girl who he met in the cadets , who he was with for around ten years . ' it was this relationship , not his marriage , that major draper ended before spending time with miss west . his ex-wife added : ' he 's gone out with two other girls from the cadets and one was 20 years younger . ' aimee west , 24 , was devastated when her husband-to-be fusilier rigby ( pictured ) was hacked to death in the street in woolwich , south east london , two years ago . according to reports , miss west and major draper have been on several dates in the past few months . the 51-year-old , a decorated member of the middlesex and north west army cadet force , told the sunday mirror : ' i like to see aimee . we are very good friends and we enjoy each other 's company . ' a source told the paper it was ' common knowledge they 're dating ' , adding : ' if anyone deserves to be happy , it 's aimee . she 's had a dreadful time . ' she 'll never forget lee – he was so important to her – but everyone wants her to be happy . paul is a lot older than aimee but he 's been there for her since lee died . ' major draper separated from his latest partner , priscilla , last november . he and miss west have since attended a number of cadet functions together and last month he comforted her at a st paul 's cathedral service to honour fallen soldiers in afghanistan . miss west met fusilier rigby at an army cadets training camp in wales in august 2012 and a year later they were engaged . pictured from left , aimee west , lee rigby 's sister sara mcclure and his mother lyn rigby at the old bailey . remembering him last year , she said : ' as soon as he turned up , everyone knew he was there because he was energetic and fast-paced , and like nobody else i ever met . ' miss west was 3,500 miles away at camp bastion in afghanistan when she learned her fiance had been killed in front of horrified onlookers near woolwich barracks . british-born michael adebolajo , 29 , and michael adebowale , 22 , mowed down fusilier rigby in a car as he was walking towards the barracks in a help for heroes hoodie , before hacking him to death with knives . they claimed the heinous act on may 22 , 2013 , was revenge for the killing of muslims by british armed forces . they were both jailed for life . after the sentencing , miss west said : ' i hope that this is the last we will hear from them both , so that i can focus on rebuilding my life and keeping lee 's memory alive . ' miss west met fusilier rigby at an army cadets training camp in wales and became engaged in 2013 . following fusilier rigby 's death , miss west quit the army and has gone back to university , where she is studying to be a lawyer . she set up the lee rigby fund as part of the soldiers ' sailors ' and airmen 's families association – and is set to run the london marathon to raise money for the charity later this month . last november , she spoke of her daily battle to block thoughts about the two islamic extremists who murdered her fiance . in an interview , she said : ' i 've mentally detached myself to be able to cope . ' miss west was not available for comment at her home in feltham , west london , yesterday . lee rigby 's killers michael adebolajo ( left ) and michael adebowale ( right ) were jailed for life for the murder . 