tim sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on tuesday night as aston villa clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers qpr . the aston villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the villa park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point as striker christian benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go . sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as villa have six more games to achieve premier league survival . from launching his jacket to the floor in celebration to bawling at the linesman , sportsmail brings you all the best images of sherwood 's rollercoaster evening in the villa dugout . aston villa manager tim sherwood gives a steely stare to the camera , focused on the job ahead prior to the match with qpr . sherwood gives qpr boss - and friend - chris ramsey a hug ahead of the crucial clash between the two relegation strugglers at villa park . despite being rivals and both desperate for three points , sherwood shows a big grin as ramsey fully embraces the villa boss ahead of kick-off . sherwood also gave a hug to aston villa mascot hercules the lion - although did n't seem as willing on this occassion as he sat on the bench . the former tottenham boss grimaces as the villa mascot - wearing the famous tim sherwood gilet - embraces the villa park manager . sherwood removes his jacket as christian benteke and the rest of the aston villa team celebrate equalising against qpr to make the score 1-1 . sherwood launches his jacket to the ground in celebration after aston villa pulled level on 10 minutes to cancel out matty phillips ' opener . sherwood clenches his fists and roars with delight after benteke 's second goal of the evening gave villa a 2-1 lead against the hoops . so close for villa as sherwood crouches down on the touchline following a missed chance by the home side on tuesday night . sherwood lets out his frustrations and protests to the linesman after a decision goes against aston villa during tuesday 's pulsating clash . the former blackburn and tottenham midfielder shows he 's still light on his feet by attempting to avoid the ball as it zips past the touchline . sherwood throws the ball back into play , eager to get things going again as villa searched for points to edge away from the relegation zone . despair for sherwood , delight for the qpr bench as they celebrate after charlie austin puts the hoops 3-2 up with just 12 minutes to go . sherwood reacts with a jump as aston villa look for a late winner after benteke 's hat-trick had pulled the midlands club level . sherwood shows his angst with just minutes to go as the home side rallied but failed to find the winner which would ease their relegation fears . the aston villa manager looks to the sky as the point keeps the club right in the thick of this season 's premier league relegation battle . sherwood will be saying his prayers right up until aston villa have achieved premier league safety - they are three points above the drop .