exeter has been dubbed ' too posh for monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road . it 's the most popular board game in the world , with hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe . but monopoly-makers planning a special exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road . thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in devon to fill the more expensive slots , which are taken up on the london version by the likes of mayfair and park lane . but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in monopoly money . high-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city 's gothic cathedral , exeter castle , the guildhall and modern shopping centre . but exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including oxford , cambridge and york - in the posh stakes , with no suggestions for the lower end . game-makers say they have developed boards for cities across the country but have never come across the current dilemma . exeter city council leader pete edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown spots , which are taken up in london by old kent road and whitechapel road . he said : ' i think they will have a problem - there is nowhere cheap in exeter that would be suitable for the old kent road spot . ' i do n't know about being the poshest - but it is such a nice city that no-where really deserves to occupy it . thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across exeter to fill the more expensive slots , such as the cathedral . no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in monopoly money . ' the board was designed on the streets of london and it is a nigh on impossible task to replicate that in exeter . ' whoever does get old kent road will be castigated for it - and will not deserve it . ' exeter recently for opened some britain 's poshest student flats in the city centre - costing £1,000 a month - and there are several more luxury developments planned . the influx of well-to-do students - together with the arrival of big name shops and restaurants such as john lewis and jamie 's italian in recent years - has seen a resurgence in the city centre . resident nicola taylor , 32 , of exeter , said : ' exeter has certainly got posher over the years and i do n't think there is anywhere that deserves the tag of old kent road . ' i think the influx of rich students has had a lot to do with it with a lot of luxury developments and money being brought in . ' i would n't say that most locals are particularly posh - but just proud of the area they live in . ' exeter city council leader pete edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown monopoly ( board game pictured ) spots , which are taken up in london by old kent road and whitechapel road . the makers of the game have launched a second appeal for recommendations for any exeter landmark that can replace old kent road , and bosses were sent to the city today to hunt a location down . dan taylor , head of custom games at winning moves uk said : ' over the years we have produced boards for perceived well-heeled places - such as oxford , for example - but we have never come across a situation like this . ' we have had a dearth of suggestions for an exeter equivalent of old kent road compared to every other location so exeter could well be the poshest place in britain . ' but we have to fill this space . as we do every one of the 22 locations from the london original is handed over to an exeter landmark or address . '