ben jones-bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the salford red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan after a thrilling 24-18 contest which saw both players finish with 12 men . jones-bishop , snapped up from leeds rhinos in the close-season , extended his lead as salford 's leading scorer with his seventh of the campaign . the red devils were hanging onto a 12-8 interval lead when jones-bishop struck on the hour to help his club leapfrog the warriors into third place in the table . both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the super league match . but salford forward weller hauraki , already facing a ban after an incident at huddersfield in friday , and john bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches after the pair had already been sin binned following an earlier flare up . salford 's last win against wigan was a 16-4 challenge cup fifth-round victory at the willows in 2006 . the long-awaited victory was particularly sweet for the the three former wigan players in the red devils ranks - scott taylor , skipper harrison hansen and try scorer michael dobson . dobson was outstanding and also helped set up two tries for full-back niall evalds . salford brought in evalds to replace full-back kevin locke who was concussed at huddersfield . wigan again left out matty bowen with ryan hampshire continuing at full-back and lewis tierney replacing dom manfredi on the wing . conor farrell , younger brother of second row liam , also stepped into the squad with joel tomkins missing . wigan warriors ' michael mcilorum is tackled by salford red devils 's liam hood and weller hauraki . salford organised a reunion of their 1996 side , which famously ended wigan 's record-breaking challenge cup run , with the players and then coach andy gregory introduced to the fans before the kick-off . but the kick-off was delayed 15 minutes due to crowd congestion outside the aj bell stadium . wigan would have snatched an early lead had tierney not slipped when jones-bishop spilled a george williams kick . salford 's relief was short-lived when their defence failed to deal with another towering matty smith kick and larne patrick picked up the loose ball to stroll over for his first try for the club since his move from huddersfield . hampshire tagged on the conversion with the red devils forced to make an early substitution when tommy lee hobbled off after 11 minutes to be replaced by liam hood . a storming break by josh griffin put wigan under pressure for the first time with joe burgess forced to make a try-saving tackle on rangi chase . but salford suffered another injury blow midway through the first half when cory paterson was helped off with a knee problem . wigan increased the lead to 8-0 with a hampshire penalty after weller hauraki was caught offside from a smith kick . the red devils hit back with dobson and chase combining for evalds to dart over with josh griffin adding the conversion . wigan lost tony clubb with a thigh injury before salford took the lead for the first time with a sizzling try from dobson against his old club . josh griffin broke clear from inside his own half for the supporting dobson to notch his first try for the club with griffin tagging on the goal to make it 12-8 . the bumper crowd generated a tremendous atmosphere and the red devils fans were cheering again with a blistering burst from his own line by evalds after gathering a williams kick . then jones-bishop grabbed a superb solo try on the hour to fire his side into an 18-8 lead . there appeared to be no danger to wigan when jones-bishop took the ball 45 metres out . but he burst through two tackles and then rounded hampshire in style to notch his seventh try of the season with griffin converting . the hard-fought contest erupted 15 minutes from time with referee richard silverwood sin-binning hauraki and bateman after a melee . hampshire put wigan right back in the thrilling match with a fine try after 68 minutes and also added the goal to cut the gap to 18-14 . salford sealed the win when dobson 's perfect pass sent evalds over for his second try four minutes from time with griffin booting his fourth goal from four attempts . another flare up two minutes from time saw bateman and hauraki red carded before burgess went over 39 seconds from time . 