a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap . cell phone footage , recorded by the unnamed customer , starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served . after four separate requests to speak to a manager , the customer finally got the employee 's attention . a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing before getting physical with the customer . the customer then asked for a refund , but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer . ' baby , you 're about to get it , ' the employee is heard saying . ' just wait . you 're gon na get your s*** . ' ' you 're cursing , ' the customer replied . ' are you serious ? are you serious ? ' ' you can not treat people like this , this is your job , ' she continued . ' are you for real ? ' ' no , i 'm fake , ' the employee snapped back . the footage , first posted on live leak , claims to have been taken on tuesday at a branch in lake charles . ' i do n't know what happened to you today . and i 'm sorry , but you handed me soft serve ice cream and then gave me some garbage and i 'm not going to eat it , ' the customer explained . ' and you 're rude . ' ' i do n't give a f*** , go ahead , ' the angry employee replied . the angry employee comes out to the front of the restaurant to confront the customer , left , while at one point another worker appears and attempts to defuse the situation , right . ' you wan na get slapped ? ' the employee repeatedly asks the customer while standing next to her in an intimidating manner . 'b**** , i … ' the employee said before cutting herself off and walking around the counter to directly confront the customer in the main area of the fast-food restaurant . ' do not touch me , ' the customer said . ' take my picture , ' the employee told her repeatedly . ' i 'm making sure that i 'm going to be safe whenever i walk out of here , ' the customer told the employee , who was just a couple of feet away . ' what you mean ? ' the employee yelled . ' go ! bye ! i do n't give a f*** . she trippin ' . ' at one point another employee is seen attempting to calm her co-worker , but the arguement continues . ' this place is getting shut down , ' the customer said , as the employee moved closer to her . ' i 'll do whatever i can . ' ' get off of my foot , ' the customer then demands . ' this is assault . i 'm calling the cops . ' ' you wan na get slapped ? ' the employee responded . ' you wan na get slapped ? ' burger king has since confirmed that it is aware fo the footage and in a statement to the blaze said that the disgruntled employe had been fired . ' we are aware of the video posted on facebook . guest satisfaction and service are of the highest priority to everyone at burger king ( r ) restaurants . ' the franchisee that owns and operates this restaurant has terminated the employee involved and has reached out to the guest directly . ' 