a lone lioness shows her determination - single-handedly felling a towering giraffe . the desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal . but the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed . scroll down for video . determined : incredible pictures show a lone lioness bringing down a towering giraffe all by herself . the lioness eventually locked on to the giraffe 's throat to kill it . at first the predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal . the dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher brent stapelkamp in hwange national park . the lioness locks its teeth on the giraffe 's leg , the animal already visibly wounded . brent stapelkamp , a 37-year-old researcher , saw the dramatic tussle in hwange national park , zimbabwe . the lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in . the determined cat had been chasing the giraffe , which can grow to six metres tall , with its pride . but the other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog and chose to chase the easier prey instead . this picture shows the lioness pursuing the giraffe across the dusty savannah . at first the lioness had some help from other members of her pride , but they quickly ran off in pursuit of a passing warthog - far easier prey . the lionesses are dwarfed by the giraffe but are in desperate need of food . the lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in . the giraffe finally collapses on the ground after the epic struggle . the exhausted giraffe finally relents , lacking the energy to stop the lioness going for the kill . brent said : ' a giraffe 's kick can easily kill a lion so we were desperate that her pride come to help . ' two one-year-olds came and followed her but added no help . ' the killing bite is to the throat but she had to bring it down first so chose the bite the chest , eventually causing the giraffe to fall . ' it fell in top of her and we gasped because we have lost lions like that before , but as it rolled off , she was out and at the throat . ' only later did we see that she had fresh suckle stains on her teat meaning she had new cubs hidden and waiting for a feed . ' this explained her tenacity . ' 