ed balls ( pictured ) said he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party to insist on a deal that would see scotland benefit at the expense of england . ed balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the snp that would put scotland ahead of england - insisting it would be a ' betrayal of the english vote . ' the shadow chancellor said he was ' unequivocal ' that he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at england 's expense . ed miliband has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp but has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a labour administration . mr balls told wolverhampton 's express and star newspaper : ' on the snp point , there is absolutely no possibility of any vote being put to parliament or any budget measure in a labour budget which would in any way disadvantage the west midlands or any other part of england , because that 's what the snp demand . ' no way . unequivocal . i 'm not going to do it and labour wo n't do it . we 've been very clear we wo n't have a coalition with the snp and the reason is that the snp - they ca n't stand up for the interests of people in england because they want to break up the uk . ' he went on : ' now , we will put a vote to parliament to abolish the bedroom tax . i want a labour majority to get that through . if the snp decided to vote against it , that 's up to them . ' but the idea that we would ever be in a position where the snp come along and say , `` we want you to advantage scotland against the west midlands in return - in order to win our support '' , that would be a betrayal of these constituencies here in the black country and the west midlands , it would be a betrayal of the english vote and we will not do it . unequivocal . ' yesterday , it was revealed that more than half of scots plan to back the snp in the general election , shattering ed miliband 's hopes of securing a labour majority . nicola sturgeon has been buoyed by a series of tv debates opposing austerity cuts , despite threatening another referendum on independence . a tns survey shows the snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month , with 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband . the scottish nationalists’ surge in the polls comes amid signs of a split between labour leadership in london and jim murphy , the labour leader in scotland . mr murphy has suggested that the party would not need to make ‘ further cuts to achieve our spending rules’ in the next parliament . but yesterday chuka umunna , labour’s business spokesman , slapped him down ; telling the bbc’s daily politics programme that cuts would have to be made throughout the life of the new parliament . nicola sturgeon has offered to work with labour 's ed miliband to lock the tories out of power , even if david cameron wins more seats on may 7 . ms sturgeon has offered to work with labour to lock the tories out of power , even if david cameron wins more seats on may 7 . but labour and the snp have clashed on ms sturgeon 's call for full fiscal autonomy for scotland , and her suggestion that another referendum could be held before 2020 . in march , mr miliband flatly ruled out going into coalition with the snp as he attempted to draw a line under weeks of tory jibes . the labour leader insisted there would be no power-sharing deal with nicola sturgeon 's party and he would not lead a government that included snp ministers . however , he stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a labour administration , such as the ' confidence and supply ' agreement . this would essentially see scottish mps supporting labour by helping to get legislation through the commons .