there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , with three people killed in australia and south africa . according to the international shark attack file , which gathers statistics on interactions between the mammals and humans , the number of worldwide unprovoked shark attacks has grown at a steady pace since 1900 , with each decade having more attacks than the previous . however , despite the worrying statistics , only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with great white , bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks . scroll down for video . the great white shark is the most deadly of its kind , yet there by following rules and recommendations , it 's unlikely you will ever meet one . thirteen-year-old elio canestri , who was attacked and killed while surfing off the coast of reunion a week ago , was killed by an eight-foot bull shark . the young teen was reported to be surfing in an area deemed out of bounds by officials due to the high risk of sharks . reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world . the international shark attack file reports that there were 52 shark attacks in us waters in 2014 , compared to 29 in 2015 . australia 's 11 attacks was lower than its 12.5 attacks per year average over the past ten years ( 2004-2013 ) and the two fatalities were in line with its 1.5 yearly average over the same time period . so are there any simple precautions that can be taken to avoid a shark attack ? and what should you do if you come into contact with one ? bright swim gear which contrasts strongly with skin colour can attracts sharks . do n't look like a fish . even if you think you 're in a safe area of water , a rogue shark attack can never be ruled out . experts warn swimmers not to wear any jewellery or items that reflect the light . as far as sharks are concerned , that flash of light could easily be the sun reflecting off fish scales . this is particularly important if swimming in choppy and unclear conditions which can make it harder for a shark to distinguish between swimmers and prey . even brightly coloured clothing can cause trouble , as sharks see in black and white and use contrast to distinguish colour , meaning they will pick up the difference between skin and a bright swimsuit . the same can be said for sunburn , causing colour differentiation on skin . equally , surfers can easily be confused for seals . lounging on a surfboard in a wetsuit can give the outline of a seal from a shark 's point of view . while this is hard to avoid , try surfing in a group and stay alert to your surroundings at all times . going on a cage dive is the best and safest way of encountering a shark . use your common sense . it may sound ridiculously obvious , but when people want to experience the ultimate experience on the waves , common sense goes out the window . put simply , do n't swim with shark food . where there are fish , there could be sharks and sharks eat fish . by swimming or surfing near fishing boats or areas with sea birds feeding , you 're at increased risk of encountering a shark . george burgess , director of the florida program for shark research , told msnbc : ' it really comes down to common sense . we do a pretty good job here in the united states as last year there were no fatalities from shark attacks . ' what we need to do is avoid where sharks are at present . ' try to avoid swimming or surfing near the exits of sewage pipes , the waste released will attract fish , which in turn will attract their predators . it can seem a good idea to take a romantic swim at sunset , but it is actually harder for sharks to spot the difference between humans and prey in darker conditions . swim in good weather - and during the day . it is easy to think that evening swim from the beach is a romantic way to enjoy your surroundings undisturbed , but dark conditions make it hard for sharks to distinguish swimmers form their prey . the same can be said for murky water and foggy weather . these conditions impair a shark 's vision and also a swimmer 's making it harder for them to observe their surroundings and stay safe . 1 . always swim in a group . sharks most often attack lone individuals . 2 . do n't wander too far from shore . doing so isolates you and places you away from assistance . 3 . avoid the water at night , dawn , or dusk . many sharks are most active at these times and are better able to find you than you are to see them . 4 . do n't enter the water if bleeding . sharks can smell and taste blood , and trace it back to its source . 5 . do n't wear shiny jewellery . the reflected light looks like shining fish scales . and what to do if you come into contact with a shark ... if attacked by a shark , the general rule is ' do whatever it takes to get away ! ' some people have successfully chosen to be aggressive , others passive . some yelled underwater , others blew bubbles . source : florida museum of natural history . know where is safe to swim . in countries where shark attacks are frequent , officials should clearly mark areas that are deemed ' safe to swim/surf ' and those that are not . always pay heed to local knowledge , particularly on beaches in the us , australia and south africa , where the majority of attacks happened in 2014 . keep in mind that single attacks also happened in reunion , japan , spain , new zealand , french polynesia , new caledonia , and the galapagos islands . when swimming in open water , avoid areas such as sand shelves and areas between sand bars , where the ground drops away into much deeper water , sharks often frequent these areas . likewise , channels and river mouths are other areas than can be rich with food for sharks , just like sewage waste pipes , so stay away . it is important for swimmers and surfers to be clued on where is safe to take to the water ( file photo ) . swim in groups . swim and surf with friends . it 's common sense for in case something goes wrong there is someone there to help , but also sharks are n't as likely to attack a group . to this end , in the unfortunate situation where you come face to face with a shark ( see below ) , the group can work together to enact defensive situations . going back to back with other divers mean you can keep your eyes on the challenge from all directions and prepare to fight . use a shark repellent . if you are a regular surfer , meaning you 're often in open water in low light and sometimes alone , it can pay off to use a shark repellent . locals in hawaii are increasingly placing their trust in technologies that claim to keep the predators away by sending an electric pulse through the water . one particular device , known as the electronic shark defence system ( esds ) , has enjoyed massive popularity on the islands . users strap the devices to their ankles , wetsuits or surfboards . some are about the size of an oversized watch , others the size of a wallet . they range in price from £249 ( $ 399 ) to £390 ( $ 649 ) . researcher christine ambrosino told discovery news the pulse is an effective way to stopping a shark in its tracks . she said : ' as the shark swims toward it , it 's like punching them in the face with a cattle prod . ' it is important to swim in groups or with one other person to help look out for threats and also put off sharks from attacking . a shark begins to circle , what should you do ? there are lots of myths around what you should you if you are unlucky enough to come into contact with a shark . sharks are said to bite out of simple curiosity ; they are known to bite anything that bobs on water just to see what it tastes like . national geographic rubbish two of the suggested things you should do to ward off an attack ; splashing violently and playing dead are no-nos . splashing violently will only go to attract more sharks towards you , while playing dead leads to resulting in just that - a limp body will simply encourage the shark to tuck in . instead you should try and attack its soft spots , those being the eyes and gills . george burgess from the international shark attack file said : ' i advise to be as aggressively defensive as you are able . ' playing dead ' does not work . pound the shark in any way possible . try to claw at the eyes and gill openings , two very sensitive areas . ' there were only three fatalities record from unprovoked shark attacks in 2014 , two in australia and one in south africa . the international shark attack file investigated 130 incidents of alleged shark-human interaction occurring worldwide in 2014 . upon review , 72 of these incidents represented confirmed cases of unprovoked shark attacks on humans . of the 72 incidents of unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , there were three fatalities . the 58 incidents not accorded unprovoked status in 2014 included 33 provoked attacks , nine interactions involving a shark biting a motorized or non-motorized vessel ( ' boat attack ' ) , four incidents regarded as not involving a shark ( ' doubtful ' ) , one case involving sinking ships or downed aircraft ( 'air-sea disaster ' ) , two incidents involving post-mortem bites ( ' scavenge ' ) , and nine cases in which data is unavailable to determine if an unprovoked shark attack occurred ( ' insufficient evidence ' ) . the 2014 yearly total of 72 unprovoked attacks was lower than the 75 recorded in 2013 and represents the lowest global total since 68 in 2009 . however , the number of worldwide unprovoked shark attacks has grown at a steady pace since 1900 , with each decade having more attacks than the previous . information collected from the the international shark attack file ( iasf ) .     