residents on the east coast of japan 's hokkaido island had an unexpected change of scenery this morning after 1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface overnight . the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places , exposing what used to be the ocean floor . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air . scroll down for video . surprise ! a man stands on a clump of land that emerged overnight along the coastline of shiretoko peninsula near rausu , on hokkaido island , japan . ' an aerial survey indicates that the land swell happened as a result of a landslide ' , local researcher yoshinori yajima told the hokkaido shimbun newspaper after he flew over the area monday . the mass , which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long , and 100ft wide , a town official said . the new stretch of land came as a complete surprise to the locals , as there was no indication of the land movement overnight . ' the local residents said they did n't hear any sounds and there were no tremors ( when the land appeared ) , ' said katsuhiro tanaka , the president of the rausu fisheries cooperative association , who viewed the expanded coastline the day it was discovered . the mass , which has risen some 50ft above sea level , measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long , and 100ft wide . no clue : local residents on hokkaido island say they felt no tremors overnight , or heard any sounds to indicate movement , and that the landmass just appeared . new view : local residents from rausu , hokkaido , take a look at the newly emerged coastline . authorities have not been able to determine exactly when the landslide hit the snow-covered coastline , but they do not expect it to expand further , said an official at the central government 's hokkaido regional development bureau . ' our understanding is that this is different from earthquakes , ' he told afp . it is not believed to be related to the 7.8magnitude earthquake that struck the kathmandu valley on saturday , which so far has claimed more than 4,000 lives . under the sea : marine organisms such as seaweed and sea urchins are still attached to the land mass .