amanda knox has said she will work to overturn miscarriages of justice after being sensationally cleared of the murder of meredith kercher . knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed ‘ because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one’s life . ’ the american , known as foxy knoxy , and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student . scroll down for video . cleared : amanda knox is pledging to work for others who claim to have suffered miscarriages of justice . they were freed on appeal in 2011 and knox immediately returned to the us where she rebuilt her life finding love with ex school friend colin sutherland . then last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again . victim : meredith kercher was killed while in her bed in perugia in 2007 . in a shocking twist italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple . a third man rudy guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder . in an open letter to the seattle times , knox said she was ‘ relieved and grateful’ that the court had found her innocent . she said she felt ‘lucky’ to have had the support of those belief ‘ helped me survive when i was at my most vulnerable and almost entirely lost . ’ she only survived the seven year ordeal she said ‘ because my dear family gave up their lives to be with me in italy , because scores of friends donated their resources , because my lawyers worked tirelessly to bring attention to the evidence that exonerated me , because strangers — from world-renowned dna experts to former fbi crime-scene investigators to everyday citizens — saw the injustice in my case and spoke out . ' because of this she said she felt compelled to ‘ give back’ . she said : ‘ i am all too aware of how lucky i am to have received such strong support . i am also aware that countless other wrongfully convicted persons do not have such support . i will work to give a voice to those individuals . i will do this because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one’s life . ’ knox -who was reportedly paid £2.7million ( $ 4million ) for her 2013 book waiting to be heard -could be in line for millions in compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . it is thought the amount could reach seven figures . suspects : amanda knox and then boyfriend raffaele sollecito kissing shortly after meredith 's death . rudy guede ( right ) is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder . she has already vowed to return to italy and it is understood that she will write about the country 's judicial system while she is there . 