confidence in the qpr camp is high heading into tuesday 's crucial barclays premier league match at aston villa . qpr had lost 13 of 14 league away games before saturday 's vital 4-1 victory at west brom . the win also saw the west london club to end a five-game losing run , while they remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety . chris ramsey urges his players to calm down during the 4-1 win against west brom on saturday . eduardo vargas ( centre ) celebrates with his qpr team-mates after opening the scoring against west brom . ' it 's a fantastic victory for us , ' qpr coach chris ramsey said in monday 's press conference . ' the morale has been good , very professional . ' the players have this belief . ' qpr want to build on that success in tuesday 's game at villa park . ' we are going to approach the game in the same way as we have done in the past , ' ramsey said . ramsey believes qpr could have won previous games but lacked a finishing touch and also had shaky moments in defence . ' we are hoping that we can be as clinical as we were on saturday , ' he said . qpr were not able to profit from their latest win with an improved league position , but have revealed themselves to be a combative team that have a fighting chance of survival . bobby zamora scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom . ramsey issues instructions from the touchline as qpr boosted their survival hopes with a vital win . ' we want to put pressure on the teams around us , ' ramsey said . ' everybody seems to be responding to what others are doing . ' the pressure is equal . ' villa currently hold the last position of safety but have lost their last two league games , including a 3-1 defeat at manchester united at the weekend . ' i would rather be going into the game with the advantage they have rather than us , ' ramsey said . ' we have more pressure . ' even so , ramsey knows tim sherwood 's villa side are feeling the heat . ' villa are close to us and they are going to want three points to climb further up above the line , ' ramsey said . ramsey will be coming up against friend and former colleague tottenham tim sherwood on tuesday . qpr have a sense of urgency to win at villa and will have the same mindset when they host premier league leaders chelsea on sunday . ramsey believes his players can get a good result in both games . ' the premier league is a league that things happen that you ca n't expect , ' he said . villa are not going to be at full strength , but ramsey said : ' i 'm sure that they will be able to fill those positions adequately , it 's not going to be an advantage . ' as for his friend sherwood , who was put in charge of villa in february , ramsey said : ' i 'm happy for him that he has gone to a big club like aston villa and wish him the best . '