baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage . the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft , and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft 's belly . this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . scroll down for video . police also caught baggage handlers at miami international airport ( above ) stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera . a baggage handler ( above ) at jfk airport in new york was also caught on camera going through a passenger 's wallet . cnn reports that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in miami since 2012 , including six this year . incidents of theft at that airport are far less however that new york 's john f. kennedy , which has more claims of lost property that anywhere else in the country . in 2013 , el al airlines set up a hidden camera at that airport , and found workers stealing cash , jewelry , iphones and ipads , which led to six arrests . across the country in los angeles , 16 airport workers were fired last year after police obtained search warrants for their homes following a increase in reported thefts at the terminal where they were employed . ' we cut theft in those two terminals by 60 % because of doing that aggressive investigative work , ' said patrick gannon , the police chief at that airport . overall , there have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most of these coming from checked luggage . of those claims , 2,493 occurred at john f. kennedy international airport . airline customers have reported $ 2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 ( above a jfk employee ) . most shocking however may be how easy it is for airport employees to steal , with only orlando and miami screening employees through metal detectors as they arrive at work and only miami screening them when they leave . since 2002 , the tsa has fired 513 workers for theft , though it is now known how many of them faced criminal charges . gannon believes that theft is not the only problem either , as it could lead to bigger threats in the nation 's airports . ' i absolutely think that if we do n't pay attention to the small things that happen around here , that it could lead to much larger things . so there is , i believe , a connection between baggage theft and terrorism . '