a spring snowstorm and icy roads caught colorado drivers by surprise friday , causing a 39-vehicle pileup near boulder and other bad wrecks that shut down highways during the morning commute . no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . lisa lai told the daily camera newspaper she avoided hitting a crash in front of her and ended up propped against a highway barrier — and out of the way — as other peoples ' vehicles piled up . a tow truck driver works to clear the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup on u.s. highway 36 , friday near boulder , colo . a car is stuck under a semi tractor trailer at the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup on u.s. highway 36 . numerous crashes and spin outs on icy and snowy highways have closed portions of several interstates and highways in the denver and colorado springs area as well as the mountains . ' my car was just sitting there on this little island on its own , ' she said . ' it was pretty surreal . i feel pretty lucky today . ' in aurora , near denver , one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225 , striking a passing public bus . the only person on the bus was its driver , who was n't hurt . another person in the oldsmobile was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not life-threatening , police said . near fort carson , the colorado state patrol responded to a series of rush-hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars . in the mountains , interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy vail pass . at lower elevations , the storm left only light snow on grass , and roads were largely clear because of recent warm weather . however , motorists driving at normal speeds were surprised by icy patches , especially on bridges , said trooper james schmidt of the colorado state patrol . ' we 're in colorado . we have four seasons in one day , ' schmidt said after the sun emerged . a tow truck driver works to clear the scene of cleanup on the pileup on . drivers of damaged cars wait at the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup . no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . and drought-weary californians , who ca n't expect much encouragement from mountains elsewhere in the west : snow that fills the colorado river is lagging , too , officials said friday . the snowpack in the colorado and wyoming valleys where the river originates now ranges from 51 to 79 per cent of normal , said brian domonkos , colorado supervisor of the u.s. department of agriculture snow survey , which monitors snowfall and water availability . the colorado river supplies water to about 40 million people and 6,300 square miles of farmland in seven states , including california . a driver stands amid vehicles involved in an accident on wrecked cars . the rocky mountain snow that melts into the river does n't flow directly to california and other downstream users . instead , it 's held in a series of reservoirs that release enough water to fulfill the legal allotments to southwestern states under a series of agreements and court rulings . the reservoirs have sufficient water to provide california and other downstream states with their full shares this year and for the foreseeable future , said matthew allen , a spokesman for the federal bureau of reclamation , which manages the reservoir system . california also gets water from the sierra nevada range , where the snow cover was the lowest it has ever been in 65 years of record-keeping as of wednesday . warm temperatures and scarce snowfall in early march caused the snowpack in colorado to shrink significantly . ' to see the decline that we saw at the beginning of march , that is abnormal , ' domonkos said . ' and to see it continue almost unabated , almost to now , that 's quite abnormal . ' emergency personnel and tow truck drivers work to clear the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup . a storm brought up to 11 inches of snow on thursday and friday to parts of the colorado mountains and foothills , but much of it fell east of the continental divide and will eventually melt into the south platte and arkansas rivers . preliminary readings showed the snowpack on friday in the south platte basin was 87 per cent of normal and 79 percent of normal in the arkansas basin . the u.s. drought monitor says 40 per cent of california is in an exceptional drought , the most severe category , and another 25 per cent is in an extreme drought , the second-most severe . a pedestrian moves along a sidewalk while framed by branches covered with snow from a spring storm in denver . a cows grazes as her calves lay next to her on a farm after a light snow , near eldorado springs , colo. , not far from a lagging colorado river . gov . jerry brown ordered mandatory , statewide water cutbacks by cities and towns , aiming for a 25 percent cut in water use . extreme drought conditions also spread into nevada and southern oregon , along with smaller pockets in utah and arizona . milder drought conditions extend across the rest of the west , except for most of montana and wyoming . other states served by the colorado river are arizona , new mexico , utah and nevada .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .