sportsmail takes a look at 10 things we learned from the premier league 's easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the football league . 1 . playing jordan henderson as a wing back instead of in his normal central midfield position was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for liverpool manager brendan rodgers . the england star , who has taken over the captain’s armband in the absence of steven gerrard , gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes as he struggled to handle the role at arsenal . jordan henderson ( left ) toiled as a wing back in liverpool 's defeat against arsenal and lost the ball 23 times . henderson , usually a central midfielder , has not given the ball away as much all season for liverpool . there hasn’t been a single one of his previous 29 premier league appearances this season in which he’s lost possession more . 2 . john o’shea has clearly learned the canny defender’s art of letting his brain do all the running . the theory is if you get in the right position in the first place , you don’t have to chase to recover . in 90 minutes of helping sunderland keep a clean sheet against newcastle , the ireland international logged just 11.9 metres at sprint speed on the ea sports performance data . it clearly works for him – he’ll be 34 at the end of this month but remains the sole premier league outfield player to have appeared in every minute of every game in all competitions for his club this season . john o'shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during his impressive display in sunderland 's 1-0 win over newcastle . o'shea ( third left ) celebrated sunderland 's win with costel pantilimon when the final whistle was blown . for good measure he’s also completed the full 90 minutes of all five european championship qualifiers for the republic . 3 . steven caulker’s form has suffered from playing with too many different partners at qpr but there are signs the former spurs and cardiff centre half is returning to his best . the 23-year-old was a towering figure as a west brom side led by the powerful figure of substitute victor anichebe fought to recover from being three goals down at half-time . steven caulker ( right ) wins a header against west bromwich albion striker brown ideye . caulker made 20 clearances – as many as the rest of the rangers back four put together – and more than any other premier league defender all weekend . 4 . chelsea need have few fears if diego costa’s hamstring problems mean they have to rely on loic remy for goals in the last eight games of the season . the france international’s tap-in from eden hazard’s pass for the winner against stoke was his fifth premier league goal of the season from just 456 minutes on the pitch . loic remy ( centre ) scored chelsea 's winner in their 2-1 victory over stoke at stamford bridge on saturday . remy could be vital to chelsea as they look to win the premier league title after diego costa went off injured . that’s a goal every 91 minutes – actually a better ratio than costa whose 19 premier league goals have come at the rate of one every 103 minutes . 5 . burnley boss sean dyche has talked about stability all season and continues to practise what he preaches . he picked an unchanged side for the 16th time this season for the home clash with tottenham and was rewarded with a valuable point . sean dyche selected an unchanged side for the 16th time as burnley drew 0-0 with tottenham on sunday . that’s more than double the number of times any other club has kept the same starting xi – next highest is leicester with seven . 6 . kasper schmeichel looked to have lost his first-team place at leicester a few weeks ago following the arrival from chelsea of veteran mark schwarzer . but the 28-year-old son of manchester united legend peter returned for the 4-3 defeat at tottenham just before the international break , and justified nigel pearson’s decision to keep him in the side with a brilliant display in the 2-1 win over west ham . kasper schmeichel made a string of outstanding stops as leicester beat west ham 2-1 . schmeichel made six saves as well as several vital catches – the only time he has made more saves in a game this season was the eight at chelsea back in august that stopped a 2-0 defeat becoming a rout . 7 . swansea boss garry monk shared the club’s rise from football’s basement to the premier league as a player , and isn’t afraid to back his belief there are more in league two with the potential to play at the top . he put his club’s money where his mouth is by signing matt grimes from exeter for £1.75million in january , and has now given the 19-year-old his debut in the top flight . matt grimes ( right ) impressed in his substitute appearance for swansea in the 3-1 win against hull . it wasn’t a bad little cameo , either . swansea scored their third in the 3-1 win over hull barely a minute after grimes came on . 8 . blackburn boss gary bowyer left striker jordan rhodes out of his starting side for the 0-0 fa cup quarter-final at liverpool – but surely can’t drop him again for wednesday’s replay . the 25-year-old scotland international is in the best scoring form of even his prolific career after netting the second of the 3-0 win at leeds . it was his eighth goal in the last 12 games for blackburn and took his total for the season to 17 from 35 championship starts . jordan rhodes ( right ) scores blackburn 's second goal against leeds in the championship on saturday . 9 . boyhood hearts fan jason holt admitted he was upset at missing out on the celebrations when his old club clinched top spot in the scottish championship a few weeks ago . but the midfielder who moved to sheffield united in january might yet be able to open some bubbly with his new club after scoring in the 2-0 derby win at barnsley . it was the 22-year-old 's third in as many games and gave nigel clough’s side a seven-point cushion for a place in the league one play-off zone . midfielder jason holt ( left ) is proving important to sheffield united 's hopes of going up a division . john akinde celebrates scoring for barnet , where he has found the net 30 times in the league this season . 10 . john akinde has a peculiar place in the football history books for being the first player sold by an internet vote of fans – he was a promising teenager at ebbsfleet in 2008 when the online poll decided to let him move to bristol city . the striker’s move never worked out – but seven years and nine clubs later he’s setting records again and this time for much better reasons . his finish against nuneaton that took barnet back to the top of the vanarama conference was his 30th league goal of the season , equalling gary bull’s club record set in 1991 . 