the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags at one of its historic homes in an ‘experiment’ which has enraged heritage experts . furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags . the move was designed to encourage visitors to ‘ dwell and take in the atmosphere’ in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ‘misguided’ . the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags in the library of ickworth house , suffolk . now it has emerged that similar experiments will take place at nine other of its venues around the country . art historian bendor grosvenor , whose blog post on his art history news site about ickworth sparked the controversy , told the independent : ‘ i suspect the hoo-ha about the beanbags may at least cause them rethink what they were going to do . the national trust said the beanbag experiment was 'short-term ' pictured : ickworth house , suffolk . ‘ i don’t think you’ll ever bring in a new audience by talking down to it . experimentation and bringing in new audiences are marvellous but there are better ways of doing it by taking away things people might want to see . it’s patronising nonsense . ’ the national trust’s director of strategy , curatorship and external affairs simon murray told the art newspaper that the trust ‘ presents each house in context’ and that each is different and treated appropriately . he said : ‘ we are not a museum that takes objects , shows them in a display case , shines a light on them and labels them’ . but he said this meant that ‘ many visitors find a vast array of objects in front of them , cast a cursory eye over them and don’t get a great deal from the experience . ’ he said the beanbag experiment was a short-term arrangement which would not necessarily continue for the whole year . but he added : ‘ some of our staff think we should have used a rather different sort of seating and others think it is good as an experiment . ’ 