shabana bibi , died in hospital on saturday april 18 . the heartbroken brother of pakistan 's latest ' honour killing victim ' - allegedly burned alive because she left the house without permission - said he will set himself alight if he does not get justice . shabana bibi , 25 , from the muzaffargarh district of the country , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh . bibi 's brother , muhammad azam said siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out . his father then beat bibi before dousing her with petrol on april 17 , azam alleged . bibi had been married to siddique for three years , during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse because the couple could n't have children , her brother claimed . azam says police have not provided him with a copy of the crime report despite repeated requests . ' i would set myself on fire in front of the office of the district police chief if i did not get justice , ' he said . district police chief rai zameer-ul-haq said : ' we have arrested the husband and father-in-law of the deceased woman and charged them for murder and terrorism . ' the charge of ' terrorism ' is regularly applied in such cases to quicken the legal process . bibi ( not pictured ) had been married to siddique for three years , during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse , according to her brother . but naseem , the investigating officer , now says police have no doubt bibi committed suicide . he said the police investigation will end if three people from the area take an oath on the quran claiming bakhsh is innocent . he said police have asked the men to visit the police station tomorrow so the oaths can be made . hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in pakistan each year through domestic violence or on the grounds of defending family ' honour ' . the aurat foundation , a campaign group that works to improve the lives of women in pakistan 's conservative and patriarchal society , says more than 3,000 women have been killed in such attacks since 2008 .