a mother who appeared in the bbc 's controversial documentary ' people like us ' is facing jail after she refused to pay a fine for taking her teenage daughter out of school to go on holiday . karen wakefield and her husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary , which aimed to show what life was like in harpurhey in manchester . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light . mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her 13-year-old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey . karen wakefield and her partner paul ( centre ) could face three months in jail for refusing to pay fines for taking her 13-year-old daughter ( right ) out of school during term time to go on holiday to turkey . she has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines , and claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000 each . the mother-of-two said she ' does n't like being told by teachers when she can go on holiday ' and said she is determined to fight the case all the way . mrs wakefield said her daughter 's school , the manchester communication academy , refused to give her permission to take her daughter abroad during term last year . the trip , at the end of the six-weeks ' holiday , meant the pupil missed six days of lessons at the start of the new school year . she said her child deserved the trip because of alleged bullying at the school . mrs wakefield said she does n't like the school telling her what to do , and took her daughter out of manchester communication academy during term time to go on holiday . mrs wakefield claims her daughter needed a holiday after she was bullied at school . the owner of wishy washy was seen showing viewers cctv from the launderette of some of her customers . mrs wakefield , who has another daughter amber , 21 , added : ' we told the truth and told the school we were going on holiday . we did n't lie and say she was ill or anything . ' but they said we did n't have permission . she deserved to go on holiday - she 's been bullied at the school . she 's had a hard time of it . ' we refused to pay the fines - it 's ridiculous . we do n't like being told when you can go on holiday by teachers . the six-part bbc three documentary was watched by 1million people . producers said the fly-on-the-wall documentary aimed to show what life was like in manchester . but locals who featured in the show claimed the show was ' faked ' to make them appear drunken , fat and lazy . more than 300 people attended a public meeting to call for the series to be axed , claiming rather than showing how harpurhey had developed - it illustrated it as a deprived area . they said the show made them look like ' jeremy kyle show-type chavs ' - a talk show which frequently features swearing and fighting . locals claimed they were tricked into taking part and encouraged to drink alcohol and fight on camera by the film crew . this was flatly denied by production company dragonfly . ' what about when they 're on strike or there 's a training day ? it 's no different to her missing a few days on holiday . ' it would be different if her grades were low but she is very clever and doing better than expected despite being bullied . ' a spokeswoman for the school said manchester city council is pursuing legal action on its behalf . a council spokesman said : ' local authorities have a statutory obligation to take action on non- attendance in schools , and although schools work very closely with pupils and parents to ensure pupils are in school every day they should be , legal action is sometimes necessary to enforce this . ' mrs wakefield shot to fame when she appeared on the bbc3 show , which attracted audiences of 1million . after it aired the ' fly on the wall documentary ' was criticised as making locals featured in it look like ' jeremy kyle show-type chavs . ' this was denied by programme makers who said they had adhered to all bbc guidelines .  