a polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world – the jaguar . the woman known only as goska , has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer , while at the jaguar breeding project . goska spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals . standing in a doorway , goska holds a bottle for the large feline , who drinks from it with great enthusiasm . the volunteer holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle before seamlessly moving onto another one . later in the video , goska is recorded in another location feeding the jaguar – she leans in and gives it a kiss on the head on this occasion . goska holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle . the large feline drinks with great enthusiasm before seamlessly moving onto another bottle . the video concludes with the polish volunteer standing in the enclosure with the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures . goska said : ‘ during my volunteer at criadouro onca pintada , jaguar breeding project in brazil i had the amazing opportunity to bottle feed one-year-old jaguar , perseu . ‘ i also played , cuddled and kissed him . with time he became my good friend . ’ the polish volunteer spoke highly of the jaguar and said that ' with time he became my good friend ' . the volunteer stands in the enclosure with the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures . the jaguar breeding project is run by the association for the research and conservation of the wildlife and participates in the preservation and perpetuation of brazilian wildlife , fauna and flora . the original video was uploaded to youtube account : swiatoczamigoski by the polish-based blogger .