in the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath , but did n't know what was plaguing her . so avril lavigne started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out . ' i was up against a lot of doctors that told me i was crazy and that my problems did n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer told abc news on thursday . turns out the complicated hit maker was suffering from lyme disease , which yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have . struggling : avril lavigne told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme disease . she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects . the blonde first shared the news with people magazine in early april that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease . lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite . ' i had no idea a bug bite could do this , ' she told the weekly . ' i was bedridden for five months . i felt like i could n't breathe , i could n't talk and i could n't move . i thought i was dying . i had complete weakness and fatigue . one night i tried to brush my teeth on the tour bus and could n't even stand . ' on the phone : ' i was up against a lot of doctors that told me i was crazy and that my problems did n't exist , ' the 30-year-old singer told abc news . not an easy year : ' i went from doctor to doctor for about eight months , which was unacceptable and frustrating . i found somebody had the knowledge and the expertise of treating it , ' the hello kitty singer explained . ' i actually knew i had it the whole time , probably since the summer ' . on thursday she also told abc news how much of a struggle it was to get help . ' i went from doctor to doctor for about eight months , which was unacceptable and frustrating . i found somebody had the knowledge and the expertise of treating it , ' the hello kitty singer explained . ' i actually knew i had it the whole time , probably since the summer . ' she is talking about her challenges with getting diagnosed now because she wants to help others who are in the same situation . ' i want to bring awareness to hopefully help other people , ' lavigne added . and the canadian said she feels she will be ok in the long run . ' i believe i will come out of this healthier and stronger than i was before , ' the beauty said . the disease has given her ' perspective , ' she added . ' i 've never had this much down time , so it 's been good in that sense . and i'mm really just choosing to look at the positives . ' avril was on the morning show to plug her new song . ' today i am releasing a song , a single for the special olympics called fly . i wrote fly for my foundsation a couple years ago . now i have partnered up with special olympics . all net proceeds got to the special olympics . it 's about inner strength and courage . ' and the message is important to the star . she explained it 's about ' overcome challenges . ' sick : the singer , seen her performing at planet hollywood in may , told people magazine she had no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . ' this song took on a whole new meaning for me during the time that i have been sick , which is pretty magical , ' she added . lavigne went into detail with people , admitting , ' there were definitely times i could n't shower for a full week because i could barely stand . it felt like having all your life sucked out of you . ' symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia . if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years . the disease was recently highlighted after real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster contracted it , who reveled she has lost the ability to read , write or even watch tv because of it . awol : the sk8er boi singer said hubby , nickleback frontman chad kroeger , helped take care of her while she was bedridden for five months . incubation period from infection to onset of symptoms is typically two weeks , although it can be months or even years between the two , so it is impossible to say when the bites occur . avril was between the asian and south american world tour when she first developed symptoms . the musician thinks she may have been bitten last spring , and remembers first waking up one night in april drenched in sweat and feeling feverish . she assumed it was the flu , or even exhaustion and dehydration from touring , but when her symptoms persisted , some friends who were familiar with the disease suggested she might have it . however she said doctors were skeptical and did n't want to test her . after her last public appearance in september she tried to celebrate her 30th birthday in las vegas with friends , but she could not muster the energy . ' it was terrible , '' i could barely eat , and when we went to the pool , i had to leave and go lie in bed , ' she said . ' my friends asked , `` what 's wrong ? '' i did n't know . ' it was only several months later of , after a number of emergency room visits that a specialist finally diagnosed her . since october the popstar holed herself up in her ontario home while she recovers , aided by her mom who came to stay with her , while husband , nickleback frontman chad kroeger took as many breaks as he could from his world tour to be with her . she says support from her fans through social media helped immensely , and she now feels around 80 per cent recovered . she now wanst to raise more awareness about the disease . around 65,000 people in europe are infected every year , and 25,000 americans were diagnosed in 2013 , according to the centers for disease control and prevention . the tick normally has to be attached to the host for 36 hours to transfer the infection . ill : real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster also suffers from the disease . debilitating : foster recently revealed she can no longer read , write or even watch tv because of the condition . 