a violent jamaican drug dealer who evaded deportation for years before he launched a frenzied hammer and knife attack on a young woman in front of her six-year-old daughter could spend the rest of his life behind bars . lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife and smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 last year . after pleading guilty to murder , he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke who told him he may never be released . monster : violent drug dealer lloyd byfield ( left ) who evaded deportation for years launched a brutal and frenzied knife and hammer attack on leighann duffy , 26 , when he burst into her flat in walthamstow , london . judge cooke told byfield he must have had a ' heart of stone ' to have killed ms duffy despite the presence of the young girl who was herself attacked when she tried to intervene . during the old bailey hearing , judge cooke also expressed his ' unhappiness ' at the failure of authorities to deport byfield back to jamaica when he attacked another woman with a chisel and was jailed for burglary in 2005 . he said the murder could have been prevented if he had been sent back to jamaica then . byfield came to the uk in 2000 and was granted indefinite leave to remain on june 29 , 2004 after getting married to a british woman despite being in another relationship with the mother of his child , patricia white . nine days before leave was granted , he stabbed ms white with a chisel . two months later , he broke into her husband 's home and ransacked it . in march 2005 he was jailed for 30 months after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm and burglary . he was ordered to be deported on may 29 , 2007 . at the hearing , judge cooke said : ' i do not know whether when you were in custody any steps were taken to minimise the risk which was represented to women , particularly those with whom you had a relationship . ' it is on any view essential that when men are sentenced for crimes of domestic violence the underlying risk to women is addressed . if it was , it was not successfully addressed . ' you were to be deported but for reasons which can not be explained to me that was never actioned with the result you were here and able to kill a woman . ' byfield claimed he was in love with ms duffy and that she was sleeping with other men . but judge cooke said : ' that is not love . love is caring and cherishing . this was obsessive , possessive , brutality mirroring a wholly wrong attitude to women . ' this was the pinnacle of domestic violence , a scourge which effects the lives of women and children . ' byfield was arrested days after the knife attack when he stopped a pcso in walthamstow high street ( pictured ) saying he was wanted by the police . he told the officer ' the devil came into my head ' . byfield had previous convictions for dealing cannabis in jamaica and continued to do so in the uk , the old bailey heard . he had been staying with a friend in hackney in the days leading up to the killing but was thrown out on august 31 last year . byfield repeatedly tried to contact leighann duffy but she did not answer his calls until the next day . prosecutor crispin aylett qc said : ' it seems that miss duffy had some sort of relationship with this defendant . ' the defendant appears to have become fixated with leighann duffy in the weeks leading up to the murder . ' byfield was captured on cctv travelling from hackney to walthamstow in the early morning of september 1 . he appears to have spoken to miss duffy several times up until 2.33pm and launched his attack some time before 3pm . he banged 18 times on the front door of the flat and then burst into the victim 's living room and stabbed her in the arm and neck . when she begged him to stop , he replied : ' shut up , i do n't love you any more . i hear you are sleeping with other men . ' her six-year-old daughter tried to intervene but was hit on the arm and forced away . witnesses saw ms duffy stagger out of her home bleeding heavily shouting ' help me , help me ' as the killer fled the scene . she was taken by london air ambulance to university college hospital but died of her injuries two days later . a post-mortem at walthamstow mortuary gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the neck . the six-year-old girl received treatment at the scene for an injury but did not need to go to hospital . the murder weapons were recovered from the scene and byfield was quickly identified as a suspect , police said . during the old bailey ( pictured ) hearing , judge cooke expressed his ' unhappiness ' at the failure of authorities to deport byfield back to jamaica when he attacked another woman with a chisel in 2005 . he was arrested days later when he stopped a pcso in walthamstow high street saying he was wanted by the police . he told the officer : ' i 've done it , i 'm not going to fight it . when you love someone , you are not supposed to hurt them but love can make you do stupid things . i think the devil came into my head . ' despite confessing to the officer , he later refused to answer questions . however , forensic evidence at the scene , phone records and witness accounts provided ' overwhelming evidence ' of his guilt , police said . byfield , of no fixed address , showed no reaction as he was led to the cells today . members of the victim 's family shouted ' scumbag ' and ' i hope you rot in hell ' from the public gallery . leighann 's mother ann kerr said in a victim impact statement read out to the court by the prosecutor : ' the day lloyd byfield broke into leighann 's house and attacked and murdered her completely ripped an entire family apart and our family will never be the same again . ' leighann was a joyous woman who loved to laugh . since leighann was murdered the whole family has suffered immense depression with terrible recurring nightmares . ' detective chief inspector glen lloyd , from the homicide and major crime command , said : ' this was a despicable attack on a woman at home with her young child - a place where she was entitled to feel safe . ' byfield has shown callous and murderous intent by forcing his way in and then proceeding to inflict fatal injuries on leighann duffy in a pre-planned attack . ' byfield was motivated by jealously as he had previously wished to pursue a relationship with duffy . '