ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for west brom 's home clash with qpr ... west bromwich albion vs queens park rangers ( the hawthorns ) . team news . west brom . west brom 's craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city . defender mcauley was dismissed by referee neil swarbrick for a foul on wilfried bony which dawson committed and the red card was switched to dawson after a review . craig dawson ( right ) will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony following retrospective action . ben foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the england keeper suffered in the baggies ' last home game against stoke while callum mcmanaman is also out with a foot injury . provisional squad : myhill , rose , gamboa , pocognoli , wisdom , lescott , olsson , mcauley , baird , brunt , morrison , fletcher , yacob , gardner , mulumbu , sessegnon , berahino , anichebe , ideye . qpr . qpr manager chris ramsey has no fresh injury concerns for saturday 's visit to fellow barclays premier league strugglers west brom . on-loan striker mauro zarate has returned to parent club west ham to regain fitness while richard dunne and leroy fer are both out with knee injuries . queens park rangers youngster darnell furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury . darnell furlong is also likely to miss the game with a calf problem and alejandro faurlin is a long-term absentee with a cruciate ligament injury . provisional squad : green , caulker , onuoha , yun , wright-phillips , henry , sandro , phillips , taarabt , austin , hill , mccarthy , kranjcar , hoilett , vargas , zamora , grego-cox . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : west brom 8/11 . draw 23/10 . qpr 9/2 . referee : lee probert . managers : tony pulis ( west brom ) , chris ramsey ( qpr ) . head-to-head league record : west brom wins 16 , draws 9 , qpr wins 12 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . west brom have kept six clean sheets in seven games in all competitions at the hawthorns under tony pulis . queens park rangers have lost 17 of their last 19 premier league away matches ( w1 d1 l17 ) . only two teams in premier league history have ever had fewer points away from home after 14 away matches than qpr ( 3 ) have currently ( sunderland 2 in 2007-08 and burnley 1 in 2009-10 ) . the baggies have won three and lost just one of the five premier league meetings with rangers . qpr have conceded the first goal in 23 of their 30 premier league games this season ; more often than any other team . charlie austin scored a hat-trick for qpr in a 3-2 win over west brom earlier this season at loftus road . rob green has made more errors leading to opposition goals than any other premier league player this season ( 5 ) . joleon lescott has given away three penalties in the premier league this season ; more than any other player . 15 of saido berahino’s 18 competitive goals for wba this season have come at the hawthorns ( 83 per cent ) . harry kane ( 19 ) is the only english player to have scored more premier league goals this season than charlie austin ( 15 ) and saido berahino ( 12 ) . since chris ramsey took the reins at qpr , they have found the net in six of their seven premier league games .