more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years , a survey shows . another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including canada and australia , where the pay is higher and workload less stressful . a poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether . choices : a poll of 15,560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether ( file picture ) . senior gps say they are facing ‘incredible’ pressures brought on by an increasingly ageing population who have complicated illnesses , as well as having to chase targets . their morale is low despite the fact they benefited from a pay deal ten years ago that resulted in their salaries rising by 50 per cent , while allowing them to opt out of working during evenings and weekends . there is now a national recruitment crisis and many surgeries are short-staffed , with increasing numbers of gps retiring or moving abroad . and they are not being replaced by younger trainees , who view the career as ‘ second class’ compared to more prestigious roles as hospital doctors or surgeons . health secretary jeremy hunt last month described the situation as ‘worrying’ and pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries . the british medical association survey , which included gps in their late 20s through to early 60s , found that 34 per cent were considering retiring within the next five years . ' worrying ' : health secretary jeremy hunt ( pictured ) has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries . and a fifth of the 780 trainee gps included in the poll were already considering moving abroad . dr chaand nagpaul , chairman of the bma’s gp committee , said : ‘ this poll lays bare the stark reality of the crisis facing the gp workforce . ‘ it is clear that incredible pressures on gp services are at the heart of this problem , with escalating demand having far outstripped capacity . ‘ gps are overworked and intensely frustrated that they do not have enough time to spend with their patients , especially the increasing numbers of older people with multiple and complex problems . ’ last month , figures showed the number of gps applying to work abroad had increased by 40 per cent in five years . the most popular destinations are australia , new zealand and canada where they can earn the equivalent of £200,000 a year and have more of a work-life balance . gps in england earn an average of £105,000 a year , and many take home considerably more . but they claim they often work 12-hour days or longer , and that ten-minute appointment slots are not sufficient to meet patients’ needs . dr maureen baker , chairman of the royal college of gps , said the shortage of family doctors could have a ‘ devastating impact’ on the future of the nhs .