a father today pleaded not guilty to illegally buying a firearm his 15-year-old son then took to school to kill four of his classmates and take his own life . raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday , nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school then himself . fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a beretta pistol in january 2013 . according to the criminal complaint , the order was against him in tulalip tribal court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her , slapped her and pulled her hair . in court : raymond lee fryberg jr. walks out of the federal courthouse in seattle on thursday after he pleaded not guilty to illegally possessing a firearm . his son jaylen used the gun to kill four classmates last year . support : fryberg , who is accused of lying about whether he had a restraining order against him when he bought the gun in january 2013 , attended court with eight friends and family members . he allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered ' no ' on the federal firearms purchasing form when asked if he was the subject of a restraining order that prohibits him from ' harassing , stalking or threatening your child or an intimate partner ' . fryberg 's lawyer , john henry browne , previously said that ' there was never an order prohibiting him from owning or even purchasing firearms ' from the tribal court . the issue in court will be whether he lied on the federal purchasing form , browne said . michael lee , a lawyer with browne 's firm who attended the arraignment , said ' there is a distinction between what comes from a state court and a tribal court ' in terms of restrictions placed on the subject of the order . lee said they would secure the tribal order through discovery to make that point . had the protection order been filed in a state court instead of the tribal court , it would have been entered into a criminal records database and would have surfaced during a background check . gunman : jaylen fryberg , a freshman , shot dead four of his classmates then himself last october . but the order was never entered into any state or federal criminal databases because of a flawed reporting system between tribes and outside authorities . tribes have long called on the federal government to fix this problem or provide access to the databases so they can enter the orders themselves . after the associated press reported on the problem last week , the u.s. department of justice announced that it would host a conference in august with the tribes to try to resolve the problem . a federal grand jury issued an indictment on april 8 charging fryberg with a single count of unlawful possession of a firearm by a prohibited person . fryberg was released from custody on the condition that he attends his court hearings and stays away from guns . victims : the shooter 's cousin andrew fryberg , 15 , ( left ) was killed , as was girlfriend zoe galasso , 14 ( right ) . reports suggested that the shooter had a crush on galasso and was upset she was dating his cousin . victims : gia soriano , left , and shaylee chuckulnaskit , both 14 , died days after the attack from gun wounds . hit : nate hatch was also shot in the jaw but he survived and has recovered . he is pictured three months ago . he appeared in court on thursday flanked by eight friends and family members . he declined to speak with reporters . if he is convicted on the charge , he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . u.s. magistrate judge mary alice theiler set his trial for june 22 . fryberg 's son , 15-year-old jaylen , used the gun to kill four friends and wound another in the cafeteria of the marysville-pilchuck high school after inviting them to lunch on october 24 , 2014 . the well-liked freshman who had recently been a homecoming prince , shot dead gia soriano , zoe galasso and shaylee chuckulnaskit , all 14 , and andrew fryberg , 15 . he also shot 14-year-old nate hatch in the jaw , but the teenager survived and has recovered .