britain could face another devastating economic crash unless more jobs are created outside the m25 , david cameron warned today . the conservative leader set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside london and the south east to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital . he said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘ on the screens of the traders in the city of london’ . tory leader david cameron says that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘ on the screens of the traders in the city of london’ . chancellor george osborne joined mr cameron to launch a north west manifesto at a train depot in crewe . latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 , and the tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 . mr cameron used a speech in crewer to insist that the economy is the key issue in the general election . ‘i’m clear – our economy isn’t just about the nation’s statistics , it’s about the nation’s families . ‘it’s about the job you do , the chances your children have , the funding we have for our nhs and schools , the hope we have for our future – everything . ’ he warns that as well as securing growth , he wants to rebalance the economy to ensure that ‘ success is felt from north , to south , to east , to west’ . mr cameron said : ‘ i didn’t come into this to create some reckless , booming economy just within the m25 . ‘that’s what we had before . in labour’s britain , where for every ten private sector jobs created in the south , just one was created in the north and the midlands . ‘ in labour’s britain , where the whole weight of our economy rested on massive public borrowing , unsustainable financial services , out-of-control immigration…a house of cards – ready to be blown away should any crisis hit . ’ the conservatives are pledging to ‘ back business to create 2 million new jobs’ , mr cameron said . mr cameron added : ‘ this is my goal – that more than 60 per cent of these will be outside london and the south east . that is what we’ve done in the last parliament . ‘ because my vision has always been of a truly balanced economy , one built to last , one which is seen not just on the screens of the traders in the city of london . ‘ but in the great manufacturing plants of the west midlands and north east , in tech start-ups from dundee to manchester , in the tourist and defence industries of the south west and wales , the life sciences labs of the east of england : a truly national recovery . ’ speaking in crewe , mr osborne said that britain 's future can not depend on ' placing all our bets on the success of the city of london almost 200 miles to the south ' . mr cameron set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside london and the south east to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital . mr cameron was joined by chancellor george osborne to launch the tories ' plan for the north west . in a speech at a train depot in crewe , mr osborne said reiterated his commitment to the northern powerhouse , which includes bringing together high speed rail links , faster county services , new train carriages , extended metrolinks , port facilities , expanded motorways and new roads . he added : ' that northern powerhouse is rooted in the idea that there is nothing inevitable about the gap between the north and south in our country growing ever wider . 'it’s part of a vision that our nation’s future no longer depends on placing all our bets on the success of the city of london almost 200 miles to the south – but that we draw on the skills and ingenuity and wealth-creating potential of all of our country . ' and it’s based on the insight that great as the towns and cities of the north are , they can be greater still as the sum of their parts – if we invest in the communication links , the science , the industry , the education , and we trust our great northern communities with control of their own affairs . ' the tories have been boosted by a string of positive economic news in recent weeks , but it has failed to trigger an uptick in their poll ratings . the employment rate is higher in regions like the south west and east of england than it is in london , according to the office for national statistics . unemployment has continued to fall and a record 31 million people are in work , the last jobless figures before the general election showed last week . the jobless total has fallen by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to february , the lowest for almost seven years . the international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 , beaten only by the united states . imf chief chrstine lagarage heaped praise on chancellor george osborne , telling a press conference in washington : ' when we look at the comparative growth rates delivered by various countries in europe it 's obvious that what is happening in the uk has actually worked . ' and german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble said mr osborne had done ' a wonderful job ' in the past two years after strong economic growth .