she is one of the world 's most iconic models and 50 years after first being discovered , twiggy is still a timeless beauty . want proof ? just cast your eyes upon the 65-year-old 's new m & s campaign , which shows her modelling her summer collection for the high street giant . twiggy promises that her latest collection , which will be available on may 14 , will instantly update your summer wardrobe with its chic colour palette , gorgeous prints and great silhouettes . scroll down for video . supermodel twiggy , 65 , shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new summer range for m & s . twiggy has long been working for the high street store - and has seemingly taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . her new designs include a chic denim jacket , floral and feminine print dress and leopard-print trousers . whilst she looks flawless in the new shoot , the fashion stalwart has admitted that while she has never had cosmetic surgery , she has n't entirely ruled it out . she told woman fashion magazine : ' i have n't had any cosmetic surgery – yet . i 'm not saying i never would , but at the moment , i do n't feel i need to . however , the model added : ' but i am totally against botox . firstly , it 's poisonous – i do n't want botulism in my body thank you very much . secondly , we do n't know the long-term effects . doctors say it disappears in the body , but where ? and i do n't like what it does to people 's faces . ' twiggy has long been working for the high street giant - and has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . her new designs include a chic jumpsuits , fun prints and on-trend sandals perfect for the summer season . twiggy , who is married to actor leigh lawson , 69 , takes a relaxed approach to ageing and seems at peace with her advancing years . ' there 's nothing you can do about getting older . you 've just got to accept it , ' she said . ' it 's no good locking yourself away in a room and crying on your birthday . ' twiggy 's short cropped haircut helped propel her to stardom in the swinging sixties , but nearly 50 years later , she is embracing her longer locks and will not be pressured into cutting them short . twiggy - real name lesley hornby - has rubbished the beauty rule which says that as a women gets older , her hair should get shorter . she has blonde hair that falls well past her shoulders and is the face of l'oreal hair products . now and then : twiggy 's short cropped haircut helped propel her to stardom in the swinging sixties , but nearly 50 years later , she is embracing her longer locks and will not be pressured into cutting them short . loved up : twiggy has been married to actor leigh lawson since 1988 and the pair attended the premiere of far from the madding crowd in london on wednesday .  