michael owen surprised television viewers and pundits alike by completely dismissing charlie adam 's 66-yard strike against chelsea as a potential goal of the season contender . revealing his controversial standpoint on bt sport 's fletch and sav show on saturday , the former england international striker sparked a debate between his colleagues in the studio . ' i think if you asked a hundred footballers in general to go and try to re-enact them [ each of the four superb goals from adam , bobby zamora , wayne rooney and jermain defoe last weekend ] the next day , i think more people would be able to kick the ball far and straight . ' michael owen sparked a debate whilst speaking alongside former liverpool team-mate steve mcmanaman . the former england striker said he did n't believe charlie adam 's strike was worthy of goal of the season . owen 's comments surprised his colleagues on bt sport 's fletch and sav show on saturday . owen , who scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool , real madrid , newcastle , manchester united and stoke , appreciated a degree of expertise to execute such a shot but was minimally impressed . ' just one long kick . there 's a lot of skill in it , but goal of the season ? do me a favour ! ' co-anchor and ex-player robbie savage waded in following owen 's outburst , and former liverpool star and fellow pundit steve mcmanaman was not far behind . ' you [ owen ] scored a thousand goals and you could n't do it , ' former leicester midfielder savage added . ' you 're talking about 100 footballers , ' mcmanaman highlighted , ' and we could n't do what charlie adam did ( pointing to savage , owen and himself ) . ' charlie adam ( centre ) lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at chelsea . adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half . refusing to back down 35-year-old owen remained resolute : ' the only reason you could n't and potentially could n't [ score a goal like adam ] is because you could n't reach [ the goal ] . you could kick the ball hard and far ... it 's just whether you could do it that far . ' ' so we could n't do it ! ' mcmanaman confirmed . clearly feeling backed into a corner by his cohorts owen pointed at savage : ' he could n't score rooney 's [ turn and volley against aston villa ] . ' ' i could , ' savage barked . ' i could score defoe 's [ long range volley against newcastle ] . i 've scored defoe 's for wales . twice . two worldies . ' qpr 's bobby zamora ( left ) gets in front of joleon lescott to score against west brom last saturday . jermain defoe ( centre ) smashes home to seal a vital derby win for sunderland at the stadium of light . wayne rooney swivels to blast a right-footed shot into the top corner of aston villa 's net on saturday . responding to the comments about his strike at stamford bridge , scotland international adam hit back at his skeptic . taking to his personal twitter account the 29-year-old wrote : ' @ themichaelowen was a great player in his day but if he even thought about it his hamstring would go.. ' upon finding out , owen 's claws were still well and truly out . ' he could n't run fast enough to pull his hamstring could charlie ' . we await adam 's response with bated breath .