a daredevil climber known as the ‘ french spiderman’ has scaled the world’s tallest twisted skyscraper – without a safety harness . french climber alain robert climbed dubai 's 1,007ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist , for assistance . hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees . alain robert climbed the tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist . the 52-year-old has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world . robert , who has suffered numerous falls during previous climbs , took an hour and a half to scale the high-rise building in the united arab emirates . the climb was captured on video and shows the daredevil ascending at 8.25pm without a harness while struggling to find space for his feet on the narrow ledges . a spotlight follows his progress as spectators below look up and film the stunt on their camera phones and robert makes his way over a hanging ledge . the french daredevil set off at 8.25pm and the climb took him an hour and a half to complete . hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower . at one point robert stands from the building and waves a flag in homage to real estate developers , cayan group , who gave him permission to climb the tower . previously robert has been arrested , imprisoned and banned from locations across the world including london 's shard for illegal ascent . the climbing feat is not the first to be achieved by the french spiderman in dubai . robert has previously been arrested , imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent . sense of scale : a spotlight follows the daredevil 's progression as he makes his way up the buidling . in 2011 , robert scaled the world’s tallest tower , the burj khalifa , which stands at 2,717ft , in just over six hours . the daredevil used a rope and a harness on this occasion however , in compliance with regulations set by the organiser .