a turkish teenager returned home from work to find his entire family were dead from suspected food poisoning . abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , his 43-year-old wife antika , and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of alintepe in the country 's eastern agri province . turkish authorities believe the family , which included siblings as young as three-years-old , died of food poisoning . kemal zeyat , 19 , had returned from work to his family home to find his six younger siblings ( two of whom are pictured and his parents were dead . mr and mrs zeyat , and six of their children ( one of whom is pictured ) are thought to have died from food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning purposes . other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting . purposes . the only survivor was the couple 's eldest son , kemal zeyat , 19 , who had been out at work in the north-western city of istanbul . he is now receiving counselling to try to come to terms with the devastating loss . tragically , father mr zeyat - who would normally have been working away from home - had popped home to see his family when he too became a victim of the gas leak or food poisoning and died . the bodies of the family were found at the turkish home ( pictured being attended by police ) by neighbours who became concerned after they noticed the house had been unusually quiet . friends and neighbours called an ambulance but the family was pronounced dead at the scene . kemal is now receiving counselling for the tragedy . the shocking discovery was made by the zeyat family 's neighbours . residents nearby had been concerned after they noticed the house and yard - usually filled with children laughing and playing - was eerily silent . when they went to check if everything was ok , they discovered the bodies of the children , aged between 3 and 18 years old , and of the parents . neighbour ates demir , 43 , said : ' nobody answered the door , so we broke it down . they looked so peaceful , lying there as if they were asleep , but they did n't wake up and we could n't see any signs of breathing . ' we called an ambulance but all they could do was to confirm everyone was dead . ' an investigation is currently under way into the cause of their deaths , according to village head idris ceri , 59 . the bodies have been taken to doğubayazit state hospital 's morgue for autopsy .