it might look like something plucked straight from the future , but chevrolet’s latest innovation is actually their vision of tomorrow’s self-driving electric vehicle . called the chevrolet-fnr , it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features . the car is only a concept for now , but offers a glimpse and what some manufacturers are planning for the upcoming self-driving car era . general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car ( shown ) . it has ' dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ' crystal laser headlights ' . the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . it was developed in shanghai by gm’s pan asia technical automotive centre ( patac ) joint venture . chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future . ’ the ‘ aim was to create a unique , intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology , ’ said gm . it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ‘dragonfly’ dual swing doors that open upwards . the car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby for self-driving mode , and you can even turn on the car with your eyes , thanks to its iris recognition start . the car is self-driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round ( shown ) . and using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes . the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week ( shown ) . chevrolet said the car offered a ‘ glimpse at mobility of the future ' . the ‘ aim was to create a unique , intelligent vehicle for tomorrow’s younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology , ’ said the company . while in self-driving mode , the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180 degrees to face the rear seats , so the driver can talk to their passengers . using a gesture control feature , though , the driver can switch to manual control mode whenever they want . chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet . ‘ the fnr concept reaffirms chevrolet’s commitment to offer electric vehicles that meet customer’s lifestyles and are within their reach , ’ said alan batey , head of global chevrolet . at the event chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its malibu range , the bolt ev concept vehicle and the 2015 captiva . self-driving cars may be a way to take your eyes off the road and relax a little , but they can also increase travel sickness , research has found . the research was carried out by michael sivak and brandon schoettle from the university of michigan transportation research institute . they asked more than 3,200 adults across the us , india , china , japan , great britain and australia what kinds of activities they would do instead of driving in a fully self-driving vehicle . more than a third of americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness , including reading , texting , watching movies or television , playing games or working . more than half of indians , 40 per cent of chinese and up to 30 per cent of adults in japan , great britain and australia said they would also engage in these kinds of activities . the figures suggest that once autonomous vehicles become more mainstream as many as 12 per cent of people will feel ill in the vehicles at some point during a journey . the car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby while in self-driving mode . chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet . at the event chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its malibu range ( shown ) , the bolt ev concept vehicle and the 2015 captiva .