four south african men accused of stabbing a mozambican man to death in an anti-immigrant attack in a johannesburg township appeared in court today . the brutal murder of emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . four south african men suspected of killing mozambican national emmanuel sithole in alexandra township in an apparent xenophobic attack , are arraigned at the wynberg magistrate court in johannesburg . the brutal attack on mr sithole in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday was captured on camera by a local journalist and published across the world the following day . they show the four men surrounding the mozambican man , before repeatedly stabbing him with knives and bludgeoning him with a wrench in broad daylight . witnesses took mr sithole to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . mr sithole was taken to hospital where he later died , the cause of death was established as a direct stab wound to the heart . the four men accused of his murder will remain in custody until a full trial , set to be held on may 4th . horror : the brutal murder of emmanuel sithole in a township near johannesburg was captured on camera . brutal : the four men surrounded mr sithole , before repeatedly stabbing him with knives and bludgeoning him with a wrench in broad daylight . no mercy : one of the men can be seen beating mr sithole with a wench , while another grabs a shovel and a third holds a blade . the south african army has been deployed to areas that remain volatile after a spate of attacks targeting immigrants , the defense minister announced on tuesday . soldiers have already been sent to support police in troubled areas , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula said in a live broadcast . the minister made the announcement in alexandra , a johannesburg township where a zimbabwean couple survived a shooting overnight . the man and woman were both shot in their necks and the woman suffered an additional shot in her leg , the minister said . both zimbabweans were treated and discharged from hospital . troops have also been sent to durban , the coastal city where the attacks on foreigners began , mapisa-nqakula said . the violence has been concentrated in areas of johannesburg and durban where poor immigrants and south africans live . the recent spate of attacks has mainly affected immigrants from african states like malawi , mozambique and zimbabwe , according to a statement from the aid group , doctors without borders . a woman and man washes outside a shelter for displaced foreigners in east of johannesburg . in response to the recent violence , the south african army has been deployed to areas in that remain volatile after a spate of attacks targeting immigrants , the defense minister announced on tuesday . a view of an informal settlement where foreign nationals were displaced in east of johannesburg . anti-immigrant riots , such as this in the jeppestown suburb of johannesburg last week , has spread across south africa and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . the south african attacks on foreigners have angered many in other african countries . in malawi , nearly 2,000 protesters marched to the south african high commission , demonstrating against the wave of violence , said billy mayaya , a human rights activist . a diplomat at the south african mission said earlier that there were several hundred marchers . ' south africa , why kill your fellow blacks ? ' read one poster carried by the singing demonstrators in the capital lilongwe . the march organizers called on the south african government to do more to protect immigrants and handed a petition to south african high commissioner cassandra mbuyane-mokone . nearly 400 malawians returned home on monday , travelling overnight by bus from south africa , malawi 's information minister kondwani nankhumwa said .