a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox jewish home in israel has revealed the intriguing rituals , ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images . yaakov naumi’s fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her . naumi , 32 , who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school , admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ‘ look strange’ . scroll down for video . a jewish man lies in an open grave that 's had a body removed from it in a ritual that he believes will help prolong his life . a strictly orthodox rabbi dances the ' mitzvah tantz ' at the wedding of his grand-daughter in bnei brak . he 's not allowed to touch the bride at any point . according to the jewish holy torah , it is prohibited to touch a woman to whom you are not married . a ceremony - known as a ‘tisch’ - to commemorate jews being rescued from a genocidal act in ancient persia . a jewish woman walking a chicken with a piece of rope . she will then have swung the chicken over her head in a ritual to transfer her sins of the past year to the animal . writing for flash90.com , he said : ‘ over time i learned to step out of my perspective and look at them [ rituals and customs ] with different eyes , with the eyes of an outsider . then , even the simplest ceremony looks strange . ‘ but no doubt , i was born and raised haredi [ ultra orthodox ] which allows me to understand and follow external appearances and corresponding behaviours . ‘ over time i realised that when western culture touches upon haredi culture , then the haredim appear to themselves as strange . ’ naumi trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press , behadrey haredim , and revealed that despite his ultra orthodox background , his work there meant he encountered rituals and traditions that he’d never seen before . hundreds of orthodox jews snaking around in a dance in jerusalem to protest against a government proposal to make military service in the haredi community compulsory . dozens of hands reach for a baby in a ritual known as ‘ pidyon ha ben’ . it 's taking place in bnei brak and its purpose is to redeem the baby . jewish men perform the tashlich ritual , where they throw food into a body of water to cast out their sins . this ceremony is called the ' redemption of the first born donkey ' and sees a donkey and a sheep decorated in pearls . thousands of orthodox jews gathered at the funeral of rabbi yosef shalom elyashiv in jerusalem . the wedding ceremony of rabbi shalom rokach to hana batya pener was attended by tens of thousands of orthodox jews . the israeli flag is burnt at the ' lag ba'omer ritual which commemorates the death of the 2nd-century jewish miracle worker rabbi shimon bar yochai . he added : ‘ my purpose with this series is not to show the haredi as odd , but instead to empower the essence of their rituals . ’ one of the most striking images in the series is that of a rabbi dancing the ‘ mitzvah tantz’ at a wedding . the ritual sees a rope tied to a bride and a rabbi , plus the fathers and brothers of the groom , dance around her . it’s important that they don’t come into contact with her at any point , as they follow a teaching in the jewish holy torah that says that touching a woman you’re not married to is prohibited . another image shows a jewish woman walking a chicken with a piece of rope . she will then have swung the chicken over her head in a ritual to transfer her sins of the past year to the animal . four plant species - palm stalk , citrus , myrtle and willow branches - are held during the ' hoshana rabbah ' ritual . strictly orthodox children of the chassidic nadvorna dynasty attend a “chumash” party celebrating receiving the first book of the ‘torah’ , the jewish written law . a young boy peers through the stands where strictly orthodox jews gathered for the traditional jewish wedding of chananya yom tov lipa , the great-grandson of the rabbi of the wiznitz hasidic followers , in the town of bnei brak . strictly orthodox jews gather for the traditional jewish wedding of chananya yom tov lipa , the great-grandson of the rabbi of the wiznitz hasidic followers , in the town of bnei brak . strictly orthodox jews follow an ancient biblical command and harvest wheat with a hand sickle in a field near the central israeli town of modi’in . they will store the wheat for almost a year and then use it to grind flour to make unleavened bread for the week-long jewish holiday of passover . a strictly orthodox jew of the lelov chassidic dynasty whips another strictly orthodox man with a leather strap as a symbolic punishment for their sins as they perform the traditional malkot ceremony in a synagogue in the town of bet shemeshm . strictly orthodox jewish women wearing full covering as a means of modesty walk through the neighborhood of meah shearim . to westerners , lying in an open grave , meanwhile , would be shocking behaviour . but for strictly orthodox jews , it’s a practice they believe will lengthen life . naumi photographed a man in white overalls peacefully lying in an open grave from which a body had been taken out . the photojournalist also produced pictures of a dance taking place during the jewish holiday of ‘purim’ . he caught the performers kneeling head to head on a table and it seems at first that they may be wrestling . they are in fact taking part in a ceremony – known as a ‘tisch’ - to commemorate jews being rescued from a genocidal act in ancient persia . a dance is also the subject of another image that’s just as captivating . it shows hundreds of orthodox jews snaking around in a dance in jerusalem to protest against a government proposal to make military service in the haredi community compulsory . naumi said that if his photographs make someone stop and ask ‘ what is this ? ’ , then he has succeeded . 