what if they come fifth ? manchester city may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer , with yaya toure and samir nasri among the high-profile casualties , but what if liverpool reel them in over the next six matches ? city are four points clear and have a superior goal difference , which equates to five , yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable . for a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy and matches against the much-improved aston villa and even queens park rangers can no longer be viewed with certainty . yaya toure ( centre ) has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to last season 's title . manuel pellegrini ( second right ) trudges off the pitch after manchester city were beaten by crystal palace . future opponents swansea city and southampton have little to play for — yet neither did crystal palace . the long-term plan is plain : pep guardiola , at his convenience , probably in 2016 . yet where will city be by then ? an overhaul of playing personnel is due , but there has been scant evidence manuel pellegrini or director of football txiki begiristain are adept at identifying replacements . eliaquim mangala was supposed to be a different class to joleon lescott , but the premier league’s most expensive defender can not command a place in the team ; stevan jovetic is no carlos tevez ; fernando no great upgrade on gareth barry or nigel de jong . toure is in obvious decline , but his influence on city’s two title winning seasons was huge . can pellegrini and begiristain be trusted to find a replacement capable of toure’s impact ? not on the evidence of their recent signings . jesus navas ? martin demichelis ? even fernandinho is not as good as he was at shakhtar donetsk . the powers that be at city are waiting for pep guardiola to leave bayern munich for manchester . and what if city are caught and condemned to the europa league ? what happens to this lavish rebuilding plan then ? take away the champions league money and city’s financial capacity is not really much greater than tottenham’s . pellegrini has performed weakly this season and keeping him on another year while marking time for guardiola is a giant gamble . roberto mancini got city into the elite in the nick of time with the financial fair play regulations about to be introduced . locked outside , city’s capacity to improve would be severely limited . would guardiola even come in those circumstances ? great manager he may be , but not one that has shown any burning desire to work off the same budget as everton .