izaak gillen ( above ) , seven months , was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter 's oregon city home . he was pronounced dead the next day . a seven-month-old boy 's death has been ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter and later died . izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day , said oregon city police sgt . matthew paschall . detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture , according to oregonlive . justin and stacy gillen , the boy 's parents , said on wednesday in a statement that they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son and that they plan to donate some of his organs . ' izaak was an inquisitive and curious little boy , who explored the world with a twinkle in his eyes and a smile on his face , ' the couple said . ' he was our happy beautiful little baby . although this is a tragic event , we take some comfort knowing izaak was able to save the lives of other children by donating 3 of his organs . ' in his seven months , izaak touched many lives . ' no arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to izaak 's injury , according to the portland tribune . the incident occurred on april 6 when authorities were called to the babysitter 's home on 9th street around 1pm . izaak was then taken to the hospital where it was discovered he had a skull fracture , said paschall . the state medical examiner 's office determined the child 's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy . paschall told koin 6 news that the parents are coping as best as they can following the incident , and that they have been ' great in helping with the investigation and doing everything they can to make sure we get all of the facts straight ' . he also said he is confident no other children are in danger following the incident saying investigators and detectives have taken steps to ensure everyone is safe . ' ultimately the goal is to arrest who is responsible for this and hold them accountable , ' said paschall . the state medical examiner 's office concluded the child 's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy ( above file photo of randall children 's hospital where izaak later died from the injury ) .