flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world , but it remains full of mystery for the average traveller . curious passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane – from whether pilots require a key to start a plane to where flight attendants sleep on long-haul flights . mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes . scroll down for video . once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane , the remaining steps are done automatically . how do pilots start a plane ? it’s not as simple as turning a key or pushing a single button . starting a plane is ‘ a little more complicated’ than starting a car , said captain piers applegarth , a representative of the british airline pilots association ( balpa ) . the retired training captain said an air start motor rotates the jet engines before adding fuel and starting the ignition . he said : ‘ this means that there are a few levers and buttons that need to be moved . on modern aircraft , most of this is done automatically once the start sequence is initiated but a pilot can still start it manually . ’ flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all . is the crew served the same food as passengers ? if meals are provided by the airline , pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy . to reduce the risk of food poisoning , the captain and co-pilot usually eat different meals , said mr applegarth . like passengers , the flight crew can bring their own food on board , but the meals provided to them are the same or variations of the meals provided to passengers in business class . caterers will sometimes load meals designated specifically for the crew , said patrick smith , a pilot and author of cockpit confidential . he said : ‘ at my airline we are given a menu prior to departure and will write down our entree preferences – first choice , plus at least one alternate . ‘ eating in the cockpit can be messy , so on international flights i usually take my meals in the cabin , on my rest break . ‘ with potential illness in mind , pilots are encouraged to eat different entrees , but this is not a hard and fast rule . in practice it comes to down to your preferences and what’s available . ’ flight attendant sarah steegar , who works for a major us airline , said if – ‘ and that’s a big if’ – an airline provides food to cabin crew it will be the same food that is served to passengers . but it’s rare for some airlines to provide meals to flight attendants on flights under 12 hours , she added . ‘ if there are meals left over we can have that . many of us try to bring our own food , but it’s a challenge , considering periods of time with no refrigerators and different liquid restrictions and customs laws . ‘ fun fact : the uk is the most difficult when it comes to trying to bring food for ourselves . ’ the airbus a350 has private sleeping quarters for flight attendants on long-haul flights . where do pilots and cabin crew sleep and go to the loo ? planes that fly long-haul routes which require more than two pilots usually contain private bunks for the flight crew , said mr applegarth . in other cases pilots try to catch some shut-eye in special rest seats allocated for them within or near the cockpit , or within the passenger cabin , he added . mr applegarth said : ‘ generally flights less than about 10 hours and 30 minutes only carry two pilots . for longer flights extra pilots are carried so that each pilot can have a chance to sleep and be rested for the landing . ’ the airbus a380 , which is the world’s largest passenger airliner , has private sleeping quarters below its decks which flight attendants use for rest . mr smith said : ‘ flight attendants also work in shifts , and similarly to the pilots their rest quarters can either be a designated block of cabin seats or a separate room somewhere . ‘ many flight attendant rest quarters are located in the far aft of the plane , above or below the main deck , and can accommodate six or more cabin crew simultaneously . ’ when nature calls , flight and cabin crew on most planes use the same toilets as passengers . the boeing 747 , the original jumbo jet , has a lavatory just for pilots . prior to any flight the crew will verify that the toilets have been serviced and the waste tanks are empty . what happens if a toilet’s tank fills up ? the toilets can not be emptied in the sky , so that means all of the human waste is stored on board until the plane lands and a ground crew empties the tanks . ‘ if the toilet becomes full then it is out of action and the flight attendants block out the toilet so it ca n't be used , ’ said mr applegarth . prior to any long-haul flight the crew will verify that the toilets have been serviced and the waste tanks are empty , mr smith added . he said : ‘ it seldom happens , but if a particular lavatory tank fills or overflows en route , that lav will be closed off . it 's extremely unusual for all of the lavs to become unusable – a serious situation that could result in the flight being diverted . ’ pilots monitor multiple frequencies and occasionally chat with other pilots about turbulence . do commercial pilots communicate with other pilots during a flight ? mr applegarth said pilots are always monitoring multiple frequencies and occasionally chat with other pilots who are in the air . he said : ‘ we are always listening out on one frequency that air traffic are using and we use another radio tuned to a special frequency to listen out for aircraft which may have an emergency . ‘ we also have a chat frequency that we can use to share information such as turbulence . ’ the amount of fuel that is consumed depends on the aircraft type , altitude , flight path and weather . how much jet fuel is required ? a jet engine typically burns about 2,400 pounds ( approximately 1,100 litres ) of fuel per hour , with planes carrying a lot more fuel than required for the individual trip . mr applegarth said : ‘ for a flight we load an amount of fuel that is the sum of the fuel needed to fly the route , an extra amount added for contingency – for instance , in case we have to hold – some extra fuel so that we could divert to another airfield and we also have to land with a minimum amount of fuel even if we used all the fuel just mentioned . ‘ so after a flight we always have a minimum of fuel on board . on top of this , pilots can also decide to add extra fuel for each trip if they think it will be needed above and beyond that above . ’ mr smith said the amount of fuel that is consumed depends on the aircraft type , altitude , flight path and weather . a boeing 767 on a flight from london to new york would burn about 75,000 pounds of jet fuel ( 34,020 litres ) , while a boeing 747 or an airbus a380 might use twice that amount , he said . condensation trails are similar to the fog that results when a person exhales on a cold day . why do planes leave long white trails in the sky ? these condensation trails form when humid exhaust from jet engines cools very quickly in colder and dryer air at higher altitudes . mr smith said : ‘ it 's not unlike the fog that results when you exhale on a cold day . in other words , contrails are clouds . ‘ water vapour , strange as it might seem , is a by-product of the combustion within jet engines , which is where the humidity comes from . ’ ' not even the world 's strongest man would be able to open ' a plane door in mid-air , said one expert . what would happen if a plane’s door suddenly opened mid-flight ? this ranks among passengers’ biggest fears , but mr applegarth said it is extremely unlikely , if not impossible , for someone to open the door as the pressure inside the plane is much greater than the pressure outside . he said : ‘ this means the door is being forced closed . not even the world 's strongest man would be able to open it . ’ mr smith added : ‘ in addition to any mechanical latching , most aircraft doors open inward before they open outward , and like a drain plug they are held in place by the forces of the pressurised cabin . ‘ if a door were to open somehow the result would be a very quick decompression , though in all likelihood not a destructive or catastrophic one . ’ margins on the average economy class ticket are similarly thin , said pilot and author patrick smith . how much money does an airline pocket from each ticket sale ? a recent travelzoo study found that british airways’ profit margin for each £690 ticket it sold for a flight from london to new york was just £4.24 , accounting for 0.61 per cent of the overall cost . almost the entire cost of the return flight went towards taxes , surcharges and operating costs . mr smith said budget airlines probably make nothing from their super-cheap promotional fares , and margins on the average economy class ticket are similarly thin . ‘ margins on a premium-class long-haul fare costing thousands of pounds , on the other hand , will be much higher , ’ he said .