following heavy defeats at tikrit in iraq and the appalling costly siege of kobane , islamic state have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats . the image of the rules began to circulate on social media , two weeks after islamic state was forced to abandon the iraqi city of tikrit . with isis propaganda team releasing endless sets of dull publicity photos from life inside iraq and syria , the senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of problems within the group 's territory . the media crackdown appears to be an attempt by isis senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group 's defeats or internal problems . some isis supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at tikrit . specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of isis fighters , have been deemed by isis as a breach of online security . perhaps the strangest and most unclear rule reads : ' the stupendous spread of mujahideen along a specific locations ' it appears unknown what the extremist group meant by ' the stupendous spread of mujahideen . ' whilst it remains unknown how islamic state will manage to enforce these rules , the jihadi group has previously struggled to keep any control of its fighters and supporters on social media . one exasperated isis supporter wrote : ' brothers , please stop posting news about anything in tirkit or ramadi walla . you are doing more harm to the mujahideen than good . fear allah . ' some of the rules , particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and the use of tactics , appears to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters . islamic state fighter mark taylor , originally from new zealand , shot to fame after accidentally tweeting his location whilst fighting in syria . taylor forgot to turn off the geo-locator setting on his account , allowing intelligence services to successfully track his every movement . he even managed to give away where he was living in al-tabaqah , south west raqqa . known as ali al-farsi , 19-year-old ali kalantar 's death was first tweeted by halane , under the nom de guerre , umm jafar al-britaniyah . british terror twin zahra halane ( left ) and kiwi fighter mark taylor ( right ) , have both been criticised by isis supporters for giving away information on fighters and locations . islamic state commander fear that with the deadly coalition air strikes decimating their ranks , such lapses in security is proving costly . in particular female jihadis have been criticized by fellow isis supporters for their loose lipped attitude on social media . one of the british terror twins , zahra halane , has previously broken the rules by announcing the death of her husband on social media . known as ali al-farsi , 19-year-old ali kalantar 's death was first tweeted by halane , under the nom de guerre , umm jafar al-britaniyah . halane quickly deleted the tweets but not before a screenshot had sent them viral . islamic state propaganda remains highly important to their strategy for recruitment and legitimacy . isis media continue to churn out endless propaganda photos from inside isis territory . islamic state fighters have recently made worrying gains near the iraqi city of ramadi , anbar province . shiite paramilitary groups and other reinforcements are reportedly heading to ramadi to provide support against the isis threat . new propaganda photos from anbar province claim that isis were warmly welcomed as they entered a nearby town near ramadi . islamic state continue to launch new offensives , targeting the strategic iraqi oil fields at baiji and the city of ramadi in anbar province . islamic state continue to launch new offensives , targeting the strategic iraqi oil fields at baiji and the city of ramadi in anbar province . using suicide bombers to destroy the surrounding fence , islamic state fighters have been managed to fight their way inside the oil field compound in salahuddin province . parts of the oil fields have frequently changed hands between the iraqi army and militants from islamic state . due to its remote desert location , it has proved to be a difficult base to maintain . newly published photos and a brief video shows dozens of isis fighters celebrating inside the oil field 's facilities . it remains unknown how long they will manage to hold out before the baghdad forces re-take it . using suicide bombers to destroy the surrounding fence , islamic state fighters have been managed to fight their way inside the oil field compound . situated in salahuddin province , the baiji oil fields has long been seen as a key stategic target for islamic state . it remains unknown how long they will manage to hold out before the baghdad forces re-take it . newly published photos and a brief video shows dozens of isis fighters celebrating inside the oil fields facilities .   