world boxing champion kell brook enjoyed an evening at the darts as he watched the premier league road show come to his home town of sheffield on thursday . less than two weeks after his successful ibf welterweight title defence against jo jo dan , the 28-year-old received another hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd . brook watched on as dave chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks . kell brook received a hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd in sheffield on thursday . brook enjoyed a night out at the premier league darts in his home town of sheffield . kell brook is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin . chisnall recorded a 7-3 victory over world champion gary anderson before returning later in the evening to thrash james wade 7-1 . that was wade 's second loss of the night having been beaten by adrian lewis 7-4 in the opening match at the motorpoint arena . ' it 's nice to get two wins because it was always going to be hard , ' chisnall told pdc.tv . ' i felt comfortable throughout the night and i got a great start by defeating gary . the world boxing champion is introduced to the crowd at the motorpoint arena . dave chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place . adrian lewis 7-4 james wade . gary anderson 3-7 dave chisnall . phil taylor 2-7 raymond van barneveld . stephen bunting 5-7 michael van gerwen . dave chisnall 7-1 james wade . ' it was always going to be a confidence boost beating the world champion and i just wanted to take the same game up on stage against james , which i did . ' i 've done my job by winning two out of two , and i played well - importantly i finished well tonight . i felt good up on stage but i 've put a lot of practice in and it 's all working out . ' this time last year i was on seven points , so it 's a big improvement to be up to 17 already . ' chisnall is second in the premier league table behind the only unbeaten man in the tournament michael van gerwen , who snatched a 7-5 victory against stephen bunting for his eighth win in 10 . raymond van barneveld beat phil taylor 7-2 to inflict the power 's fourth defeat in five . michael van gerwen saw off stephen bunting 7-5 to maintain his place at the top of the table . ' i was n't at my best tonight but i got the win and another two points so i 'm happy with that , ' said the 2014 world champion . ' i missed a lot of doubles but i produced the darts when i needed to . ' phil taylor , meanwhile , suffered his fourth defeat in five as he was beaten by his rival raymond van barneveld 7-2 . the 16-time world champion sits fourth in the table but is only ahead of lewis and wade on leg difference with van barneveld just one point behind . 