since 2013 , dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere . now the controversial british professor claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles ( 40km ) above the planet . he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ' six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height . ' dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere for several years . pictured are one of the so-called ' ghost particles ' that the researcher claims to be proof of extraterrestrial life forms . his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community . the organisms , he claims , are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to ' seed ' alien life on earth . dr wainwright announced the discovery in an email to his students at sheffield university , who posted it on reddit . ' we sent balloons and a sampler and found no pollen or grass , nothing up there to contaminate , it was completely pristine , ' dr wainwright told jason koebler at motherboard . ' for these reasons , we think [ the organisms ] are coming from space , ' he added . ' all the time when you walk outside , you are being pelted with organisms that come from space . ' he said that his latest discoveries has been accepted in the journal astrobiology and outreach . dr milton wainwright ( right ) claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles ( 40km ) above the planet . he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ' six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height ' . dr wainwright 's research has been widely criticised by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence . ' the critics claim that the samples we obtained must have come from earth , that it that there must be a mechanism which can lift these particles from earth to the stratosphere , ' dr wainwright told dailymail.com . panspermia is a theory that suggests life spreads across the known physical universe , hitchhiking on comets or meteorites . for example , life such as extremophiles , capable of surviving the inhospitable conditions of space , could become trapped in debris that is ejected into space after collisions between asteroids and planets that harbour life . these life-forms may travel dormant for an extended amount of time before colliding randomly with other planets . the idea of directed panspermia , however , suggests that lifeforms are deliberately sent out through the universe by intelligent civilizations . professor francis crick , one of the biologists who discovered the structure of dna , examined the possibility of this in a paper in 1973 . however , professor crick and his ccolleagues concluded that the scientific evidence was ' inadequate at the present time to say anything about the probability ' . ' however , we have provided evidence that the dna-containing masses , plus other strange organisms we have isolated are not associated with pollen , grass and fungal spores on our sampler . ' if our organisms came from earth they must be contaminated with common earth organisms and they are not . ' ' we will probably not be believed until nasa repeats our findings , ' he added . ' i suspect that nasa they will then try and take the credit by claiming that their methods were somehow more sterile or precise . ' earlier this year , the astrobiologist revealed an image of what he said was a tiny metal ball spewing out a ' gooey ' substance in samples gathered by a balloon in the earth 's stratosphere . dr wainwright said the ball , which is about the width of a human hair , could be an example of directed panspermia . this describes the belief that life was deliberately sent to earth by some unknown extraterrestrial civilisation . he argued that the strange material coming from the titanium ball is biological and could in fact be a colony of tiny microorganisms . however , he conceded it is virtually impossible to prove that the tiny sphere was sent by aliens from outer space . dr wainwright said the sphere made a tiny ' impact crater ' on the sampler that was attached to the balloon as it collected dust and particles in the atmosphere . he added : ' the sphere made an impact crater on the sampling stub . this proves beyond doubt that the particle was travelling at speed from space when it was sampled . ' dr wainwright and his team discovered the sphere when examining samples of dust and particulate matter collected by a balloon sent around 16 miles into the atmosphere . the metal sphere found by dr wainwright and his colleagues ( above ) appears to be oozing goo from its side . using x-ray analysis to examine the sphere , he concluded that it was made from titanium and traces of vanadium , while the material appearing to come out of the side was biological . they found that it also had a 'fungus-like knitted mat-like covering ' . dr wainwright and his colleagues have published their findings in the journal of cosmology but their conclusions have yet to be corroborated by other scientists . the journal often publishes papers on astrobiology but is highly controversial among scientists as it has been criticised for its peer review process and for publishing papers of a fringe variety . two years ago it controversially published a paper that claimed to have identified fossils of microbiotic life in a meteorite , sparking a blaze of publicity , but was also met with a great deal of skepticism . the idea that life can survive high the earth 's atmosphere , however , is not new . scientists working with nasa recently discovered bacteria living up to five miles above the earth 's surface . however , most scientists believe they are likely to have been carried up from earth rather than having an extraterrestrial origin . air currents and winds are known to be capable of carrying dust and bacteria for hundreds of miles and high into the atmosphere . but research has shown that microorganisms can survive the intense heat and pressures of entering the earth 's atmosphere from space , raising the prospect that life may have originally been carried here . some astrobiologists believe life started on earth after being carried here on a comet or asteroid , while others believe it is more likely that the basic chemical building blocks were carried in this way rather than established life . however , the idea of directed panspermia has been proposed by some heavyweight scientists . professor francis crick , one of the team who one a nobel prize for discovering the structure of dna , examined whether it was possible that organisms could have been deliberately transmitted to the earth by intelligent beings from another planet . dr wainwright used balloons similar to this one above to collect samples from the stratsophere . he eventually concluded that there was insufficient scientific evidence to support such a claim . dr wainwright , however , insists his findings may help to provide some of that evidence . ' unless of course we can find details of the civilisation that is supposed to have sent it in this respect it is probably an unprovable theory , ' he added . professor chandra wickramasinghe , an astrobiologist at the university of buckinghamshire and editor of the journal of cosmology , said : ' i think more work needs to be done on this particular structure , for example to study its dna , if it has any . ' but already there is clear proof from many directions to confirm that we are constantly bombarded by fragments of comets that carry living microorganisms . ' nigel watson , author of the ufo investigations manual , said the idea that such material were being sent out by aliens attempting to seed other planets was a ' leap of the imagination ' . he said : ' this would seem to provide proof that outer space and not just the surface of our planet is teaming with life . ' i 'm sceptical about this and we would need to collect more samples like this to have a better idea of where it originates from . ' it is a leap of the imagination that it came from an et race trying to seed our planet with their biological constructs . ' perhaps there are luminous or ' invisible ' jelly-fish like creatures that inhabit our skies , or microorganisms flooding our planet , i 'm not convinced , but they are fascinating ideas that make a change from stories of starships loaded with aliens . '