gerard pique and chart-topper shakira were in the stands as kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 6-4 victory over surprise spanish finalist pablo andujar on sunday . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese , who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66 . ' i did n't think about winning the tournament at the start of the week because of the strength of the players here , especially the spanish , but now i am very happy , ' nishikori told reporters . pop star shakira and husband gerard pique attend the final during day seven of the barcelona open . spain defender pique holds his son milan during the final of the barcelona open at the real club de tenis . ' i knew that andujar has a good backhand and my plan was to move the ball around a bit . it worked well in the last few games and then with the final shot i closed my eyes and it went in . ' andujar broke serve in the opening game with nishikori making uncharacteristic mistakes and the score was 2-2 before either player held serve . nishikori found himself being dragged out of position by andujar , who had beaten third seed david ferrer in the semi-finals but , despite racking up 13 unforced errors , he still managed to break his opponent again at 5-4 to win the first set . pique played in barcelona 's 2-0 win over espanyol on saturday which kept them top in la liga . the famous couple share a kiss in between points as pablo andujar missed opportunities to clinch the first set . nishikori continued to make mistakes as the spaniard went into a 2-0 lead in the next and then survived a break point to go 3-1 ahead . yet the japanese world number five rallied to level at 4-4 before , in andujar 's next service game , a double fault gifted nishikori match point and a backhand down the line gave him victory . nishikori exploded on the tennis scene last year , reaching his first ever grand slam final at the us open and he will be among the favourites to win the french open next month . strong from the back of the court , he is well suited to clay courts , also having reached the final of the madrid open in 2014 where he had to retire injured against rafael nadal . after early mistakes in the first set put andujar 3-1 up kei nishikori rallied to win in straight sets 6-4 6-4 . nishikori was in the mood to celebrate a second consecutive year of being crowned barcelona open champion . nishikori holds up the japanese flag with the trophy after his second straight barcelona open title success . 