a war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations who last week merged newsrooms . an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . ' apologies for the s*** news service these days , ' the tweet began . ' we hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news . # bringbackblanda ' , the post ended . what looks to a tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on twitter on thursday morning . the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda , who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade . while the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2uenews twitter account , there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger . a 2ue spokesperson told daily mail australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts . they said it had not been used in years , and they believe it had been hacked , but by who they said they were unsure . last thursday the 90-year-old radio station 2ue broadcast its last ever bulletin out of the sydney office , following a merger with rival station 2gb . jobs were lost out of the brisbane 4bc office , and at magic 1278 is brisbane . 2ue in sydney has just merged with rival station 2gb , which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally . a 2ue spokesman said the new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations . reporter robert spicer filed a brief story about the history of the station , which has covered every major news story for the most part of the last century including former prime minister gough whitlam 's dismissal , the beaconsfield mine disaster and the recent sydney siege . '2ue has covered every significant news event over the past 90 years , with some of the best journalists in the country , ' he said . jason morrison , a former 2ue breakfast and drive broadcaster , said the station took a financial hit after letting controversial ratings winner alan jones defect to 2gb in 2002 . '2ue made some terrible decisions - whoever could let alan jones leave 2ue ? , ' he told aap . ' that was the death knell , really , for the station . ' instead of local presenters in sydney and brisbane alan jones ' ( right ) show will be broadcast in the breakfast slot , while ray hadley ( left ) will present mornings - both from their 2gb programs . morrison , who is now spokesman for billionaire mining magnate gina rinehart , said it is a shame the longstanding 2ue-2gb rivalry was now over . ' when there is competition , there will be that desire to ensure that no stone 's left unturned and there will be that desire to make sure that all angles are covered . ' the 2ue spokesman said redundancies from the creation of the single newsroom in sydney were regrettable but the right commercial decision for the broadcaster . the merger also saw changes at the brisbane 4bc station , with a number of high profile presenters being given the boot . 4bc presenters , including breakfast duo ian skippen and loretta ryan , mornings presenter patrick condren , evening presenter walter williams and weekend breakfast announcer murray shoring concluded their roles with the station on friday . instead alan jones ' show will be broadcast in the breakfast slot , while ray hadley will present mornings - both from their 2gb programs , the abc reported .