cristiano ronaldo looked in formidable form as he showed off his array of skills ahead of real madrid 's champions league quarter-final against city rivals atletico . the world player of the year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during monday 's training session , wowing forward partner karim benzema and sending luka modric to the floor . real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend , during which they cut the gap to la liga leaders barcelona to just two points , and the european champions were further boosted by the return from injury of wales winger gareth bale . cristiano ronaldo pulls a face at brazilian left back marcelo during real madrid training on monday morning . ronaldo nonchalantly controls the ball with his heel as karim benzema looks on impressed . the portuguese star was in the mood to show off his stunning skills as real prepared for the madrid derby . ronaldo applauds a team-mate as luka modric watches on ahead of tuesday 's champions league clash . portuguese defender pepe claimed the success in the league will give real a boost ahead of tuesday 's first leg , a repeat of last year 's champions league final . ' the two point [ gap ] gives us a lift , ' he told as ahead of the game . ' we will fight until the end , because that 's just what we did to win la decima . ' we must play against [ atletico madrid ] with intensity and humility , which is how we are playing now and how we did before the international break . we have to learn from our mistakes . ' the ballon d'or winner keeps the ball away from james rodriguez during a drill in real madrid training . carlo ancelotti is likely to call on his forward trio of ronaldo , benzema and gareth bale against atletico . bale missed out on saturday 's win over eibar with an injury , but was back in training on monday . ronaldo jokes with compatriot pepe as the real madrid stars looked to be enjoying themselves in training . ronaldo controls the ball as modric topples over backwards after doing the splits during the session . the two madrid sides have already met six times this season , with real yet to record a victory , losing both league matches , and twice being defeated on aggregate in cup competitions . however , real are seven points clear of their rivals in the la liga table , and will be confident ahead of their trip to the vicente calderon . real will hope bale , benzema and ronaldo can help reverse their shocking run against their rivals this year . james rodriguez and pepe are put through their paces as real prepared for tuesday 's crucial showdown . sergio ramos hugs fabio coentrao as their team-mates watch on during monday 's session in madrid . 