it seems that 2014 was a very , very good year to be discovery communications ceo david zaslav . in a securities and exchange commission filing from friday , it was revealed that zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $ 156.1million last year . this amount , thanks to the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own , makes him one of the highest paid television executives . scroll down for video . david zaslav ( above ) was compensated $ 156.1million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday . this thanks to shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo ( left ) and his running of networks like oprah winfrey 's own ( right ) . discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like shark week . variety reports that a large portion of that money comes from stocks , with zaslav receiving $ 144million in awards for his six-year contract . 1.sumner redstone ( cbs , viacom ) - $ 93.4m . 2.les moonves ( cbs ) - $ 66.9m . 3.philippe dauman ( viacom ) - $ 37.2m . 4.bob iger ( disney ) - $ 34.3m . 5.david zaslav ( discovery ) - $ 33.3m . 6.jeffrey bewkes ( time warner ) - $ 32.5m . 7.brian roberts ( comcast ) - $ 31.4m . 8.stephen burke ( nbc ) - $ 31.1m . 9.chris albrecht ( starz ) - $ 30.5m . 10.thomas dooley ( viacom ) - $ 29.1m . it is a remarkable boost from the $ 33million he received in 2013 , with $ 22.5million of that also coming from stock awards . the amount seems to be deserved as well , as under zaslav 's guidance , the company 's market cap has grown from $ 5billion in 2007 to $ 20billion today . as for his base salary , that was $ 3million , where it will stay for the length of his contract , and he can no receive a cash bonus greater than $ 6.6million until the last two years of his new contract , when that amount goes to $ 9million . this amount is far , far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year , sumer redstone and les moonves . redstone , who heads up cbs and viacomn , took home $ 93.4million , while moonves , the ceo of cbs , took home $ 66.9million . ' this contract rewards mr. zaslav for the value he has created and the continued strategic direction he provides and requires sustained performance over time for that award to have value , ' the filing states . ' at the end of his contract , mr. zaslav will own a substantial amount of equity of discovery , which reinforces his alignment with our shareholders and encourages long-term ownership of our stock . ' this amount is far , far greater than the $ 93million cbs chairman sumner redstone ( left ) made in 2013 and the $ 67m les moonves ( right ) made . zaslav is also likely to become the biggest shareholder at discovery under this new contract is he buys the shares of television mogul john malone who also holds a sizable stake in the company . he will have right of first refusal to purchase malone 's stocks should he sell . the contract will expire in 2019 .