veteran cbs news ' face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer . it 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking . schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater . ' it 's been a great adventure , ' schieffer said at the college . ' you know , i 'm one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy , as a young reporter , i always wanted to be a journalist , and i got to do that . ' and not many people get to do that , and i could n't have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling . ' bob schieffer opens the schieffer symposium on the news at tcu on wednesday , april 8 , 2015 , in fort worth , texas . cbs says veteran newsman schieffer is retiring this year . career : schieffer began at the political affairs show ' face the nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang . announcement : schieffer also posted the news of his retirement to his twitter account wednesday night . new career option : country singer brad paisley joked about what schieffer might do after stepping down from his job with cbs news . on wednesday night , schieffer tweeted ' great talking journalism at @ tcu tonight . also really happy to be in my hometown , where it all started , to announce my retirement . ' journalists and media personalities have been discussing stelter 's announcement on social media . cbs this morning anchor gayle king , who was present when the news broke , uploaded a photograph of schieffer to instagram , along with the caption ' oh what a nite ! @ bob schieffer announces he is retiring . . a class act and his announcement stunned the audience at the schieffer symposium . ' cnn 's brian stelter wrote twitter ' sandy livingston , who was at schieffer announcement in tx : `` it was a stunner to the audience . there were some gasps ; i heard some ' oh nos ' '' ' ' bob schieffer announces retirement from an amazing career : at cbs since '69 , hosting face the nation since '91 . trusted by both sides , ' fox news ' howard kurtz tweeted . cnn 's jake tapper and the drudge report 's matt drudge were also among those who paid tribute to schieffer on twitter . big reveal : cbs this morning anchor gayle king said schieffer 's announcement ' stunned ' . stay tuned : king also uploaded this shot of schieffer to instagram after the news broke . tribute : cnn news anchor jake tapper called schieffer a ' legend ' wednesday night . he will be missed : matt drudge also said he was ' sad to see ' schieffer retire . a former newspaper reporter at the fort worth star-telegram , schieffer joined cbs news in 1969 and has been the network 's chief washington correspondent since 1992 . he began at the political affairs show ' face the nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang . he had an unexpected career highlight starting in 2005 , filling in as anchor of the ' cbs evening news ' following dan rather 's exit for a year and a half until katie couric took over the role . his folksy style got good reviews , boosted ratings and healed morale at the news division following the network 's discredited report on president george w. bush 's military service . schieffer survived bladder cancer about a decade ago , a brush with mortality that was one factor in his 2008 announcement that he would retire with the inauguration of a new president in january 2009 . that inauguration came and went and schieffer stayed . he was enjoying the job too much . the death of nbc 's tim russert , whose ' meet the press ' led in the ratings for many years , opened sunday morning to a tighter competition . ' face the nation ' often led , and cbs responded by expanding the show to an hour . ' i know what you 're thinking , ' cbs news president david rhodes said in a memo to his staff tuesday . ' bob 's thought about retiring before , is he really retiring now ? and of course with his long connection to cbs news we 'd be happy to learn that he 's not leaving now , or that he can be seen by our viewers in the future . ' but rhodes said schieffer wanted to announce the end of his career where it all began . rhodes called him ' an inspiration and a mentor to so many colleagues - and , frankly , to me . ' cbs would not talk tuesday about potential successors at ' face the nation . ' schieffer has n't had a single substitute when he took time off ; charlie rose , norah o'donnell , major garrett , john dickerson and nancy cordes have all filled in at different times . his chief competitors are chuck todd at ' meet the press ' and george stephanopoulos at abc 's ' this week . ' rhodes told politico ' [ schieffer ] felt very strongly about doing this at tcu . he 's been really deveoted to us , he 's had such a long career here - but he 's also made a huge investment in tcu . ' his wife is still on the board , his name is on both the journalism and the communications school . he and i have been talking about this for a long time . ' cbs news quoted schieffer as saying wednesday ' we like any large organization we have had our ups and downs ; we 're on a high right now . `` face the nation , '' i think , is better than it has ever been . ' issues : schieffer survived bladder cancer about a decade ago , a brush with mortality that was one factor in his 2008 announcement that he would retire with the inauguration of a new president in january 2009 . bob schieffer , center , acknowledges applause from panelists p.j . o'rourke , left , holly williams , second from left , gayle king and dan balz , right , after announcing his retirement from cbs news at the close of the schieffer symposium on the news at tcu . 