carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus to complete a return to his former club boca juniors in argentina . the former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old , but club president daniel angelici has stressed that tevez must terminate his contract with the italians first . carlos tevez has shocked juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer . tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady and still has a shot at european glory . ' we must be careful ' , angelici told tyc sports . ' we know that he wants to return to argentina with boca juniors but he must first terminate his contract with juventus , which runs until 2016 . ' we are close to sealing his return and it will be done shortly . ' the argentina international joined boca 's youth academy in 1996 and went on to score 26 league goals in 76 appearances for the club before joining corinthians in 2005 . although juventus are reluctant to lose the league 's top scorer - tevez has netted 17 times this season - they have accepted the player wants to leave and have already started identifying potential replacements . italian paper tuttosport claims the 31-year-old has already decided to leave the club this summer . tevez has always said he intends to finish his career back at his first club boca juniors in argentina . carlos tevez 17 . mauro icardi 16 . jeremy menez 16 . tevez 's international manager tata martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player 's argentina future . ' the most important thing for me is that tevez continues to play as well as he is at the moment , ' martino told italian paper tuttosport . ' it does n't matter whether that 's at juventus or boca . only he 'll know what 's best for his future . ' i will say this , though : juventus are a great team , but so are boca juniors . it would n't be a step down . ' 