last year it was ' dare to zlatan ' and 12 months on it seems to be ' search zlatan , ' following the launch of a brand new website . zlatan ibrahimovic has made the headlines throughout his trophy-laden career but it appears a novel way has been created to find any information purely about the maverick 32-year-old striker . search engine zlaaatan.com has immortalised the paris saint-germain forward with the site totally devoted to the french giants ' no 10 . zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com . the website has an identical style to google with users given the option to ' zlatan search ' or ' i 'm feeling zlatan ' . in a house style that is identical to google , and operates just like the search engine , users have the option to ' zlatan search ' or ' i 'm feeling zlatan . ' the click of the former button takes users to articles about ibrahimovic on google , while the latter directs them to his wikipedia page . in addition any results from the search bar will automatically add ' zlatan ' to the front - meaning he will forever be at the forefront of the news . it must be said though that website is neither affiliated with ibrahimovic nor google . the website though has no affliation with the paris saint-germain no 10 ( left ) nor google . creative director of sweetpop , the agency that came up with the website idea , andreas killander hopes the search engine will bring a smile to the sweden international . ' we did n't ask his permission , but we hope he sees it as an amusing experience , ' he said . ' our search engine is linked to google but all the searches are zlatanified . all the results have some link to zlatan ... if you type in ferrari , you 'll get stuff about zlatan 's ferrari ; if you want a recipe , you 'll get the zlatan burger . ' zlatan is an idol . he 's known the world over . that 's why we chose him . ' sweetpop , the agency that came up with the website idea , hope that ibrahimovic ( left ) will find it amusing . as memorable as he can be with his feet , zlatan ibrahimovic can also do likewise with his tongue . sportsmail reminds you of 10 of the sweden international 's best quotes . ' in my head i am the strongest of all . i certainly do n't need the ballon d'or to prove that i am number one . ' ibrahimovic may not have been named on the shortlist for the 2012 ballon d'or award , but it clearly did n't affect the striker 's confidence in his own ability . ' a world cup without me is nothing to watch so it is not worthwhile to wait for the world cup . ' ibrahimovic came up against cristiano ronaldo in the play-off to reach the world cup in brazil last summer , but it was sweden that were on the losing side and the psg forward let everyone know there was n't much point in watching a tournament that did n't feature himself . ' i couldn’t believe it . i was like `` no way , zlatan doesn’t do auditions '' . ' arsene wenger revealed that he came close to signing ibrahimovic when he was a fresh-faced 16-year-old but he refused to have a trial at the north london club . ' nothing . she already has zlatan . ' as any man will attest to , buying a gift for your loved one can be a difficult task . not for ibrahimovic though , who admits his wife needs nothing else for her birthday when she already has zlatan . ' well , i don’t know . you’ll have to ask your wife about that . ' as a member of the media you have to remember to choose your questions carefully when interviewing ibrahimovic . this reporter was n't , and asked the striker how he got the scars on his face . ' what carew does with a football , i can do with an orange . ' ibrahimovic did n't take too kindly to criticism from scandinavian counterpart and former aston villa and west ham striker john carew . ' come to my house and you 'll see if i 'm gay , and bring your sister . ' during his spell at barcelona a picture emerged of ibrahimovic getting rather close to team-mate gerard pique but the sweden international strongly refuted suggestions he was gay , particularly when they were voiced by one female reporter . ' it was the fault of david trezeguet , who made me do one drink of vodka after another . i slept in the bathtub . now i hold my vodka much better . ' ibrahimovic tried to pass the blame to former juventus team-mate david trezeguet after reports of excessive behaviour following the club 's serie a title success . ' i like fireworks too , but i set them off in gardens or kebab stands . i never set fire to my own house . ' after mario balotelli , a former team-mate of ibrahimovic 's at inter milan , set fire to his bathroom when he let fireworks of out the window , the psg hitman admitted his like for fireworks . ' you bought a ferrari but you drive it like a fiat . ' ibrahimovic 's short and tumultuous stint in la liga with barcelona was riddled with arguments and falling outs , particularly with manager pep guardiola and the 33-year-old was not happy with his role in the team .