we all need a helping hand sometimes , and nobody more so than kecil the baby orangutan , who had a tough start to life after his natural mother and another surrogate mother rejected him . but the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother maggie at chicago 's brookfield zoo , and has today been pictured cuddling up to the experienced mother ahead of his first public outing this weekend . maggie , 53 , who has already raised one surrogate child , has proved herself yet again by helping to raise kecil ( pronounced ka-cheel ) for the past 10 months , and the two now have an inseparable bond . scroll down for video . taking care : maggie , 53 , wraps a protective arm around kecil the baby orangutan who she has been raising for the past ten months after his mother and a surrogate mother both rejected him . inseparable : zookeepers were nervous that maggie might reject kecil after raising four of her own children and another surrogate which was given to her in 2002 , but she has proved her parenting prowess once again . when the pair appeared in front of news crews earlier today , kecil began crying after losing sight of maggie for a few moments . but the elder orangutan quickly returned , at which point kecil quietened down and scooted over to join her , reports the chicago sun times . kecil had to be moved from his birthplace at toledo zoo , in ohio , 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth . he was moved to milwaukee county zoo and given to a second surrogate , but she did not form a bond with him either . in a final attempt to find a parent for kecil , he was handed over to maggie , the oldest orangutan in north america , who has already raised four children of her own , and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002 . the pair immediately showed signs of intimacy , but zookeepers still faced a tense wait to see if the elderly orangutan would take on full parental duties . nava greenblatt , one of the zoo’s lead primate keepers , said that the turning point came when a fire alarm sounded at the zoo a few weeks ago , frightening kecil , who ran to maggie and cuddle up to her . turning point : keepers in chicago said the turning point for kecil came a few weeks ago when a fire alarm went off on the zoo , frightening him . usually he turned to people for comfort , but instead he ran and cuddled up to maggie . big day : after settling into his new enclosure , kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend in two hours slots between 10am and midday , allowing him to nap in the afternoons . getting into the swing of things : keepers said when kecil and maggie were first put into their new enclosure , the older ape would wander too far ahead , and kecil would get lost , but the pair have now learned to stick close to one another . she said : ' initially when he would be feeling insecure he would turn to people , and then there was a shift where he would turn to maggie if he felt insecure . that was a big milestone . he really needs her to learn how to be an orangutan . ' the pair will eventually become part of an exhibit featuring the zoo 's four other orangutans , but at the moment they are living in isolation , as would be the case in the wild . kecil will be on display on saturday and sunday at brookfield zoo 's tropic world asia enclosure between 10am and midday . the other orangutans will be allowed into the enclosure around those times to help them acclimatise as well . hanging out : the pair will eventually become part of an exhibit featuring the zoo 's four other orangutans , but at the moment they are living in isolation , as would be the case in the wild . happy monkey : keepers said : ' on his first day out he was wide eyed and a bit amazed . he stayed close to maggie and whimpered if she moved too far away . we saw many joyful reunions those first few days as they separated and found one another again ' .