thinking about vacating the white house probably is n't president obama 's favorite thing to do , but it is n't his impending departure that stresses him the most - it 's the prospect of his eldest daughter leaving 1600 pennsylvania avenue and heading off to college that really gets him down . malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . she has n't even finished high school , but president obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis . empty nester : president obama said the thought of malia , 16. heading to college has him crying on a daily basis . ca n't let her go : the 11th grade student ( left ) is already visiting schools and will go to college in the fall of 2016 . so sad : president obama said he 's ' sad ' and he ' starts tearing up in the middle of the day and i ca n't explain it ' . he said on tuesday during the easter prayer breakfast : ' i start tearing up in the middle of the day and i ca n't explain it , why am i so sad ? ' they 're leaving me . ' the 11th grade student , who attends the private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c. , has already visited at uc berkeley , stanford , nyu , columbia , harvard , brown , princeton , yale and wesleyan , the washington post reported . malia 's younger sister sasha , 13 , wo n't start thinking about college for a few years yet . obama continued : ' i want to thank everybody here for their prayers , which means so much to me and michelle , particularly at a time when my daughters are starting to grow up and starting to go on college visits . ' i need prayer . ' thankfully : malia 's ( right ) younger sister sasha , 13 ( center ) , wo n't start thinking about college for a few years yet . if malia attends columbia for an undergraduate degree , she will be following in her father 's footsteps . however , based on comments he made in february when he addressed a cybersecurity summit on stanford 's campus in palo alto , california , president obama might want his daughter to go there . president obama said of stanford : ' i 've got to admit , like , i kind of want to go here . ' i was trying to figure out why it is that a really nice place like this is wasted on young people who do n't fully appreciate what you got . ' it 's really nice . and everybody here is so friendly and smart , and it 's beautiful . and what 's there not to like ? ' ' let 's face it , i like stanford grads . ' the last president to send a child straight from the white house to college , bill clinton , sent daughter chelsea to stanford in the fall of 1997 to begin her freshman year . when she graduated in 2001 , bill and wife hillary rodham clinton were there blowing kisses . he 's cried before : a gushing president obama broke down in tears the day after winning re-election in 2012 .