eight coffins lined the stage of a maryland auditorium for the funeral services saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month . the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home . father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday to pay their respect to the family . scroll down for video . mourners file in as a viewing for rodney todd and his seven children is held on saturday at the ella fitzgerald performing arts center in princess anne , maryland . mourners sob and comfort each other as they walk past the seven caskets lining the stage during the service . the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed by carbon monoxide poisoning as they slept in their princess anne home . todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home , police said . men , women and children , some in funeral attire and others donning t-shirts reading ' the todd family : gone but not forgotten ' walked across the stage to visit the coffins of five girls , two boys and one man . the children have been named as children as boys cameron todd , 13 , and zycheim todd , 7 ; and girls tynijuiza todd , 15 ; tykira todd , 12 ; tybree todd , 10 ; tyania todd , 9 ; and tybria todd , 6 . their caskets , arranged in order of age , were lined with white and decorated with heart-shaped floral arrangements , according to the baltimore sun . the boys and father were dressed in white suits and the girls in lace dresses and tiaras . the children 's mother , tyisha chambers , 36 , sat in the front row of the auditorium and did not speak during the service . todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home , police said . delmarva power said it cut off power for safety reasons on march 25 , not because the family was behind on its bills , as family members previously had said . a woman walks past the caskets of rodney todd and his seven children . the funeral service included gospel singing , prayer and words of hope . a boy looks up at one of the caskets during the service . dr john gaddis , superintendent of somerset county public schools , where the children attended class , said that the family was close . rodney todd 's mother bonnie edwards , center , walks alongside her husband lloyd edwards for a viewing for her son and seven grandchildren on saturday . with the power out , todd , who worked a $ 10-an-hour job in dining services at the university , had bought the generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm . friends and relatives last saw them alive march 28 . ' probably it was bedtime and they decided they needed some light and probably some heat , because toward the end of march even though it was spring we were having some pretty chilly nights , ' princess anne police chief scott keller said . police found their bodies april 6 inside the one-story , wood-frame home on maryland 's eastern shore after school workers , friends and the father 's co-workers knocked on the door with no answer . the funeral service included gospel singing , prayer and words of hope . reverend donna bowers of crossroads international fellowship in princess anne said that todd was a man who did his best to make sure his children were at church on every sunday . dr john gaddis , superintendent of somerset county public schools , where the children attended class , said that the family was close . rodney todd , pictured left and right , was killed along side his seven children sometime between march 28 and april 6 . delmarva power said it cut off power for safety reasons on march 25 , and then todd brought a generator into the home . ty'nijuiza todd , 15 , ( left ) and her 12-year-old sister ty'kira ( right ) were two of todd 's daughters who were killed in the carbon monoxide accident . todd 's eldest son cameron , 13 , is pictured left with his sister , 15-year-old tynijuiza and 7-year-old zycheim ( right ) were also killed . ' we have all been touched by stories of [ the children 's ] kindness and the purity of their hearts , ' he added . family friend tylicia bolden spoke specifically of each family member as she stood in front of more than 1,000 people at the funeral . ty'breyia , or brea-brea , would have turned six on april 4 , and was a ' bright student with beautiful handwriting ' who was ' already ... writing complete sentences with highly detailed illustrations , ' bolden read from an obituary . zhi'heen , seven , was a first-grader who ' was a charmer and fancied himself a ladies ' man , ' she said . ty'niah , who would have turned nine in may , was ' respectful , kind to others , helpful and a hard worker , ' the ' kind of student every teacher wanted . ' ty'nijuiza was ten and loved borrowing her older sisters ' clothing , bolden said . twelve-year-old ty'keria was a ' good athlete ' and a 'girly-girl ' . cameron , the oldest boy , was 13 . his nickname was ' pun ' , and he was a 6ft 3in ' gentle giant ' who loved basketball and was always there to encourage his siblings . ty'juzaina was the oldest at 15 . she loved socializing , ' big dangling earrings ' and the color purple , bolden said . rodney todd 's mother , bonnie edwards , center , and stephanie wells ( right ) mourn the loss of rodney todd and his seven children at a prayer vigil in princess anne on april 10 . bonnie edwards , is hugged at a prayer vigil in front of her son 's home on april 10 . she said that her son ' knew the children from the inside out ' . lloyd edwards , center left , stands next to his wife , the mother of rodney todd , bonnie edwards , as they mourn outside her son 's residence on april 10 . as for their father , he had a troubled past but was turning his life around and caring for his children the best he could . he married chambers in 2007 , but in 2001 she accused him of attacking her with a knife . he pleaded guilty to second-degree assault and spent one year in jail and 18 additional months on probation . his mother bonnie edwards , and family friends said that he made sure to stay in touch with the kids ' teachers and learned to braid his daughters ' hair . ' there was nothing he would not do for [ his children ] , and he always put their needs ahead of his own , ' bolden told the audience , according to the baltimore sun . + todd 's work supervisor , stephanie wells said that he was a devoted father and was genuine and outgoing . ' he was the light of our life , ' she said . ' we loved him and we loved the children . ' at the end of the service , the eight caskets were wheeled through the auditorium into eight white hearses waiting outside . mourners watched , some sobbing with grief and others still in shock , remembering the family they all loved . vaunter campbell , a coworker of rodney todd , mourns outside of the family 's residence on april 10 , four days after the todd family was found dead in their home . mourners gather at the todd residence for a prayer vigil in princess anne . a memorial was created outside the home where people joined together . at the vigil on april 10 , mourners released balloons into the air as a memorial of the family of eight who died .