spain 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday brought back bitter memories of their disastrous 2014 world cup , but coach vicente del bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat , insists gerard pique . holland , whose 5-1 drubbing of spain in the group stage in brazil last year marked the end of the iberian nation 's six-year domination of the world game , scored two early goals at the amsterdam arena and held on against some determined spain pressure in the second half for a 2-0 success . they became the first team to inflict two defeats on del bosque since he took over in 2008 but the gruff 64-year-old had used the match to try out several new faces and he fielded a largely experimental , second-string team . stefan de vrij ( right ) headed holland in front against spain at the amsterdam arena on tuesday . gerard pique ( left ) could do nothing to stop davy klaassen doubling the dutch advantage . malaga forward juanmi and sevilla midfielder vitolo became the 55th and 56th players to debut under del bosque , while the likes of goalkeeper david de gea , defenders raul albiol , juan bernat and dani carvajal and midfielder mario suarez all started the game . ' the national team 's state of health is good , ' centre back gerard pique told reporters . ' we are in a process where players are coming into the team and gathering experience , ' added the barcelona defender . ' we are second in qualifying ( for euro 2016 ) and these friendly games are for experimenting . ' i am not that worried about this match because we lost friendlies in previous years and then ended up winning titles . ' david de gea was given a start by vicente del bosque but could not keep out de vrij 's header here . dani carvajal ( centre ) was another squad player given a chance to impress against holland . del bosque will be confident he can find the right mix of players to secure spain 's berth at euro 2016 in france next year , when they will be chasing an unprecedented third straight title . slovakia are the surprise leaders in qualifying group c thanks to a 2-1 win over spain in zilina in october and have a maximum 15 points from five of 10 matches . spain are second on 12 points , three ahead of ukraine , who they beat 1-0 in seville on friday . del bosque 's side host slovakia in september in a match that could decide who goes through to the finals as group winners . ' the team is in good shape , ' forward pedro told reporters . ' we have a very clear idea of our playing style and we are able to count on people who are gradually making a place for themselves in the team . ' 