rejection proof . by jia jiang . ( random house , £13.99 ) who likes rejection ? whether you are being rejected by a lover , an employer or a barman who serves a newly arrived regular customer before you , it’s galling . and in every case there’s nothing we can do about it . nothing that doesn’t carry a long prison sentence , anyway . it would take someone exceptionally optimistic and uncynical to propose an alternative thesis , and jia jiang is both of those . born into a family of teachers , jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route . he eventually made the journey by conventional means , and found a good life there . wife , children , several degrees , job in middle management . but he wasn’t happy . he wanted to take risks , start his own company . it does n't matter where it comes from - no one likes being rejected and in each and every case there’s nothing we can do about it ( picture posed by model ) . the problem was he inevitably encountered rejection , mainly from potential backers for his project ( another iphone app no one could possibly need or want ) . and each time , rejection felt like the end of the world . a successful entrepreneur needed to be more robust than this . so , having possibly read one self-help book too many , jia jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest . instead of avoiding rejection , he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected , film them and put them up on his blog . all of which seemed to me , at first glance , rather artificial . there have been any number of ‘quest’ books , in which humorous writers have gone round ireland with a fridge , for example , less for the sake of doing it than to write a book about it . but jia jiang isn’t a humorous writer . he may adopt a light-hearted tone , but his quest was deadly serious . on day one , he went up to a security guard and asked if he could borrow $ 100 . the security guard said no , and jia almost broke into a run to get away . watching the video later , he said he looked like the man in munch’s the scream . on day two , he went into a burger joint and , noticing a sign on the soft drinks machine saying ‘ free refill’ , asked the cashier for a burger refill . the cashier said no . but as he continued his quest , jia realised there were ways and ways of asking . show confidence , inject a little bit of humour , be willing to negotiate and you might not get exactly what you want , but you might get something . so he walked into krispy kreme doughnuts and asked for a set of five iced doughnuts , interlocking in the manner of the olympic symbol . the woman behind the counter looked thoughtful . ‘ when are you looking for these ? ’ she asked . ‘ in the next . . . 15 minutes ? ’ ‘ let me see what i can do , ’ she said . and did it . you can see what happened next on youtube . and so develops a surprisingly entertaining study of rejection in all its many manifestations . people confuse it with failure , but rejection is personal , and we take it personally . the crucial point is that rejection is unavoidable and it’s how we respond to it that matters . jia jiang’s extreme positivity can grate at times but his message is sound : rejection is only someone else’s opinion , and it may not be the right one . 