a family-friendly coffee shop had its facebook page hacked and flooded with pornography after an employee clicked on a malicious link in an email . staff at scooter 's coffee , in omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , starting at 5pm on sunday , by an ' unknown third party ' who then took control of the picture feed . instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages after they were hacked . scooter 's coffee , omaha , issued this apology to customers on its facebook page after it was hijacked by hackers for 24 hours who used it to post pornography . scooter 's said that the images which appeared on their facebook page were similar to the images that were posted on crayola 's page when they were hacked in january ( pictured ) . from 5pm sunday until almost the same time the next day , followers of the scooter 's facebook page were sent links such as this one , instead of the regular images of smoothies and cookies . after trying to contact officials at facebook with limited success , it was not until a day later that the company managed to kick the hacker out , and regain control of the account . jamie hamburg , spokesman for the company , said : ' at approximately 5pm cst on sunday , 29 march , the scooter 's coffee facebook page was hacked by an unknown third party . ' the offensive content that has been posted as a result of this hack is similar to that seen in other recent breaches of major brands . ' scooter 's coffee would like to apologize to our loyal facebook audience and anyone that has been affected by this inappropriate content . ' the hack is believed to have come after an employee clicked on a link of a direct message sent through facebook itself . the hacker then kicked the member of staff out of the page , locked it , and began posting . scooter 's coffee said that , despite repeated attempts to contact facbook , and hundreds of reports being sent about inappropriate content , nobody at the social media network responded . it was only by contacting larger businesses that they were able to get in touch with facebook , who removed the content and restored the page nearly 24 hours later . all of the images have now been removed , and scooter 's have offered apologies to thier customers via their facebook and twitter pages . it is thought that the hack occurred after an employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from facebook . hackers were then able to gather enough data to allow them to take control of the page . crayon manufacturer crayola was caught out by a similar breach in january , when hackers took control of the page to post pictures of cartoon breasts , and links to adult websites . one post included a link to a drawing of a scantily clad female cartoon character from the dreamworks movie ' the road to el dorado ' - with the words ' if disney was for adults . ' delta air lines was also affected the following month in a similar attack involving a link to a sexually explicit joke . their page was hijacked for around an hour , during which ' objectionable and offensive content ' , similar to that in the crayola and scooter 's hacks , was published .