when eve addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic , she assumed she must have an allergy . but when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her gp . to her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system . the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd an allergy . but she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash . these swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight germs . about 70 per cent of people diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck . usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt , but in some people like miss addison , they can be painful - especially after drinking alcohol . following her diagnosis in january 2014 , she has now been given the all clear - and is sharing her story to make others aware of the condition . miss addison , a marketing manager from merseyside , began suffering the symptoms in september 2013 . she said : ' i suppose , looking back , alcohol did save my life . ' i had been feeling unwell for a while and every time i went out , i 'd come back with swelling and pain . to her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system - and she endured six months of chemotherapy . the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt , but in some people like miss addison , they can be painful - especially after drinking alcohol . the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . these swellings are enlarged lymph nodes . about 70 per cent of people diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck . lymph glands commonly swell during an infection but they then usually go back to normal over a short time . with a lymphoma , the lymph nodes often grow slowly and may be there for months or years before they are noticed . but sometimes they grow very quickly . usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt . but some people say their lumps ache or are painful . and for some they are painful after drinking alcohol . about 25 per cent of patients have other more general symptoms such as : heavy sweating – especially at night . high temperatures that come and go with no obvious cause ( often overnight ) . losing a lot of weight over a short period of time . itching , which may be worse after drinking alcohol . cough or breathlessness . abdominal pain or vomiting after drinking alcohol . source : cancer research uk . ' i just thought nothing of it and when i went to the gp , i was told that there was nothing to worry about . ' when the doctor says `` do n't worry , you 're going to be just fine '' , you believe them , do n't you ? ' but by december , she had developed other symptoms and was given creams and anti-inflammatory drugs to deal with chest pain , night sweats and an all-over body rash . after her devastating diagnosis at the royal liverpool hospital , miss addison underwent a six-month course of chemotherapy to rid herself of the disease , which affects around 1,900 people each year . the treatment not only left her drained , but triggered septicemia and a blood clot . ' i lost a lot of muscle and i was so drained all the time , ' she recalled . ' i was so tired and in so much pain that i could barely stand up . ' even though i was only 23 , i felt like i had the body of a 90-year-old . ' despite her diagnosis - and starting chemotherapy almost instantly - she began a new job just days later , as planned . she also froze her eggs just in case the treatment rendered her infertile . to her relief , she was given the all-clear last september . and despite her harrowing experience , miss addison insists she would face cancer again if given the option . she said : ' it 's indescribable how happy i was to get the all-clear - i 've never felt happiness like it . ' my mum was the happiest person in the room when i heard the news . all of my family were so proud of me for getting through it . ' she also believe she has a better perspective in life after beating cancer . ' the lessons i learnt from it have made me much more appreciative of what i have in life and i feel like i 'm oddly lucky . ' she is now planning to celebrate by running the race for life in her hometown in july .  