it is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons . but the manchester derby this sunday still holds great significance for both clubs , managers and , of course , supporters . city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford . a number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time . here sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide some answers . can manuel pellegrini survive a derby loss ? the word is the chilean’s future will be decided come may when the dust on a creaking season has settled . defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman khaldoon al mubarak closer to pressing the termination button though . it would leave city trailing united by four points and likely to finish fourth , needing to get past a qualifying round to reach to champions league – the very minimum requirement . manuel pellegrini ( centre ) is a man under-pressure at city and a defeat to their rivals is unthinkable . who needs the win more ? to that end you would probably have to say city . a victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation , and reignite ambitions to finish second , possible saving pellegrini from the axe . united look set to finish in the top four regardless , the baseline attainment for this campaign to be judged satisfactory . but they will be desperate to alter that current ugly sequence against their noisy neighbours . united have never lost five in a row to city before . three points would begin to make their season look very decent indeed . glenn murray ( right ) tormented city at selhurst park as they dropped out of the premier league title race . would victory dispel any lingering doubts about louis van gaal ? quite likely . three successive wins on the bounce against opposition the stature of tottenham , liverpool and city would underline van gaal’s ability to rise to the big matches and suggest that , after a season of trial , error , and turnstile selections , the plan is coming together . those uncertainties around the dutchman would resurface just as swiftly with defeat of course . louis van gaal has had his critics this season but manchester united 's performances are proving them wrong . should vincent kompany remain in the city side ? it would be a big call for a game of such size , but the sense that city may be better off without their captain can not be disregarded . these should be the 29-year-old’s peak years but injuries seem to have affected his body and mind . the belgian is increasingly prone to errors of judgement . martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala do not provide the most robust competition but kompany’s appearance in seven losses in 12 games speaks volumes . mangala , on the bench against crystal palace , has experienced three losses in 24 matches all season . vincent kompany ( left ) has struggled for form this campaign and could lose his place for the derby . where does this rank in english football’s biggest games ? manchester has become a powerhouse of english football through city’s ascent . the city has been home to the premier league title for the past four seasons , oscillating between old trafford and the etihad . that will not be the case this year but the rivalry still burns and allied to the global scale of these clubs the match ranks as high as any other , perhaps only beaten by liverpool-united . mario balotelli ( centre ) produced one of the most iconic derby moments when he scored at old trafford . who is the better player right now : wayne rooney or sergio aguero ? no doubt aguero is the better striker , his movement , angles for shooting , and goal-scoring record stands testament to that . but since being shifted to his preferred centre-forward role , rooney is displaying form that would see him into any side . he has been approaching his all-action peak and scored seven goals in ten games for club and country , taking his overall season tally to 21 . aguero has 23 for the campaign , but has failed to find the net in his last six games , a run stretching back to february 24 . at the moment you would have to go for rooney . these two love the manchester derby . rooney holds the record for most all-time goals with 11 , while aguero has six in seven . wayne rooney ( left ) and sergio aguero are two of the best forwards in the current premier league . how crucial might michael carrick be ? his return to the united lineup in the fulcrum role in front of defence has lifted the side considerably . he has not enjoyed the best returns facing city in recent seasons – and in the corresponding fixture was asked to play centre-back as a first-half substitute – but will get more space in his deeper midfield role . it is unlikely pellegrini will task anyone with marshalling carrick , which is how he likes it . michael carrick ( left ) has become a key player for united over the years and is pivotal for van gaal . will the real yaya toure show up ? you would hope so . yaya at the height of his powers in an awesome sight and could prove the difference . but those flashes have been all too fleeting this season . now would be a good time to step up . like kompany , yaya toure 's form is patchy but he scored a stunning goal against crystal palace on monday . will united solve the problem of angel di maria ? the team looks balanced right now , with ashley young doing nothing to lose his place . united’s record signing has been coming on and providing assists , so van gaal is probably inclined to repeat the pattern . ultimately , di maria must provide more , and will want to , but at this moment he should start on the bench . why is kick-off at 4pm ? police saw no dangers of the late afternoon kick-off time on a sunday , and have cited previous good behaviour between sets of supporters . as ever , television dictates the preference and the 4pm slot is prime for viewers . angel di maria has n't quite settled in manchester but recently has done well when coming off the bench . 