films and tv shows depicting ' beautiful young vampires ' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces , an exorcism expert says . notable tv shows including true blood and the twilight film series - starring kristen stewart and robert pattinson - are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic ' possessions ' . professor giuseppe ferrari , head of the italian occult watchdog the group on research and socio-religious information , made the revelation when speaking to a vatican-backed exorcism course in rome . hollywood films portraying ' beautiful young vampires ' , such as robert pattinson in twilight , are said to be driving an increase in young people dabbling in the occult . true blood , featuring anna paquin ( left ) and joe manganiello ( right ) , is another tv show which depicts vampires living in modern society . he told those in attendance : ' there are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people 's blood , or encourage them to have special sexual relations to obtain special powers , ' the independent reported . ' these groups are attracted by the so-called beautiful young vampires that we 've seen so much of in recent years . ' such incidents are considered a form of demonic possession by the vatican . although it continues to celebrate the role exorcisms play within the church , it maintains strong guidelines on how and when they should be carried out . in 2013 , pope francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man who said he was possessed by the devil . the vatican insisted the pope ' did n't intend to perform any exorcism , ' and it released a statement that said ' he simply intended to pray for someone who was suffering who was presented to him ' . the man later said that francis had failed to banish the demons from his body . however , after francis placed his hands on him , he was able to walk again , he claimed . the ancient rite of casting out satan and his demons from the souls of the possessed has been carried out in the catholic church for centuries . in 2013 , pope francis appeared to cast out a demon from a wheelchair-bound man who said he was possessed by the devil . but the practice of exorcism saw a revival of interest following the 1973 film the exorcist and other popular film and literature references . speaking to vatican radio , dr valter cascioli , a psychiatrist and spokesman for the international association of exorcists , last year warned of ' an extraordinary increase in demonic activity ' . he said that this makes it even more worrying that ' the number of people who are turning to these practices , which are damaging psychologically , spiritually and morally , is constantly growing ' . the association , which brings together catholic priests and psychiatrists , was founded in 1990 and given formal recognition by the vatican in june . dr cascioli said that too many people today undervalue the temptation to engage in ' ordinary demonic activity ' , which leaves them unprepared to fight off greater attacks by the devil . in societies marked by ' rushing , superficiality , exaggerated individualism and secularization , ' he added , ' the battle against evil and the devil increasingly is becoming an emergency ' . 