if a picture is worth a thousand words , then jonathon keats figures a picture can also span a thousand years . keats , a san francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher and conceptual artist , has designed a ' millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus . he hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western massachusetts mountain range . jonathan keats , an experimental philosopher , hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his ' millennium camera ' . the camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment . if it seems far-fetched , consider that some of keats ' previous endeavors include selling tracts of real estate in the theoretical extra dimensions of space-time and opening a photosynthetic restaurant that serves gourmet sunlight to plants . he has also been involved in choreographing honeybees ; copyrighting his own mind to give his ' intellectual property ' a 70-year post-life extension ; and , controversially , joining in a bid to genetically engineer god . even at his quirkiest , keats notes he always has a serious message to deliver . in the case of the millennium camera — a cylindrical device small and light enough to hold in one hand but hopefully durable enough to survive the centuries — it 's encouraging people to think beyond their own human lifespan to what geologists call deep time , the lengthy periods in which the world changes on a grand scale . ' we need to find a way to think in deep time if we are to responsibly make use of the technologies we have , ' he says . ' so the camera is intended , in a sense , as a mental prosthesis , as a way of creating some sort of a feedback loop in deep time , where setting up the camera now , looking out into the far future , allows for people who are alive in the far future to see the decisions we made through the effect that they had . ' but will it work ? the camera will be place on the stearns steeple , and the mead art museum at amherst plans on holding an exhibition to show the resulting photo in the 3015 . keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives , such as the centuries that it takes for nature such as the holyoke mountain range ( pictured ) to transform . even keats ca n't say for sure . nor is he certain humans will be around in 3015 . nor , assuming they are , that someone will know to retrieve the camera and open it . a thousand years is , after all , a long time . in 1015 , the norman conquest of england was still more than 50 years away , the first crusade was more than 80 years away , and columbus would not reach the new world for another 477 years . the camera , keats explains , is very simple , so simple that nothing mechanically should fail . ' which of course is the wrong thing to say , because then it will , ' he quickly adds . it begins as the old science fair standby , the pinhole camera , which allows light to enter through a tiny aperture . but since pinhole cameras are n't designed to last a thousand years , keats made his of copper because of its resistance to corrosion . the pinhole he pierced through a rugged 24-karat gold plate . to capture the exposure , keats adapted a renaissance art technique by using rose madder , a sturdy , organic-based oil paint , applied directly to the copper in the back of the camera . digital photography was impractical , and he ruled out using film because it would deteriorate too quickly and besides , there 's always the chance by 3015 that society will revert to another dark age , without photochemical processing skills . ' all you have to do is open up the camera and you 'll see the image , ' keats says . that image will be of the holyoke range , a modest but picturesque mountain chain that scientists believe has existed for 200 million years . what a denizen of the 31st century would see is not a before-and-after image , not what today we might call time-lapse photography , but rather one picture depicting a millennium of change . for example , if the now heavily forested area were to gradually turn to grasslands , the trees , keats predicts , will linger on the photograph as ghostly reminders of a prior period , set against the bolder outline of the more recent landscape . ' so what you 're getting in a sense is ... a movie of the full period , of the full thousand years , but all compressed into a single frame , ' he says . stearns steeple at bucolic amherst college , where keats studied philosophy in the 1990s , will serve as the camera 's tripod of sorts . keats says that his ambitious project to make people think about ' deep time ' may be a failure . above , he explains his project at amherst college . the philosopher and journalist hopes that citizens of the 31st century will look at his image taken from a camera on stearns steeple at amherst college . once part of stearns church , the gothic revival steeple was retained as a freestanding structure after the church was demolished in 1949 . keats hopes such resiliency bodes well for its long-term survival . the camera is currently on display steps away from the steeple at the school 's mead art museum , where it has generated a mix of interest and skepticism from visitors , according to the museum 's curator , vanja malloy . ' it might seem silly , and people might say , ' what 's the point of a camera with an exposure you 'll never see in your lifetime , what 's the point of any of it ? '' malloy says . ' but the fact that it is provocative in that way is what 's so powerful about it . ' later this spring , keats will ascend a harrowing set of wooden stairs inside the dusty steeple , position the camera and open its shutter , beginning what he believes will be history 's longest exposure . he has n't sought a patent for the device , which he estimates costs about $ 100 in raw materials to build , saying he wants others to copy it and place their own millennium cameras strategically around the world . ' i 'm well overstating the case for these cameras , ' he concedes . ' i realize ( it ) may seem like a supreme act of egotism . it 's probably also an extreme act of naivety on my part . but i think you just have to give it a try . ' he says it may take 10,000 years for humanity perfect the process of 1,000-year photos . the philosopher set up a similar 1,000-year camera at the arizona state university art museum 's sculpture garden as part of an effort to capture how the next millennium change tempe , arizona . the amherst museum and the arizona museum both plan to exhibit the photographs in 3015 . he also gave 100-year cameras to some resident of berlin , germany , last year , he told big think .