the owner of a florida mansion accused of being home to a ' secret stripper school ' has decided to sell up after being found in violation of county zoning codes . the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as pharaoh 's palace , promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . millionaire gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . scroll down for video . millionaire owner gary lowndes who purchased the property , advertised online as pharaoh 's palace , in 2013 for $ 2 million has put it back on the market after being found in violation of country zoning codes over noisey parties . owner lownds , right has decided to sell the property he had once envisioned playing host to a reality show for strippers after complaints about noise from neighbors such as ronald nagy , left . websites indicate there was property has also been home to pharaoh 's daughters , a school for strippers , but lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds . on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood . his company , pink tati llc , was given seven days to prove the property is in compliance and he was warned he will be fined $ 1,000 a day if further commercial functions takes place . ' basically it 's the noise that got our attention , ' neighbor ronald nagy told bay news . he lives in the nearby cheval west community . ' i 've never been involved in running a stripper school , ' said lowndes , who made millions selling mattresses and hearing aids . ' there 's never been any porn parties . there 's never been anything illegal other than the noise complaint . ' lowndes said he disagrees with the board 's decision , but has decided that it is best if he sells up . he has put the property back on the market for $ 2.3 million . ' with all this violation stuff , i said , `` fine , that 's it , i 'm out of here . ' '' he said . the egyptian-themed mansion promises a ' perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres on the gulf coast on its website advertisement . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ' midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint . pharaoh 's daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ' promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ' in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed midsummer night wet dream got the mansion its first noise complaint . neighbor nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the hillsborough county sheriff 's office and code enforcement . ' this to me seems like there was an undercurrent of very sexually-related activities , ' he told the tampa tribune . ' they 're gaming the system . ' after months of complaints both lownds and sean grey , the mansion 's manager , got hit with code violations . on its website , pharaoh 's palace was advertised as the ' perfect ' place for entertaining . other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . but the mansion also became where grey and nicholas worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed pharaoh 's daughters . ' turn your stripper job into a career in exotic dancing and achieve the elite lifestyle you deserve , ' the website promises . pharaoh 's daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ' promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ' in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . it lists getting to live in the tampa mansion as one of its perks , boasting a ' safe and secure residence ' . pharaoh 's mansion is 12,000 square-feet and has six bedrooms within the house , as well as two in a guest house . it 's website also lists a spa room with a waterfall and massage area . on its website , pharaoh 's palace was advertised as the ' perfect ' place for entertaining . other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . but the mansion also became where sean grey , its manager , and nicholas worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed pharaoh 's daughters . there is also a ' harem room ' that includes a fully equipped wet bar and poker table , as well as a dance/fitness studio with two stripper poles and a parking garage that fits up to 40 cars . lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . but he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion , he told the tampa tribune . ' we are aware of what we are allowed to do and not to do , ' lownds said . ' we are conforming with all the zoning requirements . ' the mansion was hit with five citations from code enforcement , including for holding special events in a residential zone and for operating special events without approval . but according to deputy phil acaba , who investigated the events , it was the parties that ended up shutting the mansion down . ' if they had flown under the radar , they 'd still be in business , ' he said . ' the noise was the issue that brought their downfall . ' pharaoh 's daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ' promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ' in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . lownds said he and some of his partners planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . but he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion .