thousands of people have launched a campaign to stop an 11-year-old boy being deported to bangladesh weeks after his little brother died following a long battle with cancer . maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle after the home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk . now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy and his mother to stay in britain , where maarij 's 10-year-old brother saffat is buried . saffat died of meningitis last month , after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left his immune system fatally weakened . deported : maarij khan , left , has been told he must leave britain and move to bangladesh weeks after the death of his brother saffat , pictured right receiving an award for bravery . the family first came from bangladesh to the uk in october 2007 to live with maarij and saffat 's father , who was studying for a phd . saffat was subsequently diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma , a type of childhood cancer which attacks connective tissue in the face and left him severely disfigured . after years of chemotherapy and radiotherapy , he fell ill with meningitis , and died on march 4 . the home office denied the family's request to stay in the uk after their visa expired in 2013 . they tried to challenge the decision , but a tribunal turned down their appeal last year . the boys ' father returned to work in bangladesh in march 2014 . mushammat , 34 , said : ' all maarij knows is newcastle , all his friends are here , his life is here . he and saffat were incredibly close , they were inseparable and his death has left him heartbroken . ' he goes and sits at his brother 's graveside each day . the thought of him never being able to do that again is terrible to us all . ' the support we 've had from all parts of the tyneside community has been humbling and we very much want to stay in the area that has become our home . ' maarij 's supporters say that he has become withdrawn and shy after saffat 's death , and warn that his education will suffer if he is sent to bangladesh . heartbroken : maarij has become withdrawn after his brother 's death , according to his family . immigrants to the uk who are on a student visa , and their family members , are only allowed to stay in the uk until their course comes to an end . they must then apply for a new visa , such as one linked to a specific job , or return to their home country . however , under the human rights act 1998 , immigrants facing deportation are able to appeal on the grounds that being forced to leave the uk is a breach of their human rights . a number of immigrants have claimed that their ' right to respect for private and family life ' under article 8 of the act would be breached if they were made to leave their new home in britain . however , the use of the human rights act has attracted controversy because convicted criminals have tried to use it to avoid being deported . local councillor dipu ahad has set up an online petition calling on the home office to reconsider its decision . he said : ' it must be heartbreaking for the mother and brother of saffat , knowing that they may be deported very soon , and they are unlikely to have access to saffat 's resting place ever again . i can’t even begin to imagine the pain . ' the family 's last chance is to appeal to the court of appeal , but they are unlikely to succeed unless they can prove that the authorities have made a legal error . a spokesman for the home office said : ' on february 6 , 2013 the family applied to the home office for leave under article 8 of the human rights act 1998 ( right to respect for private and family life ) , this was refused by the home office on january 22 , 2014 . ' the family subsequently lodged an appeal against this refusal . this appeal was dismissed by the first-tier tribunal , which is independent of the home office , on august 26 , 2014 . ' this decision was subsequently upheld by the upper tribunal ( also independent of the home office ) who dismissed the family’s appeal on december 17 , 2014 . ' the family sought permission to appeal to the court of appeal , via the upper tribunal . the upper tribunal rejected that application on march 19 , 2015 . ' the family have a further , final , right to appeal direct to the court of appeal . '