hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( £9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming . it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . scroll down for video . hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . the announcement comes weeks after apple cut the price of its apple tv device from $ 99 ( £65 ) to $ 69 ( £45 ) in an effort to make it competitive with the likes of google chromecast . hbo now 's official iphone and ipad app is also rolling out on the app store today , according to macrumours , and should become available for all users by the end of the day . after subscribing to hbo now through apple tv or an ios device , users can also access the hbo now website to stream content on the web using a mac - similar to netflix . however , it will only be exclusively available through apple for three months before moving on to other platforms . new york-based hbo , a unit of time warner , has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription . new york-based hbo , a unit of time warner , has so far been available only to customers with a pay television subscription until now . the service will be available for ios devices along with apple tv set-top box , providing access to shows like game of thrones ( left ) and the sopranos ( right ) . price : it available in the us for $ 14.99 ( £9.90 ) . the first month is free for early-bird subscribers . launch date : today . devices : apple tv and on phones and ipads from three months exclusively . it will then move on to other web-based systems . what can you watch ? all past , present and future hbo programming . this includes game of thrones , the sopranos , veep , silicon valley and sex in the city . where can you watch it ? outside the us , hbo programmes are available through online and pay tv subscription services , such as sky . the hbo now service however , is currently only available in the us . the company has not yet revealed whether hbo now will be rolled out internationally . with hbo now , the company is aiming to reach people who have broadband access but do n't want to pay for a traditional tv package of dozens of other channels . for the monthly fee , viewers will be able to get hbo content without having to pay for an entire cable package , the company said . the first month is free for early-bird subscribers , the company added . ' this is a transformative moment for hbo , ' said chief executive richard pepler after an introduction from apple chief executive officer tim cook . the service will ship with the apple tv in the us , which is now at a lower price of $ 69 ( £45 ) . the price cut is a reaction to devices such as the google chromecast having lowered their price to $ 35 and roku 2 costing just $ 70 . time warner said it wants to push its hbo now service to the 10 million broadband households that are not subscribed to a cable tv bundle service . it is also targeting the 70 million us cable tv subscribers who are n't hbo subscribers . outside the us , hbo shows are available through online and pay tv subscription services , such as sky . they include game of thrones , the sopranos , veep , silicon valley and sex in the city . the company has not yet revealed whether hbo now will be rolled out internationally . the service will ship with the apple tv in the us , which is now at a lower price of $ 69 ( £45 ) .the price cut is a reaction to devices such as the google chromecast having lowered their price to $ 35 and roku 2 costing just $ 70 . the company has not yet revealed whether hbo now will be rolled out internationally .