riddick bowe was once seen as the world 's best heavyweight fighter and reportedly had $ 15million , but he is now offering to post tweets for $ 20 . he was once the double heavyweight champion , with a career that allowed him to retire from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $ 15million . now riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20 . the 46-year-old recently offered to ' tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers . his offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s as the only man who could beat evander holyfield . bowe explained his plan to this thousands of followers in a post . he said : ' i will tweet anything to anyone just paypal me $ 20 bowe @ riddickbowe.com . thats whats up . bowe . and as apparent proof of his pledge a number of bizarre messages have since appeared on the former boxing champion 's twitter account . one post read : ' i tell you all now @ jakeleeyes is twice the fighter i ever was . thats whats up . bowe ' . and in others he posted messages from people asking for dates and venting their frustrations at taxi drivers , as well as promoting websites , small businesses and hotels . he wrote : ' im now in the business of endorsing yo companies helping those small business get off them ground im try help the little guy thats what i do . ' his actions seem a fall from his hey day in the 1990s when bowe was widely regarded as the best heavyweight fighter in the world . he motched up victories over former champion evander holyfield in 1992 at caesars palace and andrew golota , who was disqualified for low blows . he retired in 1997 and went on to join the marine corps reserves , but dropped out while he was training . next the boxer 's fortunes were to take an even more disastrous turn after he was imprisoned for 18 months for domestic violence after he held his now ex-wife and children against their will . in 2004 he returned to the ring and won three bouts in unconvincing fashion . bowe posted a message to his 451,000 followers offering to post any messages they wanted , and his tweets since then - from asking for dates to promoting companies - has proved that he means his offer . by 2005 bowe had filed for bankruptcy - a stark contrast to the days when he was rumoured to have $ 15million career earnings . his last fight was a win over gene pukall in germany in 2008 . by 2009 he was at a new jersey flea market , according to the new york times , selling his wares and speaking of his aim to return to the ring . in 2013 bowe made a comeback as a muay thai fighter , but was spectacularly beaten in the second round . at the time he said he had tried the sport because he was bored of retirement and needed the cash . bowe ( right ) faced evander holyfield ( left ) in 1992 and became the first person to beat the undefeated boxer . bowe ( left ) is pictured in 2004 , having beaten his opponent marcus rhode at fire lake casino oklahoma . the boxing champion has a chequered history with twitter - being forced to apologise last year after he posted a message saying he wanted all liverpool fans to die . he later said his message was a joke , as a dedicated everton fan . in the 1990s bowe became renowned for his victory over holyfield , who has suffered a similar loss of his fortune . holyfield beat bowe the following year in a rematch and also scored several victories over mike tyson . but most of holyfield 's £150million fortune has now gone , frittered away on gambling , funding three expensive divorces and maintenance payments for some of his 11 children .  