chris christie 's wife has quit her big-money job on wall street in what could be a sign her husband has decided to run for president in 2016 . may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week , a family spokesman confirmed . the official reason for the resignation was ' to spend more time with her family and young children ' . but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie , 52 , is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election . scroll down for video . ditching wall street : mary pat christie , right , has quit her $ 475,000-a-year position at finance firm angelo gordon & co . according to fox business , she had previously told colleagues that her leaving would be a precursor to her husband 's run . she is often seen out on the campaign trail with christie , making a recent appearance in new hampshire - a necessary stop for would-be presidents . earlier this month the christies said they were undecided about what mary pat should do with her job , and seemed to downplay the chances of her quitting . christie said then that leaving a career would be ' a big sacrifice for a spouse to make ' , and that it also ' would n't be a requirement ' , even if he did run for president . more of this ? the move is likely a precursor to christie 's bid for president - which would entail a lot of campaigning from mrs christie , pictured above with her husband in new hampshire . her decision mirrors that of another wall street republican spouse - ted cruz 's wife , heidi . mrs cruz , whose husband was the first to launch his presidential campaign , immediately took unpaid leave from her high-powered position at goldman sachs , and will stay away from the office for the duration of his campaign . mrs christie 's departure from her job will mean a major dip in the christies ' income . the family 's latest tax returns , from 2013 , revealed that she brought in the lion 's share of the family 's earnings . not the breadwinner : christie 's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him . she reported a $ 510,000 total salary , made up of the $ 475,000 managing director 's pay packet and around $ 35,000 from a side job as a bond trader . in the same year christie 's gubernatorial salary was $ 175,000 . however , during his visit to a new hampshire newspaper 's editorial board he insisted his family is ' not wealthy by current standards ' when complaining about the complexity of his tax return . he later tried to clarify his comments by saying ' we have four children to raise and a lot of things to do ' - but many pointed out that he still easily sits in the wealthiest 1 per cent of his home state . 