four people have died after a small twin-engine plane crashed in woodland in florida , killing everyone on-board . the tragedy happened as the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4.30pm on sunday . the unnamed pilot declared an emergency , but the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway , before bursting into flames . scroll down for video . a ' fireball ' exploded after the twin-engine plane crashed in florida . the reason for the crash is not yet known . firefighters battled to put out the flames on the crash site . four people died in the tragic incident on sunday . the pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway . eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the piper pa-31 aircraft coming into land . ' it sounded low , it looked low ' , bobby bemis told nbc in south florida . ' it nosedived right into the floor . it sounded like a semi truck hit a wall , it was so loud . ' bavon sylvain said he heard a ' loud explosion , a big fireball ' . he added : ' from what we saw , with the fireball , you could tell immediately that whoever was on that plane unfortunately passed away . ' the four victims have not been officially named , and it is not known why the plane crashed . emergency services struggled to reach the scene initially because of the scale of the blaze on the crash site . emergency services had trouble reaching the crash site because of the size of the fire , and spent sunday night investigating the scene . fort lauderdale fire division chief chantal botting.told cbs miami that there was little left of the plane when the flames were put out . the main cockpit of the vessel is still there , as well as the other adjacent wings and so forth , they are within a remote area , ' he said . the four victims of the crash have yet to be named . one runway at the airport was closed for investigators . ' our crews made an aggressive attack on the fire , extinguishing the fire within minutes . ' unfortunately , it was discovered there were four souls on board and unfortunately all four perished . ' the airport remains open but one runway is closed .