samantha cameron showcased another election campaign outfit this morning , firming up her position as the most stylish of the politician 's partners . the prime minister 's wife showed her support of uk business by sporting a thoroughly british outfit at the conservative party 's manifesto launch in swindon . wearing a simple but elegant £185 emerald green wrap dress by london-based designer the fold , mrs cameron looked every inch the first lady of british politics as she arrived at the town 's university technical colleges . winning in the style stakes : samantha cameron , wearing an £185 hampton dress in emerald green from the fold , supports husband david as he launches the conservative party 's manifesto in swindon . a vision in green : sam cam ( centre ) adds a dash of glamour as she applauds her husband while seated between george osborne ( right ) and william hague ( left ) . all smiles : samantha laughs at one of the prime minister 's more jovial points . sam cam , 43 , a huge fan of british designers , showed her commitment to uk brands once again by plumping for the hampton dress . the midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow v-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric , perfect for a woman travelling a lot - and a busy mother-of-four . the look was finished with a slim white belt to accentuate samantha 's enviable waistline and a pair of black heels . the company behind the frock has a flagship store in clerkenwell and was founded by polly mcmaster . the label specialises in contemporary work-wear . their collection is designed with ' modern , professional women in mind ' which makes them an ideal fit for sam cam . other celebrity fans include davina mccall and amanda holden . liking what they hear : george and samantha look happy with their man . wearing green but thinking blue : samantha stands out against the tory suits . sam , who appeared to have caught some easter sun , showed off tanned legs and arms , but kept her make-up simple with some subtle berry lipstick . jewellery was a pair of gold hoops and a slim gold chain bracelet . the prime minister 's wife recently showcased another element of her style - her taste in interiors , as a series of pictures of the cameron 's kitchen dining room were released , along with their 1950s retro-chic sofas and chairs and a funky steel lamp stretching over the table . promises : mr cameron took to the lectern to talk about the tory party 's intentions including doubling free childcare for working parents . listening intently : samantha looked comfortable in her emerald green wrap dress . today , she sat , the proverbial rose between two thorns , next to george osborne and william hague , listening intently as her husband took to the stage to outline his party 's key policies ahead of the general election on may 7 . in launching his manifesto , mr cameron promised voters ' the good life ' as he vowed to double free childcare for working parents and guarantee workers on the minimum wage will never pay income tax . david had sam 's full attention and she only paused to smile , exchange some knowing looks with the chancellor and to applaud . she also laughed heartily to the pm 's jokes and smiled broadly at other times , although occasionally pausing to adjust her long bob . after the speech was over she and her husband left hand in hand , with sam almost appearing to lead dave . view from the back : david and samantha make their way out of the venue . smiling into the sunshine : holding hands , the prime minister and his wife leave the conference at the university technical colleges in swindon . a wave to the crowds : david and samantha look happy after launching the manifesto . a helping hand : the pm shows his chivalrous side as he helped his wife get into a waiting car . during the speech , cameron claimed britain is ' on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave conservative manifesto , promising voters ' security at every stage of your life ' . the prime minister warned there is ' almost nothing without economic security ' as he set out an extension of margaret thatcher 's hugely popular right to buy scheme , vowed to scrap inheritance tax on homes worth up to £1million and promised to freeze rail fares for five years . while the audience cheered these plans , samantha 's sartorial choices were also a clear success . her latest appearance on the campaign trail comes after a mailonline poll found that if the electorate were voting for wives of politicians , they 'd put her at the top of the tree . the latest populus survey saw the conservatives and labour tied on 33 per cent , but if mrs cameron went up against justine miliband she surges to 38 per cent with labour on 30 per cent . a new populus poll for mailonline asked how people would vote if ( left to right ) samantha cameron , miriam clegg , justine miliband and kirsten farage were leaders instead of their husbands . if wives ruled the world : the tories would have an 8-point lead over labour if the women replaced their husbands as leader , a populus poll for mailonline reveals . senior tories have described mrs cameron as their ‘ secret weapon’ and her appearances on the campaign trail dominated coverage in the days after the election was called . the poll asked voters which party they would vote for if the women were the leaders instead of their husbands . mrs cameron came out on top with 38 per cent , with mrs miliband on 30 per cent . some 21 per cent said they would back miriam clegg , much higher than 8 per cent currently enjoyed by husband nick in the same survey . just 11 per cent of people said they would vote for ukip if nigel farage’s wife kirsten was leader . mrs farage keeps a much lower profile that the other leaders’ wives , with both mrs clegg and mrs miliband making regular appearances in the media and on the campaign trail . 