after suffering a blow in the september referendum , nicola sturgeon has steadily set about boosting her political profile . in spite of the defeat which prompted her predecessor 's resignation , the snp leader has racked up support across scotland since , with some fans even hopeful of a victory on may 7 . but weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against ed miliband , mrs sturgeon has been rocked by more smearing claims yet . for with just two weeks to go until she canvasses polling station queues , the 44-year-old has been accused of savage violence . the snp leader ( pictured right , aged 14 ) has denied her sister 's claims she used to shave the heads off her sister 's barbie dolls . according to her sister , gillian owens , the politician was prone to hacking the hair of from dolls as a child . ' she once cut the hair off my sindy doll , just for fun , ' gillian owens , a part-time actress , said . rebutting the claims , the politician told the bbc : ' i deny the allegations levelled at me by my sister . ' i 'm sure i did n't cut the hair off her barbie doll . ' but if i did it - and it 's an `` if '' - then there would have been provocation involved , i 'm sure of it . ' later posting on twitter , she added : ' for the record i think my sister is misremembering . i 'm sure it was a sindy doll . # dollgate . ' poking fun at the tale , she told one follower : ' i 'm not proud of it ... but i 've changed . my niece 's have never come to any harm . ' the accusations sparked a twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photographs of beheaded barbie dolls on saturday afternoon . the politician poked fun at her sister 's claims which sparked a twitter trend on saturday afternoon . twitter users were quick to join in on the joke , sharing photographs of beheaded dolls on the social network . one user shared this photograph of the snp leader as a murderous doll herself , holding a pair of scissors . a joke twitter account was set up in the name barbie sturgeon in the wake of the claims this weekend . in an interview with the sun , mrs sturgeon 's sister told of how they were ' like chalk and cheese ' growing up . ' i was into dolls and everything girly . nicola was into sitting reading . she was a very strong-minded wee girl . ' polls suggest the snp is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern british politics , winning as many as 50 of scotland’s 59 commons seats . that would be all but certain to leave it holding the balance of power at westminster for the first time . mrs sturgeon did not attend a ceremony at the cenotaph this morning with other party leaders to commemorate the centenary of the gallipoli landings . laying a wreath a scottish memorial site instead she later attended an snp women 's rally in glasgow city centre . the snp leader skipped the cenotaph ceremony to join female voters in central glasgow at a women 's rally .   