drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died . an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ' tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled . charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30am on march 18 , the morning after an alleged ' kegger ' at the house for the annual irish holiday . terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 , according to wistv . he is the son of columbia attorney charles terreni , a former staff member for then-lt. gov . bob peeler , a former state public service commissioner and a man involved in legislative redistricting . the death is still under investigation . circumstances leading up to his death are not clear , but the house was draped in st patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside . neither the fraternity nor the university has explained the situation in detail . however , usc suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death . neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg wednesday morning . ' i would say there are three houses there , and i do n't know who exactly lives in them , but there 's always a frequency of parties going on , ' neighbor mehrdad vejdani told fox carolina . ' at times , there can be a hundred people in that place . live band in the backyard , which is fine . i mean , some noise , but it does n't bother us too much . ' scroll down for video . suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning . rager ? neighbors said the house had a party the night before , on st patrick 's day . on wednesday , several stray cups and a keg were seen on the porch , as well as clover decorations . the columbia police department and richland county coroner 's office have both labeled the death ' suspicious ' . responding the terreni 's death , the fraternity 's national office released a statement saying the usc chapter had been placed on leave pending the investigation . it said : ' the fraternity’s thoughts and prayers are with the family of this young man and the brothers of xi chapter ' . a spokesman for usc added : ' there are a lot of rumors out there about the circumstances surrounding the death but at this point the matter remains under investigation . ' ' while we await further information we are focused on helping our community grieve and heal . ' this is the second incident at the fraternity in a week . last friday , the university of connecticut chapter lost recognition for hazing members , providing alcohol to underage students and harassing women . pi kappa alpha was founded in 1868 at the university of virginia and has now grown to include some 220 groups across the u.s. and canada . the house has been plagued by controversy before . in november 2012 , a 19-year-old student at northern illinois university died after a night of heavy drinking . five frat members were charged with felonies for hazing and the chapter was suspended indefinitely . that same year , the university of tennessee , knoxville chapter was suspended indefinitely when a 20-year-old member was hospitalized for reportedly ingesting wine through his anus .