football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 , however he is facing opposition from the premier league . the proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . fa chairman greg dyke ( left ) , speaking with premier league chief richard scudamore , wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs . graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren have signed a letter addressed to dyke , the daily telegraph reports . according to the newspaper , the five former three lions bosses warn the english game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa 's england commission . ' we urge everyone in the english game to get behind them as quickly as possible , ' the letter reportedly says . it adds : ' failure to do so risks england falling further behind the leading football nations and will only make it harder to end the long wait to win the world cup . ' former england managers ( clockwise ) glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , steve mcclaren and sven-goran eriksson have backed dyke 's call . only 81 of the 220 premier league starters in the last round of matches were eligible for england selection - a fairly pitiful 36.8 per cent . the managers add : ' there are many reasons why england has failed to win any major honours since 1966 and each of us bears a portion of that responsibility . ' however , as the england commission 's evidence has demonstrated , the pool of english talent playing at the very top level is shrinking and it 's an undeniable fact that this is a clear disadvantage for any england manager . ' the rise of harry kane ( centre ) proves that england can bring through talented youngsters . a draw for england in italy on tuesday was a respectable result , and roy hodgson 's team have encountered no trouble in their euro 2016 qualifying group to date , winning all five of their matches . there are signs of encouragement with the emergence of a new generation of young players , the former england bosses reason . ' with promising players such as ( ross ) barkley , ( raheem ) sterling and ( harry ) kane starting to break through , it is clear we can still produce top young talent , ' they write . ' the one thing they are not being offered is the most important of all : opportunity . ' 