nasa has released the first close-up views of the north pole of dwarf planet ceres from the dawn spacecraft . dawn arrived on 6 march , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet , and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission . however , the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘ bright spots’ on the surface of the world are , which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike . nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres ( shown ) . they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles ( 33,000km ) . the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres . and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . the latest images were taken on 10 april from a distance of 21,000 miles ( 33,000km ) , and are the highest-resolution views of ceres so far . the spacecraft is currently on the side of the planet that is mostly shrouded in darkness , but over the coming months it will see more of the world in light . and it will also see ceres in better and a higher resolution . ceres is 590 miles ( 950 km ) across and was discovered in 1801 . it is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ' dwarf planet ' . it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform . nasa 's dawn spacecraft has been making its way to ceres from the asteroid vesta since september 2012 . there is high interest in the mission because ceres because it is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . ceres is the largest body in the main asteroid belt between mars and jupiter , with an average diameter of 590 miles ( 950km ) . dawn has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf planet since leaving the giant asteroid vesta in 2012 . its first ‘ science orbit’ will begin on 23 april , with the spacecraft remaining a distance of 8,400 miles ( 13,500km ) away until 9 may . after this , it will begin making lower and lower orbits to get better views of the surface . the mission will allow scientists to study the last major body between earth and jupiter that has yet to be explored . ' the mission is so exciting , because we 're exploring the last uncharted world of the solar system , ' dr marc rayman , dawn chief engineer and mission director at jpl told mailonline . ' for me the opportunity to travel to this distant alien world that has been known of for two centuries , a mysterious world of rock and ice , perhaps with subsurface liquid water maybe stored as ponds , lakes or oceans , is very exciting . ' shown above is an animation of ceres rotating as dawn observed its north pole . ceres is about 2.8 times further from the sun than earth , and a day on the dwarf planet lasts nine earth hours . credit : nasa . dawn ( artist 's illustration shown ) has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf planet since leaving the giant asteroid vesta in 2012 . its first ‘ science orbit’ will begin on 23 april , with the spacecraft remaining a distance of 8,400 miles ( 13,500km ) away until 9 may . in the next few weeks and months , the dwarf planet will be studied in great detail . but the most impressive images will be returned in december , when dawn starts one of its lowest science orbits . it will be at an altitude of just 225 miles ( 360km ) above the surface - below the orbital height of the international space station around earth - allowing it to get high resolution images of the surface . the primary science mission for the spacecraft will last until june 2016 - by which the team expects to have achieved all of its scientific goals -and it is unlikely the spacecraft will be extended beyond that date , as it will probably start running out of fuel by then . this map-projected view of ceres was created from images taken by nasa 's dawn spacecraft during its initial approach to the dwarf planet , prior to being captured into orbit in march 2015 . differences in morphology and color across the surface suggest ceres was once an active body . perhaps of most interest , though , are the mystery bright spots on the surface . these are thought to possibly be expanses of ice inside a crater on ceres . based on new infrared images released by nasa the other day , it appears that the pair of spots have different thermal properties - suggesting they have different origins . they could also be towering ‘ water volcanoes’ , but more observations will be needed to confirm or deny this . ' the bright spots continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' said chris russell from the university of california , los angeles . these images , from dawn 's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer ( vir ) , highlight two regions on ceres containing bright spots . the images suggest they coudl be towering ‘ water volcanoes’ , but more observations will be needed to confirm or deny this . ' the bright spots [ seen in this previous nasa image ] continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' said chris russell from the university of california , los angeles . 