women paid 62p an hour in mauritius to make ‘feminist’ t-shirts have been beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ‘sweatshop’ factory . dozens of workers at the factory – exposed by the mail on sunday for its low wages and prison-like accommodation for women making the ‘ this is what a feminist looks like’ t-shirts – have been sacked and deported for staging what bosses called ‘ an illegal strike’ . at the end of a peaceful three-day protest , bangladeshi migrant workers – who produce clothes for whistles , topshop and next – were surrounded by officers who charged at them , hitting out with batons , before dragging the screaming women away . scroll down for video . beaten : workers were treated roughly by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ‘sweatshop’ factory . as many as 1,800 workers at the compagnie mauricienne de textile ( cmt ) factory went on strike last week about their pay , harsh treatment , food and concerns about a missing worker . now 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs . whistles , in partnership with feminist charity the fawcett society and elle magazine , enlisted the factory to make the £45 t-shirts last year and they were proudly worn by labour leader ed miliband , his deputy harriet harman and deputy prime minister nick clegg . after this newspaper revealed the female workers’ poor pay and living conditions – they sleep 16 to a room – whistles and the fawcett society defended the factory , claiming it conformed to ‘ ethical standards’ . exposed : the 62p-an-hour factory where ' this is what a feminist looks like ' t-shirt was made . but last night , whistles and topshop announced investigations , while next cancelled its orders from the factory . a labour spokesman condemned the violence . one bangladeshi worker , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said : ‘ police charged at us , beating us with sticks . we started screaming and running . they hit us and dragged some of the women away . i’m really scared i’ll be deported as well . if i lose my job , my family will be ruined . ’ fighting back tears , she lifted the lid on life inside the factory , revealing that employees were told by bosses to lie to auditors about their working conditions or face being sacked . she said they are often forced to work from 7.30am until 11pm to meet unreasonable targets of making 300 garments a day . she added that the women , who work six-day weeks , are not paid for all of their overtime . the strike was sparked after factory worker nazma aktear went missing on march 26 following a hospital visit . her colleagues grew increasingly worried when bosses failed to provide information about her whereabouts . they downed tools on tuesday . the day after , as protests escalated , police and government ministers ordered the employees back to work . a dedicated band of 200 women continued the strike on thursday despite miss aktear being found . bosses paraded a frail miss aktear in front of the protesters and repeated orders for them to return to work . but the workers , who receive less than the island’s living wage , refused and the violence ensued . unrest : a striker is led away by police at the mauritius factory amid unrest of pay and conditions . violence : dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported following the strike at the mauritius factory where police are accused of brutality . following our exposé in november , next met with factory bosses and ‘ identified a number of specific shortcomings that required addressing by cmt’ and last week it carried out another inspection and found ‘ there are still some outstanding areas of concern’ . it has now cancelled its most recent order and future orders pending an inquiry . a whistles spokesman said : ‘ we are deeply concerned by reports of recent events concerning the cmt factory . we are investigating these allegations as a matter of urgency . ’ a spokeswoman for topshop owner arcadia said : ‘ we have started a full and detailed investigation into the reported incident . ’ a spokesman for miliband and harman said the t-shirts were ‘ a campaign run by elle and the fawcett society to promote feminism and we were happy to support it’ . elle , the fawcett society and cmt refused to comment . 