on saturday , rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles ( 14 km ) of comet 67p 's surface . during this close flyby , the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail . the top right frame offers a stunning view onto hapi , the comet’s ‘neck’ region that is littered with boulders . as part of the recent moves around comet 67p , rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles ( 14 km ) of the comet’s surface on saturday . its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right . the view also gives a detailed look at the numerous , curved markings visible on the smooth surface . in the same frame , details in the cliffs of hathor can be seen , leading up to the ‘head’ of the comet’s small lobe . the region towards the right of this frame shows the transition between this smooth , presumably dust-covered portion , and the layered , exposed cliffs below . the european space agency also recently released a trove ofimages captured by the rosetta probe during its long journey to comet 67p/ churyumov-gerasimenko . this stunning scene was created from two rosetta frames acquired at 12 miles ( 19.9 km ) from the comet centre on 28 march . the scale is about 1.7 m/pixel and the image measures 3.1 x 1.7 km . the top right frame offers a stunning view onto hapi , the comet’s ‘neck’ region littered with boulders . the scale at this distance is 1.4 m/pixel . they include images of earth and mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ‘ gravity assist manoeuvres’ in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . as rosetta makes an adventurous passes through the geysers of comet in the coming months , scientists hope to discover more information about the comet’s interior from the jets . the rosetta probe , which was carrying philae , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of earth and mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67p . it chased comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in august 2014 . after a four billion mile ( 6.5 billion km ) journey , the probe then successfully released the philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 november 2014 , travelling at 3.3ft ( one metre ) per second relative to the comet . but when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . this resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles ( 1km ) above the comet before again landing on the surface . it then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . from data collected by the two proves , esa said that water on the comet was different to that on earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . and with the comet becoming more active as it approaches the sun , these next few months are providing the best opportunity yet to study the comet - but it is not without risk . ‘ the comet is getting super exciting , ’ said esa’s rosetta project scientist dr matt taylor in the times . ‘ hundreds of kilos per second of material is flinging off it . we want to a do a fly-by through one of these active regions . ’ the probe will be brought within nine miles ( 15km ) of the comet , with its path taking it right through 67p’s geysers . these jets are formed when ice on the surface sublimates - or vapourises - and they become more active as the comet approaches the sun . it is getting closer and closer over the next few months , with its point of closest approach taking place in august . as it becomes more active , rosetta has a fantastic opportunity to sweep through the increasingly large jets and gather data . in so doing , though , the probe can become disorientated . it relies on seeing stars to know where it is , but the jets can obscure its view . this means that , occasionally , the spacecraft has to take evasive actions when it passes through a jet , to get itself into empty space and re-orientate itself relative to the stars . but studying the jets could reveal vital data on how gas and dust flows out from the surface , and it could also reveal the connection between the comet’s atmosphere - its coma - and the surface . as the comet gets closer to the sun , scientists will also be hoping to hear from the philae lander on the surface . the washing machine-sized philae probe gripped the imaginations of the world when it landed on comet 67p on 12 november 2014 . but after making two unscheduled bounces on the surface , the probe landed in an unknown location and ran out of power . the european space agency also recently released a trove of images captured by the rosetta probe during its long journey to comet 67p/ churyumov-gerasimenko . seen here is rosetta 's view of earth on march 5th , 2005 . the latest images include ones of earth and mars which were taken when the probe was attempting ‘ gravity assist manoeuvres’ in which it used other planets to slingshot its way towards the comet . pictured is mars as seen by rosetta in 2007 . now , as the comet approaches the sun , it is hoped that solar rays will recharge philae’s batteries and bring it back to life . earlier in march scientists sent commands to the lander in the hope it would respond , but with no luck . on 14 april they will make another attempt to get in contact - and , if it stirs from its slumber , philae will have a fantastic opportunity to study the comet as it reaches peak activity . speaking about the most recent attempt to find the probe , rosetta mission manager patrick martin told mailonline : ‘ we were trying to see if the lander would wake up and , at the same time , we sent some commands for the lander to better divide its weight and power situation . ‘ we don’t yet know if the commands have gone through - we might have to wait a bit longer - but basically after one week we did not receive a signal from the lander . ’ the main issue at the moment is that , for the lander simply to wake up , it needs enough sunlight to produce 5.5 watts of power - a temperature of around -45°c ( -49°f ) . but to start communicating with rosetta again the temperature needs to raise a few more degrees so it can generate 19 watts of power . it may have already reached the former level , which might mean it is already operational and able to receive signals - but we won’t hear anything until it boosts its power to the latter . the next few months are certain to be an exciting time , though - not just for philae , but for the orbiting rosetta spacecraft as well .