a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ' seven ' on social media . since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries . and now he is on the hunt for a new home . a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood . once it was taken to the vet by a passer-by , doctors found maggots in its mouth while also discovering that the cat had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs . the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east suburb of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . seven was first introduced to the public in march when my vet animal hospital posted a desperate call out to its owner . found on the corner of o'dea and joynton avenue in zetland , the cat - believed to have fallen off a balcony - had no microchip and was in a ' terrible state ' . once it was taken to the vet by a passer-by , doctors found maggots in its mouth while also discovering that the cat had injuries including a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs . soon after , the clinic issued another post - this time seeking funds to raise enough money for seven to receive all the appropriate treatment for his recovery . seven was first introduced to the public in march when my vet animal hospital posted a desperate call out to its owner . since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries . ' my name is seven and i 've been too sick to introduce myself for the past 2 days ! ' the facebook post reads . ' a kind man brought me in after he found me lying on the floor covered in maggots and blood , i was on the verge of going to kitty heaven . ' the girls @ myvetanimalhospital refused to give up on me and started treatments immediately . ' i hope to raise enough money for me to receive all the treatments that i need to get better and well again . please help me get better because i want to ! ' found on the corner of o'dea and joynton avenue in zetland , the cat - believed to have fallen off a balcony - had no microchip and was in a ' terrible state ' . it was taken in by a local vet clinic , my vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ' seven ' on social media . the plea had hundreds of shares on facebook and with further help of fliers distributed near where seven was found , his owner eventually came forward but had to surrender his pet as he could not pay for its treatments . since the accident , seven has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg . this was all paid for by the funds raised by those who were touched by seven 's story of survival . the clinic 's veterinary nurse jaycee britter told the daily telegraph the surgeries cost over $ 3000 . for seven , the vet clinic has been his temporary home for the last month where he is slowly learning to walk again . doctors say seven will be ready for his new home in about six weeks time .