george w. bush ' just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary has revealed . dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d.c . perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy , but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions , she wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side . ' the mom was beside herself with grief . she yelled at the president , wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed , ' perino wrote in an excerpt published by the daily signal . perino said the woman 's husband tried to calm her and that , at first , the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just ' stood and took it ' . scroll down for video . george w. bush ' just stood and took it ' when the grieving mother of a dying soldier screamed at him while he was paying a visit to a military hospital , his former press secretary dana perino has revealed ( file photo ) . she said it was like bush ' expected and needed to hear the anguish , to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could ' . perino , who served in the bush administration for seven years , said the president had been in no hurry to leave the soldier 's room as the mother screamed at him . and she said it was n't until they were both back on the president 's marine one helicopter , heading toward the white house , that bush addressed the incident . ' that mama sure was mad at me , ' perino recalled the president saying as he looked out the window . ' and i do n't blame her a bit . ' perino said she then saw ' one tear ' fall from the president 's eye and down his face , which he did n't wipe away . on that same day at the hospital , perino said bush met a young marine who opened his eyes for the first time while the president was in the room to award him with a purple heart . perino said the family of the marine , who had been injured when a roadside bomb hit his humvee , was ' so excited ' to see the president and ' gave him big hugs ' as they thanked him ' over and over ' . after the marine was presented with the award by a military aide , perino said his five-year-old son asked the president what a purple heart was . perino said bush 's regular visits to wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington d.c. were usually filled with joy , but there were also exceptions ( file photo ) . perino said bush ' pulled the little boy closer to him ' and said ' it 's an award for your dad , because he is very brave and courageous , and because he loves his country so much ' . ' and i hope you know how much he loves you and your mom too . ' perino said that 's when the medical staff noticed the marine had suddenly opened his eyes . she said the president ' rushed over to the side of the bed ' and took the marine 's face ' in his hands ' so they could lock eyes . that 's when he asked the military aide to present the marine with the purple heart for a second time , perino said . ' the president had tears dripping from his eyes on the marine 's face . as the presentation ended , the president rested his forehead on the marine 's for a moment ' . she said the scene with the marine , who she would later find out died six days later from his injuries , brought tears to the eyes of everyone in the hospital room that day ' for so many reasons ' . ' the sacrifice , the pain and suffering , the love of country , ' she said . ' and the witnessing of a relationship between a soldier and his commander-in-chief , that the rest of us could never fully grasp . ' perino ( pictured while serving as bush 's press secretary in 2007 ) said the mother yelled at the president and asked him why it was her son instead of his who was now lying in a hospital bed .