raising the retirement age is unfair on scottish pensioners because they die younger , nicola sturgeon declared yesterday . the snp demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds - as the latest price of propping up ed miliband in downing street in the event of a hung parliament . miss sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . raising the retirement age is unfair on scottish pensioners because they die younger , nicola sturgeon declared yesterday . she is pictured at the westerton care home during an election campaign visit in glasgow . the snp leader demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds . at the same time , she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the state pension , which would cost billions of pounds more . miss sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘ at least’ £160 a week . it is currently £113 . parts of scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the uk . in central glasgow it is less than 73 years for men and for women less than 79 . across scotland the figure is about 76 for men and 80 for women . in england and wales the figures are nearly 79 for men and nearly 83 for women . but various studies have linked lower life expectancy in scotland to higher rates of alcohol consumption , smoking , and poor diet . it is also linked to levels of poverty and housing . her comments will raise concerns that the snp will demand a more expensive pension system across the whole of the uk which will benefit scotland most . miss sturgeon said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘ at least’ £160 a week . it is currently £113 . speaking on a visit to a care home in east dunbartonshire , miss sturgeon said : ‘ the tory/lib dem government’s plan to further increase the state pension age is a worry to people across the uk who are planning for their future , but the failure to take scotland’s specific circumstances into account is particularly unfair . ‘ our comparatively low life expectancy rate is an issue which i will do everything in my power to change but in the meantime it would be completely unacceptable for people in scotland who have paid in to a state pension all of their lives to lose out . ’ ‘ that is why snp mps will reject any plans for a further increase in the state pension age . ’ ‘ our pensioners have contributed hugely to society and are entitled to get a fair deal in their retirement in return . she said the snp would ensure that ‘ the contribution older people have made throughout their lives is recognised’ if they hold the balance of power after the election . miss sturgeon also issued a demand for the single tier pension to increase to at least ‘ to ensure pensioners are no longer subjected to the scourge of means-tested benefits . ’ the snp have demanded an end to ‘austerity’ and for the trident nuclear missile system to be scrapped . a conservative party spokesman said : ‘ capping the state pension age in scotland will cost hardworking taxpayers across britain more than £12.5 billion . ‘ this gives another glimpse into a future with ed miliband as prime minister , in the snp’s pocket – meaning more borrowing , more spending , and more debt than our children could ever hope to repay . ’ on sunday miss sturgeon said the snp would be prepared to prop up a minority labour government even if ed miliband lost the election . she said the party’s mps would vote to support labour even if the party won fewer seats than the conservatives on may 7 . the snp have demanded an end to ‘austerity’ and for the trident nuclear missile system to be scrapped . for many years , the uk state pension age for men was 65 and the state pension age for women was 60 . but from 2020 , both men and women’s retirement age will be 66 , increasing to 67 between 2026 and 2028 , and then linked to life expectancy after that . the government will then review the state pension age every five years . during last year’s referendum campaign , the snp argued the level should only increase to 66 in scotland , because a lower life expectancy means pensioners receive between £10,000 and £11,000 less .