a mother has filmed the moment her five-year-year girl decided to give her a telling-off about the ' mess ' in their house and her brother 's bad behaviour . saige , five , who 's from the us , concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum 's best friend : ' i 'm moving on , i 'm going to jenn 's ! ' unfortunately for her , her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter , responding : ' no you 're not . ' scroll down for video . ' i 'm moving ! ' says five-year-old saige , who has had enough of living with her mother for five years . in the video titled , ' saige is mad and she 's moving on ' , the determined little girl , gives her mother a stern nod and replies : ' yes i am ! ' when her mother - who has n't revealed her name but posts videos under youtube channel fourth st. james - asks her why she has to move out , saige says she 's been in the house ' way too long ... for , like , five years ' . she tells her mother what 's behind her bad mood , explaining : ' i need to move on sometimes ' . saige then adds : ' i will make jenn 's house as clean as i can make it . her mother replies : ' why ca n't you make my house clean ? ' ' because i do n't love you , ' says saige , ' this is way dirty , it has no space . my room is a disaster , it has no room and i can barely have room to put my stuff . ' ' if tanner wants me to move , i 'm moving ! ' says saige , who is upset with her brother for throwing dirt at her . her brother tanner - with whom she is ' mad ' - teases : ' what are you going to do at jenn 's house ? ' defiant saige says : ' i have lots of stuff . i 'm moving on ! ' ' i 'm going to miss you ! ' says mum . ' if tanner wants me to move , i 'm moving ! ' says saige . she says she does n't care if her mum is sad , and that she will move to jenn 's ' probably after tomorrow ' . her brother throwing dirt at her is also partly to blame . the state of the house is also a problem . ' this is way dirty , it has no space . my room is a disaster , ' says saige .