it 's the fat-shaming/fit-shaming controversy that 's refusing to go away . online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini , asking : ' are you beach body ready ? ' the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed . transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption : ' yes . we are beach body ready . ' scroll down for video . ' yes . we are beach body ready ' : an unknown internet source has recreated the controversial protein world ad , with curvy alternatives . the original poster , from protein world , has been subject to much controversy , with many citing it as 'body-shaming ' the spoof advert follows the same striking format as the protein world original , with an eye-catching yellow background and bold font , and is marked up as a dove product ( dove 's real beauty campaign encourages women to appreciate their bodies , regardless of size and shape ) but the brand have denied being involved . after being made aware of the copycat image a representative for dove said : the ad was not created by dove but we do believe that every woman is beach body ready ! dove added : ' in 2004 , 75 % of women felt advertising and media set unrealistic standards of beauty . today , that figure is 66 % , with the perception being that more diversity is portrayed in the images of women we see around us . ' we have clearly made some progress in the 11 years since dove started campaign for real beauty but there is still much to do . two thirds of uk women would prefer to see more women of different weights and shapes , different ages and without digital enhancement in the media . this is why dove will continue to champion beauty for everyone because looking and feeling your best makes you feel happier . ' the image , which was posted on the london underground , is now being removed following complaints . billboards such as this one , were defaced , as a result of anger from body image campaigners and bloggers . it comes as plus-sized fashion label simply be also created its own poster . the parody showing model jocelyn corona in a bikini is being displayed at london 's knightsbridge tube station on saturday . protesters are planning to gather to demonstrate against the original poster . ms corona said : ' every woman has the right to feel comfortable in their own skin . i love being able to show off my curves , so it 's great to see brands like simply be representing real women in the uk . ' simply be spokesman ed watson said that the controversial protein world advert was ' at best outdated , at worst insulting ' . he said : ' while the protein world model , renee , is undeniably beautiful and i 'm sure very healthy , it is irresponsible to project something that is largely unachievable as the ideal . ' we need to make people feel great about themselves and this poster does the opposite . ' because it so literally flew in the face of our ethos of self-acceptance , we wanted to get our message out further , hence taking ad space in one of london 's busiest tube stations . ' the original yellow billboard image received around 270 complaints to the advertising standards authority ( asa ) , mostly insisting that it objectified women and that it carried the insinuation that only svelte models were ready to go to the beach . the model in the advert , renee somerfield , 24 , has spoken out about being body-shamed herself . various posters were subject to defiant vandalism , with uproar sweeping social media . one billboard was pasted over with a piece of paper which read : ' your body is fine just as it is . whatever it looks like , your body is not a commodity . # everybody'sready # everydaysexism ' . although fitness company protein world claims that the image is unphotoshopped , it clearly touched a nerve , with a further 60,000 outraged people signing an online petition on website change.org asking protein world to take down the ads . interestingly , the 24-year-old model in the ad herself , australian renee somerfield has cited the irony of people getting angry about the 'body-shaming ' poster , whilst body-shaming her . in an interview with huffington post , the model said : ' i am a real person behind the image . i work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why protein world chose me for their campaign . i could n't work every day as a full time model by starving myself , dieting or not looking after my body . nourish your body , be kind to it and it will love you right back , no matter your size . '