a mother has revealed that despite winning her wrongful arrest case against the police after she was handcuffed in front of her down syndrome daughter , she has n't had an apology . valerie cadman-khan , 56 , from middlesbrough , appeared on this morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect . the council worker appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when her daughter aimee , now 19 , was just 12 . scroll down for video . valerie cadman-khan , from middlesborough , appeared on this morning , with her daughter , aimee , now 19 . the 56-year-old mother was interviewed by ruth langsford on this morning about finally getting justice and winning the lawsuit against the police . valerie recalled how she was cuffed in front of her scared and crying daughter . but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question . she said : ‘ i felt like i had to reaffirm certain things to everybody . i kept saying to people , `` i’m a good mum . i’m a good mum '' . ’ when questioned on whether she thought justice has been served in court last month , valerie revisited her feelings towards detective sergeant colin helyer who arrested her . ‘ i think justice has now been done . when i watched him in the dock and i saw him giving the evidence and lying about me , i felt as though he knew that i knew he was a liar and that gave me relief , ' she said . ' i was in a position before where i could n't do anything and then the tables were turned , because he was in that position and he could n't get out of the witness box . ' following the incident involving daughter aimee ( pictured right ) , valerie 's ( pictured left ) confidence as a mother was called into question . during the interview , valerie ( pictured right ) is seen visibly upset when recalling the incident involving daughter aimee , who was 12 at the time . when asked if she has received an apology yet , valerie admitted that she had not . ‘ not yet . they’re waiting for the outcome of the judge 's determination and then they will apologise at that point . ' cleveland police accused valerie of negligent behaviour , claiming she left the child alone for 45 minutes in the garden . middlesbrough county court heard how officer detective sergeant colin helyer ' lied ' to the local authority child abuse investigation to justify arresting the mother of five . on the day in question in november 2008 , he had been called to her former partner 's home over an unpaid tax bill . aimee had been left in the man 's care and was sitting outside when police arrived . mrs cadman khan was at work . but the police officer began ' banging ' on the front door and later claimed the child had turned ' purple ' because she was not wearing a coat . valerie cadman-khan has successfully sued cleveland police for wrongful arrest after being handcuffed in front of her daughter aimee when she was 12 . the 56-year-old was led away from her former boyfriend 's house in front of her daughter amid false claims aimee , who has down 's syndrome , had been left alone for 45 minutes in the cold . upon her arrival at the property mrs cadman-khan , who left work early because she was not feeling well , was arrested and taken away by police . aimee was forced to watch the incident , all the while screaming : ' i want my mummy , ' she claimed . her mother launched a wrongful arrest suit and has won her case against the force . her claim for £34,000 in compensation will be assessed at a later date . speaking of her ordeal the teacher , who works for the council at east coast training , a pupil referral centre , said : ' it was never about the money - it was about clearing my name after the injustice to me and my little girl . detective sergeant colin helyer was accused of ' freestyle lying ' in his version of events . ' this should never have come to court , i only wanted an apology . ' all i could hear was my little girl shouting `` i want my mummy , i want my mummy '' . ' it was horrendous . ' after arresting mrs cadman-khan on suspicion of child neglect , det sgt helyer ' lied under oath ' to claim aimee had been mistreated , the court heard . ' he falsely asserted that aimee had been purple and suggested the client had been violent to him , ' nick stanage , barrister for mrs cadman-khan said . ' sadly this was a witness that even when caught in a lie by the court he was unwilling to be honest about it . ' ' for a woman of good character from that profession to be arrested and accused of allegations of child neglect and cruelty is of the utmost seriousness . ' he denied maliciously arresting the mother of five , insisting that all of his actions were in aimee 's best interest . ' in the balance of probability it was more likely sgt helyer overreacted and was led by his concerns for aimee , ' said nathan adams representing cleveland police . ' he accepted in evidence he lost his temper and was banging on the door . he was concerned for the mental and physical wellbeing of aimee . ' judge gillian matthews qc however told the court the sergeant had been ' freestyle lying ' in his accounts . ' one of your problems is the witness has lied . he was prepared to mislead the court in what i call freestyle lying , ' she said . the force will apologise pending her judgment on suitable reward , mr adams added . mrs cadman-khan was left ' humiliated ' by the ordeal throughout which aimee , now 19 , could be heard screaming : ' i want my mummy ' . the mother of five has successfully sued cleveland police . the force said it will apologise when the judge has ruled on a reward .