it is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored . deep in injury time , with blackburn’s fa cup journey about to end , simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out . eastwood , oddly , had time and , even more strangely given the melee in the area , he had space , too . he had the whole goal to aim at . he should have scored . as it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet , who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line . we do not blame eastwood , of course . he is a goalkeeper . but he will wake this morning knowing that a peculiar and romantic part in fa cup folklore could have been his . liverpool celebrated a place in the fa cup semi-finals after beating blackburn , setting up a wembley encounter with aston villa . philippe coutinho scored the decisive goal for liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at ewood park . jordan henderson , kolo toure and joe allen celebrate after liverpool secured their place in the fa cup semi-finals . liverpool manager brendan rodgers celebrates with henderson after his team ousted the championship outfit . blackburn players look dejected while liverpool celebrate their progression after a hard-fought quarter-final replay . blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner . blackburn defender matt kilgallon sinks to the floor at the final whistle after blackburn 's elimination . blackburn : eastwood , henley , baptiste , kilgallon , olsson , evans , williamson , conway ( gestede 65 ) , cairney , marshall , rhodes . subs not used : nyambe , spurr , songo'o , lenihan , steele , mahoney . booked : evans . liverpool : mignolet , johnson , lovren , sakho ( toure 28 ) , moreno , henderson , lucas , allen , sterling , sturridge ( lambert 85 ) , coutinho . subs not used : jones , manquillo , borini , brannagan , markovic . goals : coutinho 70 . referee : kevin friend ( leicestershire ) . attendance : 28,415 . blackburn may not have gone on to win . they were losing 1-0 at the time and a goal so late on would only have taken them in to extra-time . nevertheless , liverpool will go on to a semi-final date with aston villa knowing that they were almost part of one of the great cup stories — and not in a good way . blackburn boss gary bowyer had looked ready to celebrate the unlikeliest of goals . he said : ‘ i think it was more shock that he managed to do that and turn . it was an unbelievable turn from him , a last roll of the dice . to have pushed liverpool like that over two games and still have a chance like that means there’s nothing but praise for my players . ’ over the course of the piece , liverpool deserved their win . they were not wholly convincing and will need to improve markedly if they are to win this competition or make another desperate late dart towards the champions league places . nevertheless , they dominated the majority of the possession and defended manfully when they had to . without their two best defenders — the suspended pair emre can and martin skrtel — liverpool reverted to a back four and then lost mamadou sakho to injury . however , the makeshift pair of dejan lovren and kolo toure stepped up and deserve credit . toure was wretched in the barclays premier league defeat at arsenal at the weekend but was excellent here . at times , experience counts for much . so does timing , of course , and philippe countinho’s was excellent on wednesday . with 20 minutes to go , this was a game that looked as though it may be about to swing towards blackburn . coutinho watches his shot find the bottom corner of the blackburn goal to give liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play . the brazilian 's shot flicks the inside of the far post before nestling in the back of the net at ewood park . coutinho was mobbed by his team-mates after scoring what proved to be liverpool 's winner in the tie . blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time , but his shot was saved . daniel sturridge , pictured being closed down by blackburn 's adam henley , returned to the liverpool starting line-up . liverpool winger raheem sterling tries to elude the challenge from blackburn 's henley . blackburn 's ben marshall beats henderson to the ball as he forces a header towards the liverpool goal . reading vs arsenal . sat 18 april , 5.20pm . aston villa vs liverpool . sunday 19 april , 3pm . ( both ties to be played at wembley ) . having just thrown on their big forward rudy gestede — a player who had caused liverpool so much trouble in the first game a month ago — the championship team were beginning to seriously trouble their opponents . within a minute of his arrival , gestede outmuscled jordan henderson in the middle of the field and released tom cairney , who had to be tackled desperately by toure . then , from the ensuing corner , mignolet was forced to come and palm the ball away rather desperately under pressure . for bowyer and his team , it looked as though the perfect storm was brewing . liverpool had enjoyed huge swathes of possession but had most of their approach play floundered against blackburn’s defensive barricades manned by the exceptional matt kilgallon and alex baptiste . liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet makes a save onto the post to deny marshall giving blackburn the lead . blackburn 's tom cairney is clipped by liverpool defender alberto moreno after evading the spaniard 's challenge . now , with the last quarter of the game upon them , blackburn were scenting blood only for coutinho to draw their sting with one of the few moments of stardust quality liverpool managed all night . seeing a 70th minute corner come back to him from a defender , coutinho had the awareness to lay the ball off to henderson and then make a move towards the return . it was this that created the space and the rest — the control and shot across goal in to the corner — was down purely to confidence , touch and purpose . these three qualities had been missing from much of liverpool’s play . daniel sturridge , for example , was wretched . for him every second touch was a tackle and young raheem sterling did not do an awful lot better . liverpool 's brazilian midfielder coutinho tries to unlock the blackburn defence as kilgallon stands him up . toure watches on after blackburn goalkeeper eastwood makes a save during the first half at ewood park . jordan rhodes attempts a shot at goal in the second half , but it was blocked by liverpool defender toure . liverpool goalkeeper mignolet punches the ball clear as blackburn 's rudy gestede attempts to head the ball . liverpool , though , do have players of high class and when people like coutinho are around the keys to the jail cell are never far from reach . afterwards , blackburn manager bowyer did have a complaint to make . at the start of the second half , mignolet made a diving save from cairney and then , from the corner , an even better one from a ben marshall header . replays showed that the ball may have brushed joe allen’s arm before it reached the liverpool goalkeeper . if it did , though , it did not deviate . there is no way that referee kevin friend could have spotted it . it would have taken cricket’s hot spot to reveal the thinnest of outside edges and as such it was hard to feel too much empathy with bowyer . cairney steps away from a challenge from liverpool midfielder allen during the quarter-final replay . liverpool manager rodgers and blackburn boss gary bowyer talk in the technical area . ewood park was sold out for the quarter-final replay after the initial tie at anfield last month ended goalless . on the whole , his team were excellent . so , too , were the home crowd who have rather criminally been deprived of nights like this since their club’s ownership changed hands four-and-half years ago . just as they did in the first game , blackburn struggled for prolonged possession but still scared liverpool at times . jordan rhodes , for example , should have scored with a header in the first half . liverpool , for their part , lived on half chances . they are not fluent at the moment . they are in the last four , though . had the goalkeeper taken better aim , it may have been different .