although hillary clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million twitter followers , not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them . according to two popular online measuring tools , no more than 44 per cent of her twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform . and at least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake . statuspeople.com , the oldest publicly available twitter-auditing tool , reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state 's followers are ' good ' ; 15 per cent are ' fake ' ; and 41 per cent are ' inactive , ' meaning that they never tweet or reply to any tweets . scroll down for video . fakers : according to one popular online audit tool , only 44 per cent of hillary clinton 's twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform . ' i 'm running for president ' : clinton has cast herself as a champion of ' everyday americans ' . another twitter sleuthing website sampled more than 320,000 of clinton 's followers and found that a much larger number of them were ' fake ' . just 4 per cent of president barack obama 's twitter followers , by comparison , are considered fake . the white house worked overtime to purge most of them after a september 2013 report found that more than half of his followers did n't really exist . michelle obama 's twitter audience is 25 per cent fake , according to statuspeople , along with 21 per cent of vice president joe biden 's . another tool , twitteraudit.com , sampled 320,000 of mrs. clinton 's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake . the new measurements will add to the clinton presidential campaign 's embarrassment following news on tuesday that a large number of her facebook fans may represent ' likes ' that were purchased rather than earned . really ? hillary clinton 's twitter follower-count appears to be significantly inflated . facebook fakery : clinton boasts two-thirds of a million facebook ' likes , ' but more than 46,000 of them list ' baghdad ' as their hometown . vocativ reported that at least 7 per cent of them listed baghdad , iraq as their hometown , a larger number than any u.s. city . that would represent more than 46,000 people . additional evidence of digital astroturfing is that while most of her u.s. facebook fans are older than 55 , most of the baghdad contingent is in the 18-34 age range . while clinton was america 's top diplomat , her state department was buying facebook ' likes , ' according to an associated press report from last year . ' in 2013 , the state department , which has more than 400,000 likes and was recently most popular in cairo , said it would stop buying facebook fans after its inspector general criticized the agency for spending $ 630,000 to boost the numbers , ' the wire service reported . clinton left the agency while the inspector general was investigating . astroturf ? a woman cast as a kindly , gardening grandma in clinton 's campaign launch video is actually a former abortion lobbyist who once helmed a campaign for texas state senator wendy davis . where 's scooby ? clinton 's caravan was spotted in maumee , ohio on monday when she lunched at chipotle , but no one recognized her . facebook says it has entire teams of employees tasked with rooting out schemes to artificially boost statistics . ' when we catch fraudulent activity , we work to counter and prevent it – including blocking accounts and removing fake likes , ' the company reports on its website . clinton is in monticello , iowa on tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential ' listening ' tour . she was driven from new york in a van that her campaign aides have dubbed ' scooby , ' after the ' mystery machine ' van in the scooby-doo cartoon series . daily mail online visited kirkwood community college on monday , the site of the event , and heard from students that the former first lady is a ' control freak ' who may be pursuing legal status for illegal immigrants because the democratic party needs a new pool of loyal voters .