whether he is in a car park , a factory or even a field , ed miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign . the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public . the labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike - using it in a north london street on april 16 and then in lincoln the next day . he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern - including at a nhs rally in leeds on april 23 ( left ) . but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events - and even in the middle of a field in nuneaton yesterday ( right ) . mr miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last september when he forgot to mention the deficit while speaking without a lectern or autocue . as mr miliband launched labour’s election campaign at the top of the arcelormittal orbit in olympic park last month he spoke in front of the lectern branded with a union jack flag and the labour logo . when he unveiled the party’s manifesto in manchester he also spoke from behind the lectern . and during his audience question and answer in the first televised leaders’ debate on channel 4 and sky news he chose to speak from behind a lectern , while david cameron chose instead to have a stool on stage . the lectern has also been used in some more unconventional settings though . as he spoke in the car park of an engineering factory in loughborough the lectern was put on a small raised platform next to a puddle . when he visited the national composites centre in bristol he conducted a q & a in front of an aeroplane with the lectern . the revelation that mr miliband had brought in leadership coaches after mr miliband faced ridicule yesterday after being pictured standing at a lectern in the middle of a field in a bid to look prime ministerial . then this week as he launched labour campaign billboards in nuneaton , he spoke from behind a lectern , even though he was in the middle of a cricket pitch . the constant use of the lectern is thought to be part of a strategy to make mr miliband look more like a man who could be prime minister . last month it was reported that he had hired us speech coach michael sheehan on a £10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma . mr sheehan’s website includes a video where he advises politicians on how to speak at a lectern , including not holding onto the sides in what he calls a ‘ death grip’ . it comes as it was revealed that mr miliband has hired a ' leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ' authentic ' and cope with anxiety , it has emerged . the labour leader , who has seen his party 's lead in the polls slip with less than two weeks until the general election , has engaged the services of ' extendedmind ' – a specialist firm offering ' performance coaching ' . labour leader ed miliband meets supporters at oaktree community centre in acton , west london , where he posed for pictures after speaking to local labour party members . mr miliband has hired a ' leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ' authentic ' and cope with anxiety . mr miliband 's dire personal ratings have long been seen as a major electoral asset for the tories . however in recent weeks there has been a marked upturn in his popularity - as voters get to see more of the labour leader . a labour spokesman today did not deny mr miliband had hired a consultancy firm to help his performances . he said : ' we never comment on anybody we may or may not have employed . ' according to the extendedmind website , they provide help ' in order to build leadership skills that deliver lasting organisational change ' . according to its website , the company works to help body language and breathing , and to tackle ' the anxiety we all feel to different degrees when communicating an important message to others ' . they provide intensive coaching to work on body language and how to look authentic . its website boasts how it works with ' leaders ' to ' communicate their messages with greater impact ' and insists that learning ' new communication techniques ' does not mean someone is in-authentic . ' any new behavior will feel inauthentic at the beginning , and will seem so to others , too . but with repeated practice we move from ' acting ' to ' being ' . ' ed miliband , speaking at chatham house in london this morning , has hired a ' leadership consultancy ' firm which coaches people to look ' authentic ' and cope with anxiety , it has emerged . the labour leader , who has seen his party 's lead in the polls slip with less than two weeks until the general election , has engaged the services of ' extendedmind ' – a specialist firm offering ' performance coaching ' . but conservative michael ellis said the revelation showed there was ' nothing authentic about ed miliband ' . he said : ' he 's had to hire someone to tell him how to act like a leader . even after all his extensive coaching , could you imagine him standing up to putin on the world stage ? he should ask for his money back . ' mr miliband has staked the success of his campaign on performing better then public expectations in head to head debates with david cameron . he even hired us speech coach michael sheehan on a reported £10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma , it has been reported .