the 16-year-son of michael schumacher , the seven-time formula one champion , is set to make his debut in the same sport this weekend . mick schumacher will compete in the formula 4 category , in what is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . by doing so , he will follow in the footsteps of his father - who is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in switzerland - who won a record 91 races in formula 1 . mick schumacher - who bears a striking resemblance to his father , michael - makes his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend . schumacher junior will drive under his own name for the first time in his career when he races this weekend . schumacher jnr is part of the van amersfoort racing team competing in the 2015 adac formula 4 series . he will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on sunday . for the first time in his career , he will drive under his own name . previously , when taking part in go-karting , he had used the maiden name of his mother , corinna , to avoid media attention . three-time formula one champion niki lauda said : ' of course , the public will be watching him , thanks to his father , and that is a huge burden for him . ' van amersfoot racing team managing director told bild : ' we are all pleased with how things are going . mick makes few errors . ' the talent is there , the preparation is there , the intelligence is there . ' we are proud to have a big name race for us , but the name alone wo n't bring us any points . we 'll all have to work hard for those . ' schumacher junior is pictured in the team garage ahead of the first race of the season on saturday . michael schumacher pictured during formula one testing at the jerez circuit in spain in december 2007 . gerhard berger , an austrian former formula one driver and rival of schumacher snr , feared the boy 's name could become a burden . ' it 's quite tough for mick to be treading in his father 's footsteps , ' he said . but he expected schumacher jnr to have a successful career in the sport . ' i know him a bit and he 's a good lad , with both feet on the ground and the racing bug within him . he grew up in this environment and it is his life . he 's not in any danger of being imbalanced by it . ' he also thought it could give him something to focus on other than his father 's grave condition , which has had a devastating affect on his life . the pair were skiing on the meribel slopes in france in december 2013 when schumacher snr fell and cracked his head on a boulder . schumacher celebrates on the podium after winning the australian grand prix in march 2004 - he is still recovering from a skiing accident in december 2013 . he emerged from his induced coma in june last year , and left hospital in september . despite the intensive therapy he has been receiving at his home in lake geneva , switzerland , his condition is believed to be extremely serious . tents have been erected around his house so the media can not photograph him in his wheelchair . schumacher jnr finished second in the world , european and german kart championships last season and signed a contract with van amersfoort racing to drive in the formula 4 in march . he will link up with team-mate harrison newey , the british 16-year-old son of red bull designer adrian .