presidents , kings and dukes will gather in los angeles this weekend to represent their great nations , but you 've probably never heard of them . the leaders of places with names like molossia , westarctica , vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 , which has been dubbed the first north american gathering of micronations . these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money . many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty . but most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 . many do n't even live on the land at all . scroll down for video . molossia , population five , is just one of the small , self-proclaimed micronations that will be represented at microcon 2015 in los angeles this weekend . microcon 2015 was organized by kevin baugh , who is the president of the republic of molossia . molossia can be found in reno , nevada . at 1.3 acres , the country is the size of a football field . only baugh and his wife and children live in molossia , although it has 27 citizens , as well as its own passports , railroad , phone system , bank , post office and general store . baugh himself will give you a personal tour of the country , as long as you call ahead . travis mchenry , the grand duke of westarctica , posing in his uniform . mchenry will be giving a talk at microcon 2015 called ' micronations that matter ' , to encourage more micronations to become nonprofits . ' when you come to visit you see as much as possible a functioning nation , ' said baugh . but baugh knows there are some things he wo n't be able change , even if he is the president of his own great nation . ' can i lower the drinking age ? well no , i ca n't , ' he said . ' come on , let 's get real . ' ' we all want to think we have our own country , but you know the u.s. is a lot bigger . ' the grand duchy of broslavia has realized the same limitations , but with its military . founded in albuquerque by grand duke jacob felts , whose name inspired the nation 's capital of feltasia , broslavia has only five citizens - but its own volunteer military . but instead of guns , the military is armed with cardboard copies of ak-47s . they fire rubber bands . broslavia claims to have recently expanded its territory by annexing planet pluto . travis mchenry , the grand duke of westartica , will also be in attendance at microcon 2015 . westarctica is a much larger nation than molossia , with more than 620,000 square miles in antarctica to its name . none of the nation 's 300 citizens live on the frozen land . no one does . mchenry , also a recruiting coordinator in a los angeles media company , said he was ' really inspired ' when he found out there was a piece of antarctica that had never been claimed . but westarctica is not just an empty country . it 's also a nonprofit , advocating for the protection of native penguins and researching how climate change is impacting antarctica 's ice sheet . mchenry will give a talk at microcon 2015 called ' micronations that matter , ' which he hopes will encourage other leaders to use their countries for a good cause . ' it 's just sort of encouraging other micronations to become nonprofits , ' he said . ' so they 're actually doing something rather than just walking around wearing fancy capes . ' his imperial majesty george ii of the empire of atlantium ( left ) , prince paul delprat of the principality of wy , ( center ) and his princess susan chat during australia 's first conference of micronation leaders in 2010 . the republic of molossia . founded by baugh and a buddy as teenagers in 1977 , it existed mainly in baugh 's bedroom until he bought 1.3 acres of property in northern nevada in 1998 and built a railroad and private phone company . molossia pays taxes to the united states but likes to think of that as foreign aid . its creation was inspired by the peter sellers comedy `` the mouse that roared , '' about a small nation that declares war on the united states so it can receive foreign aid after it loses . grand duchy of westarctica . one of the world 's largest micronations , it encompasses 620,000 square miles of the antarctic , but nobody actually lives there . it was founded in 2001 by his royal highness grand duke travis mchenry after he learned no other nation had laid claim to the area . mchenry says he would like to eventually make westarctica a real country . if he does , he jokes that he 'll probably promote himself from grand duke to king . the kingdom of vikesland . located adjacent to picturesque riding mountain national park in manitoba , canada , it was founded in 2005 by christopher barry joseph beyette , a tv newsman who prefers to be called king christopher i . the king says his fascination with micronationalism led him to create the country . he says he 'd like to eventually produce a documentary on the micronation movement . royal republic of ladonia . located on a rocky shoreline in southwest sweden , this micronation came into being as the result of a lengthy legal battle over a gigantic pop-art sculpture made of 70 tons of driftwood . after swedish authorities demanded that it be torn down artist lars vik went to court . . after vandals torched it , he built another and went back to court . in 1996 angry supporters declared the site , in a nature preserve , an independent nation . ladonia claims to have 17,000 citizens now , although none actually live there . it is ruled by queen carolyn i , whose coronation took place in 2011 by the disputed sculpture . the grand duchy of broslavia . founded in 2014 in albuquerque , it is ruled by his majesty grand duke jacob felts and lists its capital as feltasia . although it has only five citizens , broslavia claims to have a volunteer military armed with cardboard copies of ak-47s that fire rubber bands . it claims to have recently expanded its territory by annexing the dwarf planet pluto .