in february , when lady gaga went on stage at the oscars , millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary . in los angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star , julie andrews , came on stage . however , one country was left baffled : austria , where the movie was set and filmed . ‘ we didn’t really know what was going on , ’ said one austrian i know . each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film – it’s the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city . the beautiful flower beds of at mirabell gardens in salzburg that sound of music fans will recognise . julie andrews from the beloved film the sound of music , fans of which continue to flock to salzburg . the first tours started shortly after the film opened , but now buses emblazoned with the sound of music circle the city , day in , day out . and the austrians still don’t get it . you’ll be looking a long time in the salzburg tourist shops before you find a julie andrews postcard for sale , let alone lederhosen fashioned from curtain fabric . there are some real advantages in this if you’re a fan of the sound of music . and i am . it means there’s nothing to stop me from splashing about in fountains while humming that i have confidence or juggling fruit in the markets ( perhaps not a good idea ) . the old town , where much of the movie was shot , is too narrow for tour buses , and that fact – combined with the lack of tourist tat – means there’s nothing to break the spell as you slide into the sound of music mindset . also happily for fans of the film , salzburg is a pretty conservative sort of place , and doesn’t rush about embracing change . half a century after shooting the movie , julie andrews could return to the city and wander round without too many shocks to the system ( providing she overlooked the mcdonald’s on getreidegasse , sitting uncomfortably amid shops selling austrian national dress ) . for me , salzburg is the most hummable city ever – although the tunes you find yourself humming are probably not those that would be chosen by the city fathers . lady gaga paid tribute to the film , in the presence of its original star , for its 50 anniversary at the oscars . built into the mountains , in medieval times the church harnessed much of the local wealth that came from salt mining – in fact , it still owns a lot of the surrounding land , and built the magnificent monasteries and convents that dominate the city . the real maria von trapp – played by andrews in the film – actually did become a novice at nonnberg , which was founded in the 8th century . head past here around 7pm and you’re still likely to hear the real-life nuns singing gregorian chants . bells peel at every opportunity and the mountains – well , it’s safe to say they haven’t changed much . on my first trip , more than 20 years ago , i stayed at an independent hostel , the yoho ( www.yoho.at ) in paracelsusstrasse , which i’m pleased to say is still going strong and still showing the sound of music for free each night . then it was a solitary outpost of rodgers and hammerstein-based enthusiasm , but now there are encouraging signs that the rest of austria may just be starting to catch on . sound of music tourism began almost immediately after the film 's release and is still going strong . my hotel for this trip , the rather more luxurious castellani parkhotel , shows the film on a continual loop on one of its tv channels . i could wake up to climb ev’ry mountain and nod off to sixteen going on seventeen . and i did . it was an ideal base for a sound of music weekend . the hotel even has its own wedding chapel – a gorgeous baroque concoction created during its days as an aristocratic mansion . it has to be said that breakfast doesn’t really feature in the film , which is the perfect excuse to start the day with apple strudel . and the best place to do so ? cafe tomaselli , salzburg’s oldest , dating from the 18th century , right in the centre of the city in alter markt . the coffee is strong , served in multiple ways , while its strudel has spiced apple and crisp pastry , and is drenched in enough sugar to start an avalanche . then it’s time to tick off a few of the key sights . first up , the residenzplatz , just outside the cafe . in the movie it’s draped with nazi flags . cafe tomaselli , salzburg’s oldest , dates back to the 18th century and is in the centre of the city in alter markt . rumour has it that as the second world war had ended just 20 years earlier , the city authorities weren’t keen on the flags , but the producers won them round by saying that the alternative was to use original footage of the german annexation of austria in the film . then there’s st peter’s cemetery – a series of catacombs that the movie’s set designers used as inspiration for the flight scenes – and the felsenreitschule , the open-air theatre that was used for the concert scenes . now it shows operas and concerts . as for the salzach , the river that the city straddles , you cross it via the mozart bridge , used by maria and the children as they sang do-re-mi . the mirabell gardens on the other side of the river allow an even fuller expression of appreciation for the film . pat the head of the stone dwarf ; jump up and down the steps ; run about a lot ! many people do it and – even more hearteningly – post the results on youtube . and all the time , austrians are just enjoying walking in the gardens , completely oblivious , next to a palace built by an archbishop for his 15 children ( particularly noteworthy in a catholic country ) . residenzplatz , just outside cafe tomaselli , was draped in nazi flags in the 50-year-old film . but to really immerse yourself in the full experience , and to see the more outlying locations , you have to take a tour . i’ve taken a few in my time – i tend to feel them calling me each time i head to salzburg , just as maria felt the mountains calling her . over the years i’ve been accompanied on them by groups ranging from unthrilled austrians to up-for-it australians in dirndls who had us singing the different parts of the lonely goatherd as we headed into the mountains . this time , however , i was accompanied by gerry , an austrian who’d actually seen the film , as well as brits ( loads ) , americans , and a family from malaysia . we headed to hellbrunn , where the gazebo from sixteen going on seventeen is now housed ( and now locked after too many fans tried to leap from bench to bench and injured themselves ) . we also passed the house that served as the main location for the von trapp family home . it’s now part of the mozarteum music academy , and the easiest way to stay there is to become a top-flight musician . sarah turner found herself singing along to the lonely goatherd with up-for-it australians in dirndls . we then started climbing our way into the mountains that feature in the opening shots – now augmented with nice chalets , as this area is a popular escape for posh austrians and germans – and gazed down at the town of fuschl and its lake , one of austria’s most famous views . british airways offers return flights from gatwick to salzburg from £102 . rooms at the castellani parkhotel salzburg start at £95 . tours with panorama start at £29 per person . finally , we arrived at mondsee . this lakeside town provided the church used for the wedding . about 70 per cent of the people on the trip ( there is an over-representation of women ) took the chance to walk down the aisle . needless to say , i was among them . i emerged , blinking , into the sunlight to enjoy cake shops and , amazingly , a shop selling film memorabilia . i felt thrilled . it seemed the whole world was now united in its love for this movie – even austrians themselves . what’s more , the state theatre in salzburg – the landestheater – now even has a production of the sound of music . it’s only taken 50 years . there’s just one thing to remember . edelweiss is not the austrian national anthem , whatever ronald reagan thought . he once arranged to have it played when the austrian ambassador arrived at the white house .