the plot where lizzie borden and her family are buried in fall river , massachusetts , was vandalized . the final resting place of lizzie borden and the father and stepmother she was accused of killing was vandalized over the weekend . the borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river , massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint . the vandalism was discovered on monday , the day after a lifetime miniseries , the lizzie borden chronicles , premiered on sunday night . borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 . she was acquitted , but her innocence is questioned even today . the murder and trial inspired the schoolyard rhyme : ' lizzie borden took an ax and gave her mother 40 whacks . ' when she saw what she had done , she gave her father 41 ' . the house where the murders occurred is still standing . it is located next to the bristol superior court house , the venue where the murder trial of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez is taking place . borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their home in 1892 . the historic lizzie borden house , where the killings of her father and stepmother took place , still stands today . the murder and trial surrounding borden made her a cult figure and led to an appearance on the simpsons . this is not the first time the plot , which also contains lizzie 's sister emma , has been vandalized , the herald news reported . cemetery director tony eaton said : ' i 'd like to catch the guys who did it . ' i do n't know what the reason is for putting that on a grave stone . ' it just irks me ... not just when it 's lizzie borden , but anyone . ' in addition to graffiti , the borden grave has also been covered with pennies , flowers , notes , amulets , chicken claws , feathers , blood and urine in the past . borden , who was acquitted of murder , died from complications following gall bladder surgery at the age of 66 . christina ricci is playing borden in a lifetime miniseries , the lizzie borden chronicles , that began on sunday . historian and author shelley dziedzic said the start of the show may have led to the graffiti , according to the boston globe . dziedzic said : ' my thinking is it 's probably related to the lifetime series that debuted . ' anytime the programs are on television there 's a huge influx in visitors . ' the new show , which stars christina ricci , is ' an intense and fictionalized account of actual events and people surrounding lizzie 's life after her controversial acquittal of the horrific double murder of her father and stepmother in 1892 ' , according to lifetime , ricci 's character is an ' exonerated figure ' who ' lives a life awash in newfound celebrity filled with scandalous love affairs ' . borden died from complications following gall bladder surgery at the age of 66 .