finding your lost android phone is now as simple as searching for a nearby restaurant or transport route . google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ' find my phone ' on the site 's homepage . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed , and it appears to only work when you 're signed into your google account on chrome - although this has n't been confirmed . google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ' find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage ( animated ) . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome . the same google account must be signed into on the phone . the californian firm announced the tool on its google+ page . it said : 'we’ve all been there - you’ve searched under your car seat , tossed around the sofa cushions and you still can’t find your phone . ' if you know where your computer is you can now ask google to find your android phone from your desktop . to locate a lost phone , sign into a google account on chrome and type ' find my phone ' into the search engine . a map ( pictured ) appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . the phone 's location is shown and clicking ' ring ' will remotely call the handset . google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . users will need to install the android device manager ( adm ) app ( pictured ) if they want these features . both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . ' if the pesky phone is hiding nearby , google can ring it for you - or you can see it on the map if you , say , forgot it at the bar . ' just make sure you’ve got the latest version of the google app ! ' install the latest google android app . to locate a lost phone , sign into a google account on chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . type ' find my phone ' either into the address bar - if google is set as the default search engine - or open google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . a map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . the phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ' ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data and users will need to install the android device manager ( adm ) app if they want these features . both tools override the selected sound profile meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . to locate a lost phone , sign into a google account on chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . type ' find my phone ' either into the address bar - if google is set as the default search engine - or open google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . a map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . this prevents people being able to track a person 's phone if the previous user forgets to log out of their google account on a shared chrome browser , for example . the phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ' ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . users will need to install the android device manager ( adm ) app if they want these features . adm was launched in august 2013 and works in a similar way to the search tool . it locates a phone on a map , remotely rings and lets users carry out additional security tasks . both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes , or until it is answered . 