in one of the biggest cheating scandals of its kind in the u.s. , 11 former atlanta public school educators were convicted wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students ' scores on standardized exams . the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses , the court was told . however the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , superintendent beverly hall - who is thought to have received up to $ 500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial . a 12th defendant , a teacher , was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week . the 11 will all be sentenced on april 8 and could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges . they were all found guilty under the the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act , or rico , which is typically reserved for major mobsters and organized crime bosses . scroll down for video . convicted : donald bullock , left , former atlanta public schools usher-collier heights elementary testing coordinator , is led to a holding cell after a jury found him guilty in the atlanta public schools cheating trial . cheating : during the trial prosecutors accused a dozen former teachers , principals and administrators of erasing incorrect answers or instructing students to change their answers to secure promotions and cash bonuses in 2009 . seen here is former atlanta public schools school research team director tamara cotman . jail : former deerwood academy assistant principal tabeeka jordan is led to a holding cell after the verdict . one principal was accused of wearing gloves as they erased test score answers and filled in new ones . ' this is a huge story and absolutely the biggest development in american education law since forever , ' said university of georgia law professor ron carlson . ' it has to send a message to educators here and broadly across the nation . playing with student test scores is very , very dangerous business . ' the case stems from an investigation carried out in 2011 , which uncovered evidence that the educators gave answers to students or changed answers on tests after they were turned in . evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools , with nearly 180 educators involved , and investigators found teachers who tried to report it faced retaliation . the cheating is believed to date back to 2001 , when scores on statewide skills tests began to turn around in the 50,000-student school district . between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered and falsely certified , according to the 2013 indictment . according to governing.com , most educators ' bonuses did n't exceed a total of $ 5,000 between 2005 and 2009 . a grand jury indicted 35 educators in march 2013 on charges including racketeering , false statements and theft . many reached plea agreements , serve between 250 and 1,000 hours of community service , repay between $ 500 and $ 5,000 in bonus money and complete up to two years of probation . others testified at the trial against their co-conspirators . however , superintendent beverly hall never went to trial , successfully arguing she was too sick to mount a defense . she died last month of breast cancer . judge : fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter addresses the jury as he releases them from service after they found 11 former atlanta public schools educators guilty on racketeering charges . guilty : defense attorney robert rubin , left , talks with his client , former dobbs elementary principal dana evans , center , before she is led to a holding cell after a jury found her guilty . guilty : former atlanta public schools school research team director michael pitts , right . the jury reached its verdict on the eighth day of deliberations in a case that ensnared nationally prominent leaders . emotional : donald bullock , left , former atlanta public schools usher-collier heights elementary testing coordinator , reacts as a jury finds him guilty . he is now facing 20 years in prison . hall insisted she was innocent and had no part in any cheating . but , the educators said she was among those pressuring them to inflate students ' scores to show gains in achievement — which were needed to meet federal benchmarks tied to extra funding . hall , who served as superintendent for more than a decade , which is rare for an urban schools chief , was named superintendent of the year by the american association of school administrators in 2009 and was credited with raising student test scores and graduation rates . the investigation found that hall ' created a culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation ' during her time as superintendent . it also found that she had permitted ' cheating — at all levels — to go unchecked for years ' . investigators believe she may have accepted up to $ 500,000 in bonus payouts as a result of the ongoing cheating scandal . in 2008 , the atlanta journal-constitution published a series of articles that questioned the veracity of test scores across the atlanta school school system , which has 50,000 students . the newspaper contended the scores were statistically improbable . gov . sonny perdue subsequently launched an investigation , which concluded in june 2011 . it found at least 44 schools were guilty of cheating , dating back to 2005 . educators fed answers to students or erased and changed answers on tests after they were turned in . created a culture of fear : superintendent beverly l. hall was the alleged ringleader of the cheating scandal , but denied any involvement . one principal wore gloves as she erased and changed the answers . nearly 180 employees , including 38 principals , were accused of wrongdoing . the report said superintendent beverly l. hall ( right ) had ' created a culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation ' that had permitted ' cheating — at all levels — to go unchecked for years ' . the cheating allowed educators to collect bonuses and improve the ailing reputation of the atlanta school system , the investigation found . it allowed them to accept bonuses of up to $ 5,000 each , however dr hall is believed to have accepted up to $ 500,000 . in march 2013 , dr hall and 34 educators were indicted by a grand jury on charges including racketeering , making false statements and theft . 21 of the educators plead guilty to reach plea agreements . they received between 250 and 1,000 hours of community service and must repay their bonuses . 12 educators chose to stand trial . the trail started in august 2014 . dr hall did not stand trial or accept a plea , claiming she was too sick . she died of breast cancer in march 2015 . prosecutors said the 12 were looking out for themselves rather than their students . on wednesday , only one of the 12 educators were acquitted . the 11 educators - teachers , a principal and other administrators - were found guilty . they will be sentenced april 8 . the racketeering charges carry up to 20 years in prison . source : ap , the new york times . former benteen elementary testing coordinator theresia copeland , left , is supported by her defense attorney ryan walsh , listens as a jury finds her guilty and former dunbar elementary teacher diane buckner-webb , center , stands with her defense attorney kevin franks after a jury found her guilty . guilty : former atlanta public schools school research team director sharon davis williams , left , as the verdict is read in the trial , wednesday , april 1 , 2015 , in atlanta . defense attorneys argued that there was no conspiracy and that prosecutors had pressured educators to testify against their former colleagues . guilty : former deerwood academy assistant principal tabeeka jordan , left , stands with her defense attorney akil secret after a jury found her guilty . former dobbs elementary teacher angela williamson , left , and her defense attorney gerald griggs stand as the verdict was read . williamson and 10 other former atlanta public schools educators were accused of participating in test cheating . in a video message to schools staff before she retired , hall warned that the state investigation launched by former gov . sonny perdue would likely reveal ' alarming ' behavior ' . hall said : ' there is simply no excuse for unethical behavior and no room in this district for unethical conduct . ' defense attorneys argued those convicted should remain free until sentencing because they do n't have prior records , have community ties and showed up to trial every day . yet , only one was allowed to remain free on bond — teacher shani robinson — because she is expecting to give birth soon . the jury reached its verdict on the eighth day of deliberations . fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter said : ' they are convicted felons as far as i 'm concerned . they have made their bed and they 're going to have to lie in it . ' overcome : former dunbar elementary teacher pamela cleveland , second from right , gets a hug from her defense attorney angela johnson , right , as she led to a holding cell after a jury found her guilty . distraught : former dobbs elementary prinprincipal dana evans , center right , hugs her defense attorney robert rubin after a jury found her guilty . ' i 'm devastated , ' rubin said of the verdict . verdict : defense attorney annette greene reacts as the verdict is read for her client former dunbar elementary teacher shani robinson . robinson and 10 other former atlanta public schools educators were convicted for their part in a test cheating conspiracy that drew nationwide attention . prosecutors said the 12 former educators on trial were looking out for themselves , seeking bonuses for higher test scores rather than worrying about the education of their students . defense attorneys argued that their clients were caught up in an overly broad prosecution that overreached in charging them with violating racketeering laws most often used for organized crime . the months-long trial began in august with more than six weeks of jury selection , and testimony concluded in late february . the criminal investigation by the fulton county district attorney 's office lasted nearly two years . it only came to light after the atlanta journal-constitution reported in 2008 that some test scores were statistically improbable . legal team : fulton county senior assistant district attorney clint rucker , right , hugs fulton county district attorney paul howard . eleven of the 12 defendants left the courtroom in handcuffs . district attorney paul howard said it was the biggest and most complex case his office had ever handled . it lasted nearly two years and involved hundreds of interviews with school administrators , staff , parents and students . ' our entire effort in this case was simply to get our community to stop and take a look at the education system , ' howard said . dessa curb , a former elementary school teacher , was the one educator acquitted of all charges . ' i 've prayed and i believed that this would be my outcome , ' said a dazed-looking curb , tears in her eyes . not guilty : former dobbs elementary teacher dessa curb , left , with her attorney sanford wallack and her sister aleesa williams , leave the fulton county courthouse after a jury found her not guilty in the case .