musical instruments , stage costumes and commemorative plaques belonging to the late singer davy jones are set to be sold off , it has been revealed . dozens of items from the entertainer 's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york . jones , best known for his work with the band the monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 . entertainer : dozens of items belonging to davy jones , the monkees singer , are to go on sale in new york . fans of the monkees will be able to bid for a number of framed pictures of the band in action . memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america - one gold and one platinum for the album ' then and now…the best of the monkees ' . memorabilia includes his plaque commemorating the installation of the monkees ' star on hollywood boulevard , which could fetch up to $ 2,000 as well as his carvin acoustic electric guitar which is expected to sell for up to $ 1,200 . items also offered by julien 's auctions include stage costumes and a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america - one gold and one platinum for the album ' then and now…the best of the monkees ' . also included are a red director’s chair with ' the monkees ' logo across the back , expected to fetch up to $ 400 , a collection of framed vintage posters featuring band members and davy jones driver’s license and wallet , which could sell for as much as $ 600 . up for grabs : a red director’s chair with ' the monkees ' logo across the back is expected to fetch up to $ 400 . colourful : some of the many stage outfits warn by davy jones will also be up for grabs at the auction next month . music makers : also upfor sale is a tambourine used by jones and his bandmates peter tork , micky dolenz and mike nesmith . the collection includes a gold-coloured electric guitar ( right ) and davy jones 's plaque ( left ) commemorating the installation of the monkees ' star on hollywood boulevard , which could fetch up to $ 2,000 . monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment including guitars , an amplifier and a tambourine used by jones and his bandmates peter tork , micky dolenz and mike nesmith . the monkees were put together by music executives in 1966 to star in a tv comedy and to be the u.s. answer to the beatles . the band , whose hits include daydream believer , i’m a believer and last train to clarksville , proved a massive success in their own right , and even sold more records than the beatles in 1967 . jones , who was born in manchester , england , became the band 's teen idol thanks to his beatles-like appearance . the monkees were put together by music executives in 1966 to star in a tv comedy and to be the u.s. answer to the beatles . some of the many items belonging to davy jones , including this blue shirt , will be sold off at an auction in new york 's hard rock cafe . monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment including guitars , cases and music stands . the band , which consisted of ( l-r ) michael nesmith , peter tork , davy jones and micky dolenz , proved a success in their own right and even sold more records than the beatles in 1967 . his father had wanted him to become a jockey before he became a child star as the artful dodger in oliver in the west end and ena sharples 's grandson in the long-running british soap opera coronation street . after the monkees broke up , jones split from his u.s. wife linda haines and returned to england where he married the artist anita pollinger . when they split in 1995 , he began breeding horses in hampshire and racing as a jump jocket . he would later go on to live in florida but suffered a heart attack while and died on february 29 2012 . the ' property from the estate of davy jones ' auction will take place on may 16 at 10am .