the widow of a cyclist killed after hitting a pothole during a charity ride from land 's end to john o'groats has won a six-figure payout from the council who failed to mend the road . martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole . just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard . but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . kate uzzell has received a six-figure payout after her husband martyn ( both pictured ) was killed during a charity cycle ride when he was thrown into the path of a four-inch deep pothole . tragedy : experienced cyclist mr uzzell , 51 , was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for macmillan cancer support when he died . coroner rob turnbull told mr uzzell 's inquest last year that there was ‘ no doubt whatsoever that the condition of the road on that occasion was the cause of the incident’ . he said the pothole , which surrounded a roadside drain on the a65 near giggleswick , north yorkshire , had ‘ existed for some time prior to the accident’ . a month before the tragedy in 2011 , a traffic policeman saw the hole and his control room alerted their council counterparts , but the alert was not passed on to the highway inspection team . in the following weeks , the council inspected the road twice but failed to take any action before mr uzzell cycled along it with two friends raising money for macmillan cancer support . he was flung from his bicycle by the pothole , landing in the path of a car and suffering fatal head injuries . his widow kate uzzell , 49 , from clevedon , north somerset , has now reached an out of court settlement with north yorkshire county council . however the local authority is still refusing to apologise for the state of the road in the lead up to the cyclist 's death . a coroner previously ruled that the state of the a65 ( pictured ) , near giggleswick , north yorkshire , was ' the cause of the incident ' . after the inquest last year , mrs uzzell said the death of her husband , an experienced cyclist and service engineer , was preventable . she said : ' it is simply disgraceful that a pothole on such a busy road was allowed to go unrepaired . this should not have happened . ' my husband was an experienced cyclist and was out doing what he loved , while raising money for charities close to his heart , but it has cost him his life . the council inspected the pothole in the weeks before mr uzzell 's ( pictured ) death but decided it did not need repairing . ' i am told a policeman had reported the pothole on two occasions to the council but nothing was done . the road was also inspected monthly as it is an a-road , but despite the danger being recorded in may it was n't repaired . ' to make it worse there was another inspection in june carried out in a vehicle going at 25mph down the other side of the three lane carriageway . ' no attempt was made to check an already identified defect , how can this be acceptable ? ' ultimately my husband lost his life because the council did not repair this pothole , despite being warned it was a potential danger , and i would like to know why something was n't done . ' i do not want anyone else to lose a loved one because the roads have not been properly maintained , ' she added . the crown prosecution service concluded the failings by the council should not lead to a corporate manslaughter case or any other charges . mrs uzzell said the decision had left her devastated : ' my husband has died yet it seems no one is being held to account as to how this was allowed to happen . ' i have lost my best friend and soul mate , a lovely person , who bought joy to my life , i am now lost and lonely without martyn . ' and it is n't just me . martyn 's entire family is also suffering the loss of someone very special . ' a spokeswoman for north yorkshire county council said : ' whilst north yorkshire county council accepts no liability for the tragic death of mr uzzell , the authority has appreciated that this is a sensitive matter and has therefore reached a settlement with mr uzzell’s widow , to avoid prolonged involvement in further litigation . ' the county council operates a highways maintenance programme that includes a robust system of inspection . ' we continue to maintain and review that inspection regime to ensure the safety of routes for the travelling public . ’