christine carriage , 67 , ( pictured ) was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court . a grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow – which police said was like a ‘warehouse’ . officers raiding christine carriage’s one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on . but this week the 67-year-old walked free from court . a total of 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags – valued at £5,620 – were seized by police from the home in bowthorpe , norwich , on november 4 , 2013 . william carter , prosecuting , said police found an 8ft-long clothes rail bending under the huge weight of the clothing in one room . he said : ‘ the officers described the property as looking more like a clothing warehouse than a dwelling . each room was packed . ’ on wednesday , carriage admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property . when police searched the house , she was at the property with son shane carriage , 45 , and grandson luke hall . officers found cash , drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine . carriage had convictions for dishonesty from the 1960s and 1970s , and two convictions for shoplifting in the 1980s , as well as one in 1996 and another in 2012 . philippa page , defending , said some items were carriage’s clothes and those of her son , grandson and late husband . she said carriage was guilty of mistaken family loyalty in allowing her ‘ increasingly out-of-control’ grandson to store stolen clothes at her home . sentencing carriage , judge maureen bacon told her : ‘ you have been a dishonest woman through all your life . ' i don’t see why i should inflict your keep on the public purse by sending you to prison today . ’ she was given a suspended six-month jail sentence , ordered to do 120 hours of unpaid work and told to pay an £80 victim surcharge at norwich crown court . but carriage and her son were cleared of supplying cocaine last august after recorder peter wallis ruled there was no case to answer . hall had previously admitted supplying cocaine , possessing cocaine and possessing criminal property and was jailed for 34 months . a grandmother 's swag : hundreds of stolen items from shoes to handbags were discovered by police in a raid on the one-bedroom home of serial offender christine carriage in november 2013 . police raided the one-bedroom bungalow in bowthorpe , norwich ( pictured ) where christine carriage lived . she was at the property at the time along with her son shane carriage , 45 , and grandson luke hall . seized : police found an eight foot long clothes rail bending under the weight of the clothing in one room . 