a couple died in an apparent murder suicide after they got into a violent confrontation which turned deadly inside a home in oklahoma . preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman . eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated . scroll down for video . tragic : sarah owen , 21 , pictured , was attacked by her boyfriend preston wright , 23 , with a knife , then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma . house : officers from norman police were met by a boy , thought to be wright 's brother , at a house on 3417 madra street , he told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home . officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation , according to news 9 . once inside the residence , officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house . according to the man 's younger brother he was helping owen move her belongings out of the garage -including furniture - into a van when an argument broke out . eyewitness eugene rhoden , 49 , lives across the street and told news 9 that he saw the woman , pull up to the house shortly after 3 p.m. in a van to get some of her belongings from her ex-boyfriend . ' she was wanting her stuff . she had items in the house or in the garage , and apparently she had broken up with the boyfriend . ' however the couple began arguing on the porch for a while before she was allowed into the garage to remove some things . rhoden said he heard the couple arguing again , and then he thought everything had died down as they both went inside . death : officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. sunday as sarah owen , pictured , and boyfriend preston wright lay dead on the floor . eyewitness : eugene rhoden , 49 , pictured , lives across the street and told news 9 that he saw the woman , pull up to the house shortly after 3 p.m. in a van to get some of her belongings from her ex-boyfriend . norman police spokesman captain tom easley said : ' the male had killed his girlfriend using a knife and then turned the weapon on himself ' . however , shortly afterwards , someone from inside the home dialed 911 and rhoden saw the police make their way up the street with their guns drawn shouting ' police ! police found the couple dead with knife wounds and evidence indicates that the man attacked the woman with a knife and then turned the weapon on himself . norman police spokesman captain tom easley said : ' the male had killed his girlfriend using a knife and then turned the weapon on himself . ' it 's tragic and a lot of people are going to be affected by this . hugh brown lives next door to the deceased couple with his grandchildren . he said : ' i 'm just in awe of it all because they seemed like good neighbors . '