northampton 's maligned hit man is primed to go big-game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force in the wake of renewed criticism . courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints , ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne , carrying notoriety as excess baggage . his brutal tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month , in the six nations finale , angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned . while the match officials and citing officer deemed that no action was needed , the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel and there were cries of protest in these parts , too . england lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson . click here to read jeff 's article on lawes ' tackle . writing in these pages , jeff powell suggested that lawes should apologise for an offence that he argued would put parents off allowing their children to play such a brutal , damaging game . the comments found their target but the 26-year-old is a laid-back character and was unfazed by the storm he had created . ‘ i just took it on the chin and thought , “ people are going to say what they think sometimes , and sometimes people are going to view things differently” , ’ said lawes as he prepared for another momentous anglo-french encounter .  ‘ obviously he has the outlet of the daily mail to post his thoughts . i tweeted him . i wasn’t fussed about it but i thought i’d send him a little tweet , just to get my own back a bit ! ’ aside from that particular outburst of condemnation , there were widespread concerns expressed about the timing and legality of his tackling style , but lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record . ‘ to be honest , as long as it is legal and i’m not putting my team in any jeopardy doing it , in terms of me getting booked or sent off or anything like that , i’m going to do anything i can to help the team , ’ he said . ‘i’m not the sort of person who is fussed about what people think of me . i’m only bothered about what i can do for my team and for myself as a player . coaches know how good you are , no matter what things other people are saying outside the room . lawes crumples plisson in the aftermath of his monstrous tackle on the french fly half . ‘ the fact is that my record is very clean . i’ve only been cited once and i’ve never been red-carded . i don’t think i’ve had many yellows , if any , this year . i don’t have a malicious streak . i know i’m not a thug , i don’t go around punching or fighting , any of that rubbish . ‘ i just get on with the game . i don’t even allow people to get me too aggravated , i just get on with my own thing . i’m comfortable being who i am . if people want to say i’m something else , that’s fair enough . ’ one of the accusations levelled at lawes is that he sets out to intimidate smaller opponents , notably half-backs , leading to a multitude of one-sided collisions . he argues that trying to unsettle and nullify these primary decision- makers is a reasonable and vital aspect of his repertoire . ‘ if you can put pressure on the 10 , then you go out and put pressure on the 10 , and if you can do it legally then why can’t you do it ? ’ he said . ‘that’s the way i see it . i’ve got that kind of timing around the ruck and i’ve got the speed to get to the 10 . my size is the reason that the impact is so big , but i don’t go looking for it . a livid yoann maestri pushed lawes in the face and grapples with the england man following his challenge . lawes and maestri continue their disagreement on their feet as matters threaten to boil over . ‘ it makes a big difference to the game if you can stop the 10 from passing or stop that particular play . it doesn’t even have to be a big hit , it just makes a difference if that 10 knows that he has pressure on him . ‘ there is obviously a line between a legitimate and a late tackle because people get yellow-carded for late tackles . ‘ you watch the replay of the hit on plisson and the other player has not caught the ball before we’ve hit the ground . the fact is , had the tackle not looked as severe as it did no-one would have said anything . ‘ the only reason is because of the impact , which looks bad because he’s landed on his head . i haven’t tipped him up or anything like that — i’ve just followed through with my tackle . i didn’t even know he didn’t have the ball until i looked up afterwards . ’ 26-year-old lawes passes the ball during a northampton saints training session earlier this week . lawes has revealed that he intends to maintain his destructive style of play for northampton on saturday . asked if he intended to resume normal , destructive service for northampton on saturday — in defiance of the criticism — he added : ‘ yeah , of course . i’ve never done anything to get myself sent off in terms of my tackle timing or whatever , so why would i stop if it is legal ? ’ northampton , the champions of england , face a colossal challenge against a french club who simply do not lose at home , especially in europe . the saints and three of their fellow aviva premiership teams have daunting ties away from home , but captain dylan hartley has hope for the quartet . ‘ i am fully confident in ourselves , ’ hartley said . ‘ i think wasps have a big ask in toulon but we saw with 14 men the other night how dangerous they can be . i think sarries against racing could get a result there . and bath v leinster , who knows ? i think there could be a few upsets . ’