when running , a change in the speed of a track on your playlist can throw your pace completely out of sync . so adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history and these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute . the app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up . songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to . instagram has launched an account called @ music that helps people explore songs and albums . @ music will features established artists as well as upcoming singers and bands . there will be six posts per week , grouped into series including : # locallysourced : featuring unsigned acts . # doubletrack : focuses on artists ' interests outside of music . # 15secondlessons : videos on how to perform everything from riffs to drumbeats . ' for many people having the right music playing while you run can provide the perfect boost of energy to enhance your running experience , ' said adrian leek , general manager of adidas running . ' adidas go lets your energy level control the music that plays during your run , so you 're always in control . for the first time , instead of runners listening to music , music will listen to runners . ' the free app also intuitively streams spotify tracks that match the runner 's interests based on their preferred playlists , artists and genres and listening history . once a workout is complete , users can review and save their distance , time , pace , as well as see which tracks were played . they can then add these songs to their collection , and share their results on facebook , twitter and instagram . adidas go is available for ios only via the apple app store , with support for devices from iphone 4s models or later . once installed the free app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute . the app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up . when opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day spotify premium trial . users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed adidas playlists . after the trial expires they can then upgrade to spotify premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists . when opening the app for the first time , users enter a seven-day spotify premium trial . users can either pick workout playlists from their existing preferences or select a proposed adidas playlists . after the trial expires they can then upgrade to spotify premium or use their local music library to generate the running playlists . spotify premium costs £9.99 ( $ 9.99 ) a month and comes with offline listening and no adverts .