ed miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000 . first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000 and have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government , ed miliband will say today . mr miliband will say labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax . labour claims its tax break – which would last three years – would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard . a labour government would also change planning law to give first-time buyers who have lived in a local authority area for more than three years ‘ first call’ on up to half of homes built locally . labour aides say they would have a two-month window in which to buy a home before it was made more generally available in a reform designed to overcome local opposition to housing developments . the policy announcements – labour’s most eye-catching so far in the campaign – are designed to counter tory plans to expand help to buy loans , the right to buy for housing-association tenants and to offer 200,000 ‘ starter homes’ , sold at a 20 per cent discount . they are also meant to trump chancellor george osborne’s reforms to stamp duty , announced late last year , which have delivered savings for 98 per cent of homebuyers . mr osborne’s changes mean there is no stamp duty paid on the first £125,000 of a property purchase , 2 per cent between £125,000 and £250,000 and 5 per cent between £250,000 and £925,000 . the changes are paid for by big hikes to duty on more expensive properties . speaking in stockton , co durham , mr miliband will warn of a housing crisis in which a severe lack of homes being built has priced millions out of the property market and left many who want to buy living in private rented accommodation . the rate of home ownership has slipped to its lowest for 30 years , and buy-to-let landlords and foreign investors are snapping up properties before others get a chance . labour claims it will oversee the construction of a million homes by 2020 and introduce controversial ‘ use or lose it’ powers ensuring developers build on land rather than hoarding it . local authorities will be able to levy council tax on sites which remain undeveloped to try to force developers’ hands . ‘there’s nothing more british than the dream of home ownership , starting out in a place of your own , ’ mr miliband will say . mr miliband will say labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax . ‘ but for so many young people today that dream is fading with more people than ever renting when they want to buy , new properties being snapped up before local people get a look-in , young families wondering if this country will ever work for them . it is simply too expensive for so many young people to buy a home today , saving up for the deposit , paying the fees and having enough left over for the stamp duty . ‘ so we’re going to act so we can transform the opportunities for young working people in our country . for the first three years of the next labour government , we will abolish stamp duty for all first-time buyers of homes under £300,000 . ’ shadow chancellor ed balls insists the party’s plan for stamp duty is ‘ fully funded’ . eric pickles , right , said rent control is the most effective way of destroying a city - bar bombing it . the stamp-duty cut would cost £225million a year . labour says it would be paid for by tackling tax avoidance by landlords , which hmrc has calculated costs more than £550million each year . a ‘ national register of landlords’ will mean this can be cut by at least 20 per cent , generating £100million , labour claims . it would also increase tax paid by holding companies that buy uk property on behalf of investors and raise stamp duty on buyers from outside the eu . the party would also cut tax relief that rogue landlords get for repairs and upkeep when their properties are not up to standard . landlords who let furnished properties can claim tax relief even if they are not investing in their property .