ukip’s suzanne evans today said she will step in as party leader if nigel farage quits because of ill health . mr farage has revealed that he is suffering from a recurring spinal injury that means he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits . the ukip leader has also pledged to be ' gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win in thanet south where he is standing to become an mp . scroll down for video . stepping into the breach : the party 's deputy chairman suzanne evans ( pictured right ) said she would step in as leader if mr farage ( left ) is forced to pull out due to ill health . but she played down his medical problems . asked what she would do if mr farage asked her to ' carry on the mantle ' , miss evans today told murnaghan on sky news : ' well if he said that to me , of course i would , yes . ' but he’s going to win and i can not wait to see him in the house of commons , he will really shake things up , it is a very exciting prospect . ' miss evans , who is the party 's deputy chairman , down-played mr farage 's medical problems . she added : ' his health is fine , his health is absolutely fine and whilst nigel is leader he has my 100 % support . 'he’s a great leader , look what he’s done for this party over 22 years , battered , bruised , physically , verbally , in all manner of ways . he is the man for the job . ' in pain : ukip leader nigel farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication . miss evans is seen as the party 's rising star and has been increasingly tipped as mr farage 's successor because of strong media performances . she wrote the party 's general election manifesto . after the manifesto launch , she was praised for her assured and confident performance and she received mr farage’s personal thanks . in january she stepped in as policy chief after tim aker quit amid reports he was failing to deliver it on time . miss evans , who is a former bbc local radio journalist , works freelance as a pr and marketing consultant and in 2011 founded a health charity for women . in may 2013 she came to prominence when she defected from the tories to ukip with a group of councillors in merton , south london , but she lost her seat in local election last year . she is regularly used by the party for appearances on programmes such as question time and newsnight , and has been fronting the party’s election campaign morning press conferences . but despite increasing talk about her leadership potential , senior ukip figures privately admit she is unlikely to be elected in shrewsbury & atcham , the shropshire seat where she is standing to become mp . mr farage has said it would be difficult for his successor not to have a place in the commons without the ‘ potential for conflict’ .