napoli president aurelio de laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp ' for an unlimited period of time ' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . di laurentiis was furious after his team continued their recent slide by losing 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final on wednesday , going down 2-1 on aggregate . the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win which has seen napoli drop from third place to sixth , leaving them with only a faint chance of qualifying for the champions league next season . lorenzo insigne reacts as napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio on wednesday and exited the coppa italia . the result heaps more pressure on boss rafael benitez , who has not matched the success of his first season . napoli president aurelio de laurentiis was furious with the result and blasted the commitment from the team . ' i have decided that if there is no change in course between now and the end of the season , the players will go to a training camp ... for an unlimited period of time , ' he told reporters . ' it 's my decision . ' i want discipline , ' he continued . ' i have never failed to pay salaries or even delayed them . i have spent 386 million euros ( £281million ) on the purchase of players in 10 years and i demand commitment . ' i dislike the idea of a training camp as part of the club 's philosophy , but naples is a city which is full of distractions , ' he added . ' i demand that they work with me and for a common purpose , with full commitment to the fans and the city . ' since going to a training camp is uncomfortable in a city such as this , i hope that ( the threat ) awakens some pride in the players . ' the defeat also increased pressure on coach rafael benitez , who led napoli to a third-placed finish and the coppa italia title last season but has failed to build on what was considered a reasonable , but unspectacular , first season . gonzalo higuain ( right ) fails to connect with an acrobatic kick as napoli lost 2-1 to lazio on aggregate . lazio 's players celebrate after eliminating napoli to advance to the final of the coppa italia . senad lulic ( right ) converts lazio 's winner at the san paolo stadium to send his team to the final . he is now left with the europa league , where napoli have reached the quarter-finals , as their only chance of silverware this season . ' we got to the coppa italia and europa league quarter-finals , so you ca n't say we 're not doing well , ' said the spaniard , whose contract runs until the end of the season . ' you ca n't say that we have n't done enough this season , the team has created a lot . ' we created seven clear chances and failed to score from anything thanks to some bad luck and the merits of our opponents . ' we are still alive and kicking , we just need a little more accuracy in front of goal . ' 