a man who dresses as the cookie monster to greet visitors to new york 's times square was arrested for allegedly groping a teenager . ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group . however he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was perez . the incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in times square , amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder . scroll down for video . a man who dresses as the cookie monster and greets visitors to times square was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old and then freed after police could not be sure it was him . officials said the number of costumed characters in the area , like those pictured , are becoming an increasing problem in new york . the girl had claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the cookie monster who then touched her breasts . perez was arrested at the scene , and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17 , as well as second degree harassment , gothamist reported . the incident took place at about 5.30pm on sunday . he was released on tuesday morning as police confirmed they would not be prosecuting the case . the teenage girl , who was visiting from winsconsin , told the new york post : ' i am beyond upset about it . my level of anger right now is n't just about being molested . the fact that the manhattan da is 100 percent ok with it is utterly disgusting . ' perez told the newspaper that officers , who arrested him on monday , had got the wrong cookie monster . he said : ' i love people and i love children . . . it could have been anyone else , but not me . ' in recent years there has been a rise in the number of people dressing up in costumes as characters from popular television shows in times square , leading to calls for them to be regulated and forced to apply for a licence costing $ 175 . in 2012 a man dressed as elmo was arrested in times square following a loud verbal exchange . rosa sanchez , 36 , pictured here dressed as elmo , was arrested for aggressive panhandling . costumed characters are a regular appearance in times square , with a number demanding tips . the characters are becoming renowned for causing disturbances in their interaction with members of the public and a crackdown on the issue has been dubbed operation sesame street . police have recently been distributing flyers reminding people that they do not have to pay to pose with the characters , following a number of incidents . almost 20 costumed characters were arrested last year for a catalogue of offences . a man who dresses as elmo from sesame street has been arrested several times for disorderly conduct for making anti-semitic remarks to passersby . last year rosa sanchez , 36 , from new jersey , was taken into custody tuesday for allegedly demanding tips in an aggressive manner from passersby while dressed as elmo . more people are dressing up as the cookie monster ( left ) , woody from toy story ( centre ) and elmo ( right ) . also in 2014 a man dressed as toy story hero woody was arrested after he was accused of sexually assaulting a woman by grabbing her buttocks . several other costumed panhandlers were also arrested - in july , a man dressed as spider-man was charged with punching a police officer who intervened in a tipping dispute with a tourist . three more men dressed as spider-man , iron man and elmo were arrested that same weekend and charged with disorderly conduct for obstructing pedestrian traffic . in 2013 a different man dressed as the cookie monster was held by police over claims he had shoved a toddler . 