with her contoured cheeks , flawless glow and smokey eyes , let 's face it , who does n't want to look like kim kardashian ? when the reality tv star once shared a snap mid-way through her makeover revealing her contouring tricks , a new beauty craze was born . and now , the secret behind the 34-year-old reality tv star 's glowing skin has been revealed . scroll down for video . want to look like kim kardashian ? now you can , because the flawless star has revealed the products that give her that envy-inducing glow . the mother-of-one , who shared her beauty essentials on instagram , protects her skin with a £65 ( $ 96 ) creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid , which claims to prevent the appearance of discolorations while providing protection from the sun . the cream , which is packed with gemstones , peculiar sounding ' photonic spheres ' and smart seaweeds , can also be used as a make-up primer . kim shared her beauty essentials on her instagram page and , of course , a hairbrush from her own brand featured . kim then loves to spritz her face with a £12 ( $ 18 ) rose water mist from glossier . the little-known product is made with roses and aloe and aims to to hydrate , soothe , and leave you feeling fresh and awake . the brand say the product is also ' excellent as a make-up refresher and midday pick-me-up ' . to remove the day 's face , kim uses a nars face wash and black clarisonic mia sonic skin cleansing system . the nars gentle cream cleanser apparently helps to maintain skin 's moisture balance while removing makeup and impurities . meanwhile , the vibrating brush uses a micro-massage motion , which is said to work within skin 's natural elasticity to gently remove the impurities traditional methods leave behind-leaving skin softer , smoother and more beautiful . clearly it 's working for kim . other beauty essentials in her cosmetics bag include a hairbrush from her own range , kardashian beauty , which she established with her sisters , as well as an essie nail polish . speaking to femail recently , kim said : ' as far as products , i love the kardashian beauty dry shampoo and conditioner , which we have . i 've never seen a dry conditioner out there but it really helps when you 're trying to not wash your hair . ' another product the sisters swear by is coconut oil , which they say is ' everything ' . ' when i take off my make-up , i use avocado oil or coconut oil and i also sleep in it , it 's amazing for dry hair , ' explained khloe . ' you can put it on your body , too . coconut oil can do everything . ' when it comes to grooming her brows , kim calls on anastasia soare , who is known in tinseltown as ' the queen of eyebrow shaping ' . the brow groomer uses the dipbrow pomade , which she applies with her £15.50 brow wiz , an ultra-fine brow pencil , which claims to fill in sparse brows for a naturally fuller appearance . she then defines and enhances the brows with her £17 brow powder duo , which is enriched with vitamins c and e to nourish and protect , before sealing the powder make-up into place with her £15 beauty genius clear waterproof gel , which she says seals and waterproofs any loose powder . to remove the day 's face , kim uses a black clarisonic mia sonic skin cleansing system , left , loves to spritz her face with a £12 ( $ 18 ) rose water mist from glossier , centre , and protect her skin from the sun with a £65 ( $ 96 ) creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid , right . as well as running a successful beauty empire with her sisters , kim has revealed that she wants to design a range of handbags for toddlers . the keeping up with the kardashians star - who has 22-month-old daughter north with husband kanye west - is set to launch her kardashian kids collection next week and has revealed she 's already thinking about adding more accessories to the range . asked about designing shoes or handbags , she told vogue.com : ' well , north does love handbags . and anything where there 's a little bit of glitz . ' when it comes to grooming her brows , kim calls on anastasia soare , who is known in tinseltown as ' the queen of eyebrow shaping ' . the 34-year-old beauty admits that while her daughter is a big fan of fancy shoes , she 's not so keen on the range of headbands included in her mother 's new collection . kim explained : ' every day she wakes up and says , `` shoes '' . you have to bargain with her - before you change her diaper she needs a pair of shoes on ... she has n't been the biggest fan of keeping something on her head . ' kardashian kids launches on nordstrom.com on april 13 with prices ranging between $ 25 ( £16.80 ) and $ 35 ( £23.60 ) and kim admits that while she did a lot of research online , she also drew inspiration from her own wardrobe which is why the collection features pieces such as peplum tops and faux leather leggings . kim - who has 22-month-old daughter north with husband kanye west - has revealed that she wants to design a range of handbags for toddlers .   