her brother-in-law has led a personal crusade against poaching and protecting vulnerable wildlife . so pippa middleton’s decision to enjoy a plate of whale meat on holiday may have been rather difficult for prince william to swallow . the 31-year-old , who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer , has told of eating minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide . she boasted of tucking into the delicacy in norway , to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ‘ unimaginably cruel’ trade . scroll down for video . pippa middleton has been slammed for ‘ promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry’ . she 's pictured here at the 2014 gq men of the year awards in london . in a gushing newspaper feature , the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister described how the smoked meat was served in a ‘ wonderfully convivial atmosphere’ at the juvet landscape hotel in north-west norway . tucking into a starter prepared carpaccio-style – raw and very thinly sliced – she wrote : ‘ we dined on smoked whale carpaccio ( which tastes similar to smoked salmon but looks more like venison carpaccio ) . ’ ms middleton said that she ate whale carpaccio in a ' convivial atmosphere on a large communal table ' . earlier she had enjoyed a steam bath and rubbed ice on her body in a ‘ snow spa’ at the upmarket hotel , where she spent the night in a £170-a-night ‘ designer pod’ . the hunting and importation of whale meat is banned in britain , as it is in most parts of the world , by both the international whaling commission and by the international wildlife convention cites . but norway – as well as japan and iceland – has exploited legal loopholes that allow it to opt out of regulations . last year it killed around 730 minke whales , the highest number since it broke the moratorium on commercial whaling in 1993 . campaigners have long called for a crackdown , arguing the hunting process is ‘ unimaginably cruel and inhumane’ . the socialite , writing in the daily telegraph , said that she ate whale at the £123-a-night juvet landscape hotel ( pictured ) . ms middleton said that the dinner was cooked by knut , the hotel’s owner . the duchess of cambridge 's sister said that the establishment was an ' architectural gem ' . pippa middleton would be breaking british law if she had tucked into the whale meat in the uk . britain has signed up to the international whaling commission , which makes it illegal to import or eat whale meat in this country . whaling is also prohibited under eu law , but norway is not a member of the eu . last season , 731 minke whales were killed in norway off the country’s northern coasts . the whaling season runs from april to august , when they are hunted from boats using grenade-propelled harpoons , which are shot from cannons into the whale’s chest . in the 1960s and 70s whale meat was commonly served in norwegian school canteens and as part of military rations . it then fell out of favour , but has recently been adopted as a gourmet food trend . fish market manager marius tvethaug said : ‘ smoked whale is one of the oldest ways to keep food for a long time . and we’ve been catching whale since the stone age . i would say it’s kind of back to our roots . ’ even with modern harpoons powered by explosives , the mammals often died a ‘ slow and painful’ death . critics said miss middleton’s decision to eat whale meat was at odds with the stance taken by prince william – even though he too has been attacked for continuing to hunt wild game . she has also been photographed hunting in the past . vanessa williams-grey , of whale and dolphin conservation , said : ‘ it might have been better for pippa to take a whale watch trip in norway . she might then have thought twice about condoning and indeed , promoting , this cruel and unnecessary trade . ’ philip mansbridge , uk director of the international fund for animal welfare , said she was ‘ unwittingly setting a bad example’ that may encourage other tourists . a spokesman for miss middleton , who travelled on the junket for the daily telegraph , refused to comment last night . but knut slinning , owner of juvet landscape hotel , said he had no plans to stop serving whale meat because it has been eaten for ‘ many hundreds of years’ . however , siri martinsen , of norway’s animals rights group noah , said miss middleton has a ‘ special responsibility’ not to support animal cruelty .   last year 731 minke whales suffered an agonising death at the hand of norwegian whalers , according to wdc . pictured is a minke whale on the deck of a japanese vessel . three greenpeace inflatables interrupt whaling on board the norwegian whaling vessel kato in the southern whaling grounds in the north sea . ms middleton , a fitness fanatic , is currently preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton in june , to raise money for the british heart foundation . 