rafa benitez has admitted he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle before the midfielder joined wolfsburg in january . the napoli manager , who won the europa league as blues boss in 2013 , will see his side line up against the german outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition on thursday . as well as schurrle , benitez also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo before their january departures to wolfsburg from borussia dortmund and bayern munich respectively . napoli boss rafael benitez takes charge of training at the wolfsburg arena . gonzalo higuain works with the ball ahead of the europa league quarter-final at the wolfsburg arena . lorenzo insigne performs during the training session on the eve of the quarter-final . dynamo kiev vs fiorentina . club bruges vs dnipro . sevilla vs zenit . wolfsburg vs napoli . all kick-offs 8.05pm bst . 'it’s true we tracked luiz gustavo , ivan perisic and andre schurrle for a long time , but it was not possible to sign them , ' benitez said . ' wolfsburg are a strong side with huge potential , so we will give 100 per cent in this difficult game . ' napoli travel to wolfsburg for the first leg of the quarter-final and benitez also added that his team had more character than his europa league winning chelsea team , as well as his liverpool outfit who won the champions league in 2005 . ' looking at the character , this is perhaps the best team i 've ever had , benitez said . ' they are excellent professionals . my team are ready for this and hopefully we 'll have the killer instinct which is missing sometimes . wolfsburg striker nicklas bendtner tests his agility during a training session before the european tie . former chelsea midfielder kevin de bruyne also trained with wolfsburg . luiz gustavo , linked with a january move to napoli , trains on the eve of the europa league tie for wolfsburg . ' wolfsburg have a physically strong team so we have to look at ourselves , show our quality on the pitch . ' many of wolfsburg 's players could easily slot into our team . they have a lot of quality and that 's why we will show them as much respect as they deserve . with tottenham , liverpool and everton having already been dumped out , there are no english teams in the last eight as dynamo kiev face fiorentina , club bruges take on dnipro and holders sevilla host zenit . andre schurrle was a target for rafa benitez before the german midfielder left chelsea to join wolfsburg . here he reaches for the ball in a league game against stuttgart earlier in april . benitez takes his napoli side to wolfsburg for a europa league quarter-final , with the former chelsea boss winning the competition with the blues in 2013 .  