accused : officer aaron stringer , from bakersfield , california , allegedly pulled on the toes and ' tickled ' the feet of a man whom police had recently killed . a police officer who allegedly ' loves playing with dead bodies ' has been accused of ' tickling ' the feet and yanking on the head and toes of a dead man who had been recently shot killed by cops . aaron stringer , of the bakersfield , california , police department , reportedly said ' tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of ramiro james villegas , a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day . a trainee police officer who was with him at the time told how stringer then pulled on the corpse 's toes , and pulled his head back and forth while discussing rigor mortis after the shooting on november 13 . according to the bakersfield californian , he then said that he ' loves playing with dead bodies ' and later told her to lie about what she 'd seen . stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in november . villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high-speed chase , abc23 reported . officers say they gunned him down after he got out of the car and reached for his waistband , raising fears that he had a gun . it later became clear that he was n't armed . stringer , who filed a police report about the day 's activities , mentioned interviewing witnesses alongside trainee lindy degeare , who eventually blew the whistle on the alleged corpse manipulation . shot dead : ramiro james villegas , 22 , had been shot dead on november 13 by bakersfield police after a car chase . stringer allegedly ' played ' with his body as it lay under a bloodied sheet . let in : stringer was allowed to see the body by a nurse at the kern medical center , above . she said stringer volunteered them to head to the kern medical center in bakersfield to help identify the body . it was there that a nurse gave them the passcode to the morgue where villegas was being held . she said that when stringer suggested she take a look at the body , she presumed it was part of legitimate training . under california law , police officers are allowed to look at dead bodies to assess wounds , but are not supposed to handle them . according to the bakersfield california , local prosecutors considered charging stringer but dropped the case due to insufficient evidence . he is currently being investigated internally by the police department . a lawyer for the villegas family said they are also ' very close ' to filing a suit of their own . shooting : above shows local news footage of the scene where villegas was shot . he had just crashed his car after a chase .