driving around in their mother 's consular bmw in miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana : this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a canadian diplomat . but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead . marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder . now , as the details of that night unfold , investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother roxanne dube , canada 's consul general in miami . indulgent life : jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , ( left ) and his 15-year-old brother marc ( right ) drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs , the younger boy has told investigators . bloody aftermath : the boys and a friend had driven to a house , pictured here with blood on the floor , to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . in the shooting , jean was shot dead . the boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent coral way district . court documents read by the national post revealed marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first . ' defendant continued to state that he was from canada and they had done the same type of thing in canada and had also done other drug rip-offs in miami , ' the affidavit states . indeed , macleans reports that the pair would miss school to drive around with their loaded guns in the back seat . marc and jean , who both attended ottawa 's private lycee claudel school , were enrolled at different institutions when they got to the u.s. : jean at $ 31,000-a-year gulliver preparatory school , marc at the public palmetto school . according to macleans , both harbored a reputation for drug abuse - something the boys were already deeply immersed in . it has been widely reported that jean had a substance abuse problem , tweeting about ' weed ' and ' startin off the day wit mah blunt o herb ' . even his father told global news he ' could tell ' jean was into drugs . but marc , he insists , was the perfect child . back story : details are now emerging about the lifestyle of the boys , privately-educated sons of a canadian diplomat . when they moved to miami , jean ( left ) was enrolled at a $ 31,000-a-year school . in court : roxanne dube , mother of the boys , is pictured arriving in court before her son 's first hearing . high-ranking official : dube , a one-time fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in november , but only arrived in miami in february . she was previously the envoy in zimbabwe . however , in the wake of his brother 's death , the younger brother defended their antics and proudly declared to investigators that they cavorted around ottawa together . on the night of jean 's death they are said to have driven to a house to buy marijuana on monday march 30 with their friend jean met at a dance festival , 17-year-old joshua white . as marc sat in the car , jean and joshua went inside . minutes later , they were dead and the alleged drug dealer inside , 19-year-old anthony rodriguez , was shot in the arm . a grand jury will decide whether to bring murder charges against marc . under florida law , people can be charged with felony murder if they were involved in a crime that leads to a killing — even if a person did n't participate directly in the killing . police also say marc wabafiyebazu threatened to shoot a detective in the head after his arrest , which would be another felony count . assistant state attorney marie mato said after a brief hearing that the grand jury could decide to charge 15-year-old marc wabafiyebazu as an adult . his attorney , curt obront , said wabafiyebazu will plead not guilty to any charges that are filed . ' we will be defending these charges , ' obront told reporters . dube attended the hearing wednesday but did not speak with reporters . marc wabafiyebazu spoke only to answer a few questions from miami-dade circuit judge angelica zayas , who set an april 20 hearing on the results of the grand jury 's work . ' how are you doing this morning ? ' zayas asked the boy at one point . ' i 'm doing fine , ' he responded . ' do n't say anything to anybody about this case , ' the judge warned . according to police reports , the wabafiyebazu brothers — who had only recently relocated from their father 's home in ottawa , canada , to south florida to be with their mother — took their mother 's personal vehicle to the alleged drug meeting . the personal vehicle carries diplomatic plates , but authorities say marc wabafiyebazu is not protected by diplomatic immunity . crime scene : in this photo taken on monday , march 30 , 2015 , miami-dade police detectives work at a crime scene in miami , involving the two teenage sons of roxanne dube , canada 's counsel general in maimi . gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though marc was in the car at the time . police say rodriguez brought the marijuana — worth less than $ 5,000 — and negotiations began . marc wabafiyebazu said he was waiting outside in his mother 's car while his older brother went inside ' to conduct the rip-off , ' according to a police report . ' in the process of that rip-off , several shots were fired inside the residence , ' killing jean wabafiyebazu and wright . rodriguez was wounded along with a fourth person , 21-year-old johan ruiz , who was shot in the abdomen and is recovering . police say marc wabafiyebazu rushed into the house after hearing the gunshots , but exactly what he did after that is not clear . police have also said the two dead teenagers apparently shot each other . authorities have not said where jean wabafiyebazu obtained a weapon or weapons they believe he brought to the residence . anthony rodriguez ( above ) was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . obront said marc wabafiyebazu has no prior criminal record . ' this is a tragic situation , ' obront said . ' our heart goes out to all of the families . ' germano wabafiyebazu said his sons borrowed their mother 's personal car , which has diplomatic license plates , to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive . he said he was told that marc rushed into the house after hearing a gunshot . authorities say marc will not be protected by diplomatic immunity . dube and her family , meanwhile , expressed condolences to the family of joshua wright , the other deceased victim , and said they just want to be there for the younger son . ' your grief is our grief , ' she said . ' we can only hope that , in time , we will find common purpose towards diminishing the causes of such violent crimes . for now , we just want to be there for marc , our incredibly caring son who loved his brother very much , and to say goodbye , ever so tenderly and quietly to jean , our love . ' dube , a one-time fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in november , but only arrived in miami in february . she was previously canada 's ambassador to zimbabwe from 2005 to 2008 and also served as a staff member for a canadian liberal cabinet minister for more than a decade . john babcock , a spokesman for canada 's foreign department , said louise leger has been named acting head of mission on an interim basis . the boys ' father , germano wabafiyebazu , said he and dube were divorced a few years ago and that their son jean struggled with substance abuse . he previously told global news that he does not think marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . he also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ' my wife told me they did n't go out , ' he said . ' they went to school , went home , went to school . '