ronald koeman is looking forward to this weekend 's ' special ' match against tottenham , ahead of which the southampton manager praised the ' great job ' predecessor mauricio pochettino did at st mary 's . the former argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a five-year deal at white hart lane . pochettino 's exit was the catalyst to an unparalleled talent drain from st mary 's , although successor koeman has not only steered the club to calmer waters but to new heights . southampton boss ronald koeman has praised the work of his predecessor mauricio pochettino at the club . pochettino ( left ) managed southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for tottenham hotspur . southampton full-back nathaniel clyne ( left ) tussles for possession with stoke 's steven nzonzi ( right ) . stoke forward jonathan walters dribbles ahead of southampton 's maya yoshida ( right ) in their last game . koeman had to cope with several player sales at southampton , including luke shaw to manchester united . attacking midfielder adam lallana ( right ) was also sold to liverpool shortly after koeman arrived at the club . with five matches remaining , saints are just a point and a place worse off than spurs in sixth and can usurp them in the european spots with victory in saturday 's early kick-off . ' everybody was afraid because we had to make a lot of changes in the team , ' koeman told reporters . ' but i think the quality of the players that we brought in were good , at a good level . i think the rest of the players had really a good aspiration and ambition to do a good season , to play a good season at a good level . ' now we are fighting for a high position in the table . there 's still five games to play and a very nice one this saturday afternoon . ' it is tottenham , the difference is only one point and , okay , for the fans maybe it makes it a little bit more special because mauricio is now the coach and was the coach of southampton . ' he is the coach of the opponent this saturday , so that makes it special but the game will be decided between the white lines . ' koeman was speaking at st mary 's after meeting barclays spirit of the game hero tina croucher , who was being rewarded for her community work at the club . the southampton manager and midfielder victor wanyama answered questions from a handful of supporters as part of the event , where talk of pochettino was rarely far away . koeman says his return along with the potential implications of the result makes saturday 's match the biggest at st mary 's since he took the reins . a positive result would see saints break their record premier league points haul set last year by pochettino , although he is unlikely to get a particularly warm reception . the former argentina defender 's departure left a sour taste with many southampton fans , whose travelling support gave him a taster of what to expect at white hart lane earlier in the season . ' sometimes if you go as a barcelona player to madrid the reception is difficult , and sometimes in holland , ' koeman said , when asked if he has such a bad reception . ' but , okay , i think the reception for mauricio normally has to be good because he did a great job for southampton . ' i like him as a person and as a coach and we have a good contact . ' southampton midfielder victor wanyama ( centre ) shields the ball from swansea players back in september . there certainly does not appear any bad blood between koeman and pochettino , despite the latter suggesting earlier in the year that he handed the dutchman an easy job at southampton . koeman took those comments in his stride , joking at the time that he only came to southampton ' to have a nice little holiday ' . now , just days before the game , the saints boss gave a more serious answer , praising his spurs counterpart for the legacy he left at st mary 's . ' i think they make the beginning ( of this ) and developed the quality of the players , the young players , ' koeman said . ' i think the structure and organisation in the team , the spirit of the players starts under mauricio . ' i took that over and maybe we were different in some details . from what i heard , maybe i try to do more training sessions with the ball and maybe he was a little bit more physical . ' i think the start , for the development of the team , was under mauricio and he did a great job last season . ' we continue ( that ) and so far we made it a little bit better than it was , but that is all about the experience and quality of the players . ' harry kane scores tottenham 's third goal in their 3-1 win over newcastle , which sees them fifth in the table . tottenham midfielder nacer chadli ( left ) tussles for possession with newcastle's fabricio coloccini ( right ) .