an oregon man adopted from south korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his u.s. citizenship was never registered . adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 . the father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . adding to crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have . deportation fears : korean adoptee adam crapser , left , poses with daughters , christal , one , christina , five , and his wife , anh nguyen , in the family 's living room in oregon . now , after a life battling joblessness because of his lack of immigration papers , homelessness and crime , crapser is facing deportation . ' the state abandoned him when he was a child , ' his attorney , lori walls , said . ' now the us is throwing him out . ' federal immigration officials say they became aware of crapser after he applied to renew his green card two years ago : his criminal convictions , ranging from burglary to assault , made him potentially deportable under immigration law . us immigration and customs enforcement was n't aware of crapser 's childhood adoption history when it decided to pursue his deportation , agency spokesman andrew munoz said . two u.s. senators , including jeff merkley , d-oregon , are proposing a stand-alone , automatic citizenship bill for adoptees like crapser . growing pains : this undated photo provided by crapser shows him around the age of three with his sister . struggles : abandoned by one adoptive family , separated for nearly three decades from his only biological sister , and exposed to abuse by another american adoptive couple , crapser struggled with rejection , homelessness and crime . ' it was not his responsibility to fill out that immigration paperwork , ' merkley said . ' he knows no other country . ' advocates say thousands of adoptees do n't know they are n't citizens until they , for example , try to get a job . the federal government does not track the citizenship status of international adoptees or how many have faced deportation . the state department says it is aware of adult adoptees who are in immigration removal proceedings . adoptees who did n't become citizens are lawful permanent residents - but they lack the documents to prove it . their stories about deportation to countries as diverse as india , russia or brazil are detailed on advocacy websites . many of them remained stuck in legal limbo . a provision that would make citizenship automatic for all international adoptees regardless of age was added to a senate immigration bill several years ago . but when reform stalled , the provision did , too . since the 1950s , american couples have adopted nearly half a million children from other countries ; about 100,000 of those children came from south korea . for years , it was the parents ' responsibility to seek citizenship , but many did not . in 2000 , lawmakers made citizenship automatic for international adoptees , but the law was n't retroactive . it excluded adoptees 18 or older at the time . crapser would n't have met the criteria . seven years after crapser and his sister were adopted , their parents abandoned them . the foster care system separated crapser , ten at the time , from his sister , whom he was dependent on , according to orphanage records . the boy bounced through several foster and group homes . when crapser was 12 , he moved in with thomas and dolly crapser , their biological son , two other adoptees and several foster children . the next four years , adam crapser said , the couple choked , kicked and hit him and the other children every day , slammed them against walls , set dogs to attack them and burned them with hot objects . still in limbo : crapser poses with daughter , christal , one , in the family 's living room . ' everything i did was wrong , ' he said . ' as far as humiliation goes , i have been there . ' his father also used racial epithets to address him and forced him to forget korea . ' he always told me i 'm american , and that i need to let go of my past , ' adam crapser said . in 1991 , the couple was arrested on charges of physical child abuse , sexual abuse and rape . they denied the charges . thomas crapser 's sentence included 90 days in jail , and his wife 's three years of probation . because students at his high school teased him about the abuse , adam crapser said he dropped out of 9th grade . he became homeless and slept in a shelter or the back of an old car while working several fast food jobs and finishing his high school equivalency diploma at night . the crapsers had not obtained u.s. citizenship papers for him . over the next few years , adam crapser struggled alone , and also got into trouble with the law . once it was after he broke into his parents ' home - it was , he said , to retrieve the korean bible and rubber shoes that came with him from the orphanage - and later it was for stealing cars and assaulting a roommate . because he lacked a green card to prove he could work in the u.s. , he opened a barber shop and an upholstery business - something he could do without immigration papers . he said his parents withheld his adoption record for years , so it was n't until 2012 that adam crapser submitted a green card application - which set in motion his path to a deportation hearing . adam crapser said he takes full responsibility for his crimes , but he has ' done his time ' and changed his life . ' america promised me a home , ' he wrote in his court declaration . ' i implore this country to keep its promise . if not for me then for my children , so they wo n't have to grow up without a dad . '