the city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy . it first became the capital of myanmar a decade ago , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon ( also known as rangoon ) with minimal explanation . since then , although developed to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents , it remains a relative ghost town . scroll down for video . myanmar 's newly-built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy , after the government decided to move the capital from yangon . built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city , which looks more like no man 's land than a booming metropolis , if they need to for work . the super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government suvs , though some report that the massive roads were also constructed as runways to accommodate the landings of military . official records state the population is just over 924,000 , though any photographs taken would beg to differ . the streets are barren , with just a handful of individuals spotted walking or cycling through the secluded capital at any given point during the day . the city was developed mostly for government staff , including residential zones to house employees in four-storey apartment blocks . despite a reported population of 924,000 , the city 's streets are barren and it 's rare to see more than a couple of people at any given time . the building of naypyidaw began in 2002 , with it location chosen in the middle of a jungle that had n't been lived in for more than 2,000 years . although some government workers moved to the new capital at the beginning of 2005 , many employees were separated from their families due to a lack of schools and other amenities . split into various zones , the city keeps the government ministries far from the military area and there is also a designated commercial zone and hotel zone , despite a lack of tourism in the region . burmese workers walk past the massive parliament building surrounded by high gates and empty 10 lane roads . a street sweeper cleans this empty super-sized highway in the seemingly secluded capital city by hand with a broom . the residential areas are carefully organised into 1,200 four-storey apartment blocks . the roofs of the buildings are colour-coded by the jobs of their inhabitants . despite the government-issued housing , many of the residents still live in slums . when it comes to recreational activities , there 's the beautiful uppatansanti pagoda , which is similar in size and shape to the shwedagon pagoda in yangon , as well as several parks and gardens , including a water fountain complex that hosts a musical light show each night . foreigners and investors are n't keen to visit the secluded city and foreign aid workers prefer to commute daily from yangon . but there are not many people around to enjoy the sights . reportedly , foreigners and investors are n't keen to visit , especially amid travel agent reports that the area may be ' dangerous , ' and foreign aid workers who have visited the city in an official capacity are apparently so spooked by the eerie emptiness that they prefer to commute in daily from yangon . despite the fact that the government set aside almost 5 acres of land each for foreign embassies and headquarters of un missions , only the bangladeshi embassy has moved to naypyidaw so far .