police in thailand opened fire on a car driven by an ' crazy ' american tourist after she drove the wrong way down a busy road and crashed into 13 vehicles , injuring two people . the 29-year-old woman , named by local media as samantha or amanda , was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car . after the smashed-up car came to a halt , officers broke the front passenger window of the white toyota innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door . the 29-year-old american tourist drove into oncoming traffic in thailand and crashed into 13 vehicles . officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door . the blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage , who hurled abuse and tried to attack the american . the bangkok post described how the woman played ' demolition derby ' through the streets of chon buri 's banglamung district , in a saga which began when she drove the wrong way down soi siam country club in east pattaya and clipped a motorbike . the driver did not stop - instead carrying on driving the wrong way down sukhumvit road , facing into traffic . as police pursued her the car hit 12 other vehicles . ' it was a crazy bit of driving , ' a police officer told the phuket wan tourism news . ' the american woman struck a motorcycle going the wrong side down the road then kept going . she turned a corner and kept hitting other vehicles , 13 at last count . ' the left side of the white white toyota innova was damaged by the ' demolition derby ' - the light was broken and the bonnet crushed . the blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage , who hurled abuse and tried to attack the american . a crowd formed around the vehicle that included a motorcyclist who was knocked off her bike during the wrecking spree . after police shot out three of the wheels on the car , a crowd formed around the vehicle that included a motorcyclist who was knocked off her bike during the wrecking spree . she was later taken to hospital suffering from injuries to her leg . the american tourist was given a ' hefty ' traffic fine and ordered to pay for all the damages caused to the vehicles and the medical expenses of the two injured people , according to the pattaya one . she later said she regretted her action and did n't stop for police because she panicked , added the website . thailand drive on the left hand side of the road , leading police to think the woman had become confused .