this week the world has been amazed by the story of a german pensioner who is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 . annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister . ' someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex . scroll down for video . sue tollefsen on today 's this morning where she revealed what it 's like being a mother to seven-year-old when she is now aged 64 . she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was aged 57 . now seven , freya has often asked her mother if she could have a brother or sister and as a result , sue revealed that she did consider it . ' freya went through a period of wanting a sibling and i looked into fertility treatment to have another child but because i 've had health issues i decided not to push my luck , ' she said on today 's this morning . the retired special needs teacher said ' in a way ' she thinks annegret is ' selfish ' for having more babies at her age - despite leaving motherhood till late in life herself . she said : ' she has 13 children already , in my case i had n't had any . but if she has thought about it and weighed up the positive and negative and said `` this is the right thing for me '' then that 's her decision . i do n't sit in judgement of anyone else . ' now aged 64 , sue told presenters phillip schofield and amanda holden that she never intended to leave parenthood so late . sue , left , became pregnant thanks to ivf when she was 57 . annegret raunigk , right , is expecting at 65 . but after her father passed away , she became a carer for her poorly mother until her death in 2002 , while juggling her challenging job . ' i had other things in my life , looking after my mum and having a responsible job , i did n't think i could handle being mum then , ' she explained . ' i always hoped when i was younger i would have a child but thought i had missed boat . ' then sue met nick , a warehouse manager , when she was 51 and he was 11 years her junior . she warned him she was menopausal and they would be unlikely to start a family together . but after researching fertility treatments , they were able to conceive on their third ivf attempt after getting a donor egg fertilised with nick 's sperm and implanted in sue 's womb . sue was delighted when daughter freya was born although she admits she now wishes she could have had her sooner . she said : ' i do n't regret having her but i do regret not having her when i was younger . ' the journey i have taken with her over the last seven years has been fantastic but what saddens me sometimes is when i look at her and look at myself i wonder how much time i have left with her . ' i 'm hoping i can make 80 when she 'll be 22 . ' sue pictured with daughter freya in 2012 . she now wishes she could have had her when she was younger . sue is now a single parent after splitting up with nick amicably in 2010 . she said the pressures of being new parents took its toll on their relationship . ' we grew apart because when you have a child your focus is on the child 24/7 . the partner may feel pushed out or carries on living their own life as before , while you do n't . my life took totally different turn . ' as a result of her experience , sue believes the cut-off for ivf treatment should be age 60 . following sue 's appearance on the show , this morning asked viewers to phone in with their views on older parents . brenda called into urge older parents to reassure their children about their health . she said her mother had her when she was in her fifties - and so was the same age as her friends ' grandparents . she said throughout her childhood she felt terrified that her mother was going to die . meanwhile rachel , who has had six children between the ages of 18 and 40 , said she 's noticed a difference in her energy levels since having her youngest child at an older age . ' it 's hard work , i do n't know how women in their fifties cope , ' she said . but another caller , andrea , who had her fourth baby at the age of 41 , said she 's fitter and healthier now than when she had her first baby in her 20s .  