a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a transgender escort who was found strangled and beaten last month . vanessa santillan 's body was found in a £400,000 flat in fulham , south west london , at the end of march . the 33-year-old mexican national , who worked as a transgender escort , died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . vanessa santillan , 33 , was killed at the end of march . her body was found in a flat in fulham having been strangled and beaten to death . a 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed . he has been told to return to a london police station for further questioning at a later date . meanwhile scotland yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with miss santillan in the hours before her death . according to her website miss santillan worked in london , paris and miami as an escort . police did not confirm whether her profession was central to the investigation but insisted they would do ' everything ' to solve the case . london ambulance service was called to a flat in romily court , fulham , on march 28 at around 9.30pm . miss santillan was pronounced dead at the scene having suffered injuries to her head and neck . the woman had been working as a transgender escort , her website revealed . miss santillan is understood to have moved to london from mexico . the woman , who described herself as visiting london from miami , was pronounced dead at the scene last month . miss santillan spoke of her love for london and paris online in the weeks before her death . police are urging anyone who had contact with her in the hours before her death to come forward . detective chief inspector rebecca reeves , who leads the investigation , said : ' we want to speak to anyone who saw vanessa on friday or saturday . ' we need to know why this has happened and we want help from anyone who knew her while she was in london . ' in the weeks before her death miss santillan took to social media to talk of her love for london . on her website she described herself as visiting from miami in search of ' upscale ' gentlemen . miss santillan 's body was found when london ambulance service was called to an address in fulham , south west london .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .