a ' monster ' pedophile , 70 , who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on thursday . jackson county chief circuit judge thomas wilson told ' monster ' james tingley of michigan ' the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet . ' wilson continued by saying he thinks locking tingley up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison ' is worth every penny . ' scroll down for video . molested seven chuldren : james tingley watches during his sentencing of 25 to 50 years in prison on criminal sexual conduct charges on thui . ' children will be a lot safer . they wo n't have to go through the victimization that the victims went through here , ' wilson told tingley . ' mr . tingley , basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children . ' mlive reports that james tingley was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . his crimes span a period of 50 years . during tingley 's hearing , assistant prosecutor jennifer walker told the court that police know of at least five other girls tingley abused but they believe there may be more . ' the defendant , he has called himself `` jim '' , he has called himself `` uncle jim '' but i would call him a monster and a pedophile , ' walker said . repeat offender : james tingley , pictured on thursday in court , sexually abused at least seven girls , investigators said . ' the defendant has stolen the souls , or parts of the souls , of these children . he 's used them to meet all of his sexual needs . ... he 's been violent with them , with others he 's treated them as a girlfriend and he 's wanted them to be his wife . ... it 's disgusting , ' walker added . timgley 's attorney eric white told the court that tingley still claims he is innocent . white added that tingley 's health is declining and that it 's unlikely he 'll live past his first parole date which is when he turns 96 . tingley did not wish to say anything to the court . prosecutor jerry jarzynka said he thought tingley received a fair sentence for his cruel actions . ' certainly when it comes to cases of criminal sexual conduct with minors we appreciate the judge handing out a stiff sentence and ultimately we want to protect our kids , ' jarzynka said . mlive reports that tingley 's perverted accomplice randy stevens , 45 , was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury for ' allowing tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults . ' this is not the first time stevens has been accused of aiding in child abuse . stevens , a father of 14 , pleaded guilty to second-degree child abuse and a judge sentenced him six to 10 years in prison last year . mlive reports that last year 's conviction was related to stevens letting his children visit another sex offender , geoffrey friant , who is now serving 30 to 80 years behind bars . stevens will be sentenced on april 16 . both he and his wife , bobbi jo stevens , have lost their parental rights to their children . 