football-mad logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when accidentally drowned . a british schoolboy has drowned in a swimming pool on the last day of a family holiday in lanzarote . football-mad logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an ' accidental drowning ' . emergency services dashed to the pool on saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing cpr on logan , they were unable to save him . a spokesperson for the guardia civil said : ' emergency services were called to the scene at 14.30 and tried in vain to revive him using cpr . ' every indication is the cause of death was accidental drowning . ' logan was on holiday in costa teguise on the eastern side of island - a busy tourist spot which is known for its beaches . tributes have been paid to the youngster who was a pupil at bishop challoner catholic college in kings heath , birmingham . head teacher kevin mcevoy said : ' we were very saddened to hear the news about a much-loved and valued young student . ' logan was fully involved in the daily life of the school and in after school activities . ' he was highly regarded as an excellent young footballer who represented the school with distinction . ' as a school , we are providing support for children and staff , working in liaison with birmingham educational psychology service . ' we are in close contact with logan 's relatives and our thoughts and prayers are for logan and his family at this sad time . ' ' we are in close contact with logan 's relatives and our thoughts and prayers are for logan and his family at this sad time . ' logan also played as an centre-half for birmingham city football club’s under 13s . the club has expressed its dismay at the young man’s death . the bcfc’s trust director dean holtham was quoted by the birmingham mail as saying the group was ‘ deeply saddened’ to learn of logan’s death . he described the teenager as a smashing lad and a valued member of the junior blue’s under 13s . the trust , which works to develop young talent , rather than the club 's youth academy plans to call off its league games this weekend as a mark of respect . friends and loved ones have also left emotional tributes to logan on his facebook page . friends left tribute to logan on his facebook wall , one said ' miss you logan and that cheeky smile you always had , words ca n't describe how i 'm feeling ' . kane avfc mcmahon wrote : ' rest in paradise logan , ca n't believe you 're gone . ' football wo n't be the same without you . too young to be taken away , it does n't feel real . ' you were a real talent . we had the best memories and laughs . sitting here asking myself ' why you ? ' ' i hope your up there watching down on me bro , rip logan . ' felicia chelsea coomber added : ' rip logan . i 'm gon na miss you , sleep tight logan kehoe . ' amy porter wrote : ' rest in paradise logan kehoe , too young to be taken away from us all , gone but never forgotten . ' gon na ( sic ) miss you logan and that cheeky smile you always had , words ca n't describe how i 'm feeling . r.i.p xxx ' . the foreign office confirmed it was offering help to logan 's family . ' we are aware of the death of a british national in lanzarote and we are offering consular assistance , ' a spokesman said . costa teguise : logan was enjoying the end of his holiday in the canary islands and would have returned to school for the start of the summer term today . 