he 's the latest person to travel to a galaxy far , far away . and on sunday director gareth edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about rogue one , the first of the standalone star wars films , at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california . at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film , rogue one # rogueone . ' scroll down for video ... first look : director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , on sunday . special : fans at a star wars convention in california were treated to one last surprise before the event closed . sneak peek : a preview from a star wars anthology film , rogue one was screene . expanding the universe far , far , away : in rogue one ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans ' . 18 months away : the film has not yet begun shooting so it 's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie . one attendee managed to capture the preview of rogue one on their cellphone before uploading it youtube . following the release of the trailer to star wars vii , disney 's share price rocketed with more than $ us2 billion added to the company 's value . star wars has attracted generations of loyal fans ever since the first film arrived nearly 40 years ago , creating a signature moment in the history of popular culture and launching one of the biggest movie franchises ever . after a second trilogy of prequel films wrapped in 2005 , the movie franchise had lain dormant until disney shelled out $ us4 billion to buy creator lucas’s lucasfilm in october 2012 . disney soon announced plans for three new films in the series , with acclaimed hollywood director j.j. abrams being entrusted with the reboot . the force isn’t just returning to the big screen , it 's also reappearing in video games too . star wars battlefront which was first teased at the electronic entertainment expo in 2013 , marks the first title in a 10-year deal between the walt disney co. and electronic arts inc. to create new games . ' for more than 1,000 generations , the jedi knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic . before the dark times . before the empire , ' the voiceover reads , as the camera tracks to show a ghostly death star hovering in the clouds . set between the third and the fourth movies in the ' star wars ' saga , the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans and ' bring a new hope , ' referring to the subtitle of the original ' star wars . ' gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing concept reel to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ' star wars ' saga . gareth is due to start work on the spin-off , starring felicity jones as a rebel fighter , this summer for a december 2016 release . aside from the storyline , he also unveiled art and a brief sizzle reel for an audience of excited fans at the fourth and final day of the event at the anaheim convention centre.. . gareth was joined onstage by lucasfilm president kathleen kennedy and head of development kiri hart who explained : ' we really wanted freedom to do some films that could stand on their own , and tell new stories . ' she added that they are describing them as ' anthology films ' that expand the star wars universe without necessarily using the main characters . joing the star wars characters : gareth , pictured at the godzilla premiere in beijing last june , will start work on rogue one this summer for a december 2016 release . more to come : the star wars website released this twitter describing the storyline for the film , which is described as an anthology movie adding to the star wars universe . glamour girl : felicity jones , pictured at the oscars in february , will star in rogue one . according to gareth , rogue one is set after star wars : episode iii - revenge of the sith and before the original star wars , which became episode iv when george lucas created the three prequels . gareth said rogue one wo n't have clear-cut villains and heroes , according to the hollywood reporter . and the crowd laughed when he joked about the content , saying : ' it 's called star wars , ' putting heavy emphasis on the last word . 'it’s about the fact that god’s not coming to save us , and we’re on our own . the absence of the jedi is omnipresent in the film . it hangs over the whole movie , ' he added . felicity jones , who recently garnered an oscar nomination for her role in ' the theory of everything ' is the only confirmed cast member for the film , which will shoot in london this summer for a december 2016 release . edwards said that her character will not just be a stoic soldier , but a complex , fully rounded human . ' we wanted to see fear , warmth , all of those aspects that everybody has , ' he said , excited that jones embodies ' the complete package . ' in the world of ' rogue one , ' edwards said the ' absence of jedi is omnipresent . ' lucasfilm president kathleen kennedy appears on the cantina set at star wars celebration : the ultimate fan experience held in anaheim last week . the characters in the film realize that the ' gods are not coming to save us , ' he said . ' it comes down to a group of people who do n't have magical powers who band together to bring hope to the galaxy . ' ' cinderella ' scribe chis weitz wrote the screenplay based on an idea from visual effects supervisor john knoll . josh trank , who is set to direct the next , still untitled ' star wars ' anthology film , did not attend the event although he was originally scheduled to appear . the idea for the film came from award-winning visual effects artist john knoll , who pitched the idea internally before bringing it to kathleen kennedy and lucasfilm 's kiri hart . hart , vice president of development for lucasfilm , said that the anthology films will vary in ' scale and genre . ' she added that they are describing them as ' anthology films ' that expand the star wars universe without necessarily using the main characters . ' we wanted freedom to do some films that would be able to stand on their own and tell unique stories , ' she said . ' they can still feel like `star wars ' and be `star wars . ' meanwhile , it was revealed that the trailer for star wars : episode vii - the force awakens , which debuted at the event on thursday , was viewed 88 million times worldwide in the first 24 hours . directed by jj abrams , the movie opens in the us on december 18 . 