for chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks . this is what the new south wales leukaemia patient must pay for a new drug treatment that is keeping him alive . the 35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . it 's for this reason that his ' my name is chris ' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it ca n't be distributed on the current pharmaceutical benefits scheme ( pbs ) . scroll down for video . the brugger family ( from left to right : tomas , naomi , liam and chris ) attended a senate inquiry on monday in canberra . chris relaxs at the kinghorn cancer centre as he receives his first dose of brentuximab in january . the 35-year-old has had no shortage of support from his friends during his treatment . he 's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to sydney for medical treatment . his family argue that it also reinforces why it is essential to get hodgkin 's lymphoma treatment , brentuximab vedotin , on the pbs . ' my name is chris ' was launched in mid-january following confirmation of chris 's relapse in december , and it has made a huge difference , ' chris 's wife naomi told daily mail australia . ' words ca n't describe ! without the campaign , we simply would not be able to afford to access brentuximab . the brugger family are hoping that the new treatment will mean there are happier times ahead . chris and his son tomas share a hug in hospital in december after chris hears the devastating news he had relapsed .  chris and his one-year-old son liam enjoy some time out together . ' mentally it has also had a huge impact on chris , he literally thought he was going to die in december , by the end of january he was feeling well , and inspired to fight harder than ever before . ' some of the fundraising that has taken place and donations given to the campaign have hugely raised his spirits too , with people 's generosity taking him aback . ' individually we had a $ 5,000 anonymous donation , ' chris told daily mail australia . ' over easter we held the festival of chris which raised $ 15,000 as well as an event ' celebrazione ' at de bortoli wines bulbil where we operated the bbq and gate , collecting $ 3425.40 . a hospital bill shows the $ 16,000 cost of chris's brentuximab vedotin treatment . it 's not just adults that have been helping - kids also proudly wear ' my name is chris ' t-shirts that have been purchased . ' de bortoli wines matched that , meaning we raised $ 6850.80 - so in two days we raised close to $ 22,000 . ' one donation in particular stood out for chris and showed humanity at its best . it took place in march when chris was at a fishing event - the bidgee classic selling merchandise for the ' my name is chris ' campaign . ' a young boy , maybe 8 or 9 years old was talking to him and said his grandma had passed away from cancer , ' chris explains . ' he then disappeared and came back with a handful of coins - he donated all that he had to help . ' this was extremely moving and quite emotional . ' a cricket bat signed by all the australian team was just one item that was auctioned to help raise money for chris 's treatment . chris has been humbled by the generosity that has been shown to him in recent months . it 's been a taxing time for chris , his wife naomi , 32 , and his two young sons tomas , 4 , and liam , 1 , but they remain positive that thanks to his treatment they will still share many happy years together . ' the immediate future is all about survival and raising the profile of my name is chris in order to educate others about cancer , medications , their options and taking their health into their own hands , ' naomi says . ' beyond that , chris hopes the future is bright . brentuximab is working which means he will be around for a good while yet to enjoy being a dad to liam and tomas and take back his life . a shannon noll signed shirt was overwhelmingly popular at a recent auction for the cause . chris 's treatment at the kinghorn cancer centre has been going well . ' it 's important to remember cancer is a word , not a sentence . ' 9 news also reports that naomi told a senate inquiry on monday of the family 's initial distress when trying to raise the sum for each dose of the new drug treatment . ' it 's been hard going , i 've been away from the boys , ' she told the inquiry hearing in canberra . a penrith panthers jersey signed by all the team also generated plenty of interest at auction . ' they 're not only missing out on dad , they 're missing out on mum who 's trying to keep dad alive . ' naomi told the hearing about the death of two other patients in december because they could not get affordable access to the drugs . the most concerning issue was the time it took for drug treatments to get approved for subsidies from the government regulator .    