anything to declare . by john frost . ( constable £8.99 ) stopped by customs officers , oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius . other passengers , as jon frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden . john frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’ ( stock image ) . during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ‘ to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you’ as they attempt to smuggle in snakes , bush meat ( zebra , lion , gorilla ) , combs that double as flick-knives , a monkey sewn into the lining of a coat , another monkey ‘ disguised as a hairy child’ , corpses ‘ propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses’ and a box of dry ice containing a man’s buttock , apparently sliced off by a samurai sword . hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ‘ anyone who had trouble sitting down’ . as they riffle through travellers’ bags , frost and his team frequently detect drugs : socks impregnated with heroin , cannabis resin in shoes , soup cans or barrels of bitumen . drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters , aa batteries that unscrew to reveal a stash inside and shaving cream aerosols cleverly made to still squirt real foam out of the top . once , frost found a pack of 12 brightly coloured lipsticks , ‘ where every lipstick was actually moulded from cocaine paste . very clever’ . the cardboard lining of suitcases or sports bags , originating in amsterdam , often contained 20 compressed sheets of lsd tabs , worth £10,000 on the street . to deter the customs inspections , smugglers sometimes litter their luggage with hypodermic needles or razor blades . what frost looks out for are people whose passports show frequent trips being made to drug-source countries . flights paid for in bundles of cash can be suspicious . also don’t stroll around too flashily dressed : ‘ it is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong , ’ he says . it’s amazing how many drug-dealers try to behave like drug-dealers in a film . by and large , the customs officers would sooner ‘ nab some nob on a private plane who thinks it allows him to sneak in a suitcase of cocaine than some kid from the netherlands with a spliff in his sock’ — though don’t let that make you feel over-confident . one of the hallmarks of a tip-top inspector is that he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’ — and no wonder . they are always confronting nuns smuggling in gin disguised as litre bottles of holy water — ‘ another miracle ! ’ the worst part of the job , however , is the strip-search . ‘ every single hiding place and hole in the human body has , at one time , been used by smugglers . ’ frost has to snap on his marigolds and wait for the ‘swallowers’ and ‘stuffers’ to void condoms filled with drugs into the lavatory pan . ‘ it becomes a waiting game , ’ he says , philosophically . yet such criminals are easy to spot . ‘ you try walking normally with half-a-kilo of drugs up your jacksy . ’ there’s me thinking everyone arriving from south america had piles . it is not only narcotics , of course . frost’s job is to detect and confiscate weapons , child porn videos , pirated medicines and counterfeit art . he has seen mobile phones containing tiny pistols and stun guns , and straw camels and donkeys from spain and tunisia crammed with used hospital bandages . he has to collect the duty due on imported diamonds , fur coats and rolex watches . contraband is destroyed , valuables handed to the crown and booze poured away . ‘ the airport drains probably had the only alcoholic rats in the country . ’ on one occasion , frost had to board a hercules aircraft from nigeria , where a rat the size of a shetland pony had been glimpsed in the hold . though the police went in with their heckler & koch mp5 automatic rifles , it was frost who did the deed , bashing the monster with a b & q garden spade . as ‘ death by rabies is a nasty way to go’ , our quarantine rules are strict . frost also says that they look out for those strolling through the airport in flashy clothing , because he says ‘ it is better to look scruffily right than too smartly wrong ' . frost often has to do battle with rich folks in private gulfstream jets who think their pets are exempt — one lot even had the gall to suggest they were on their way to balmoral to shoot grouse with the queen . if their dog mixed with the corgis , frost patiently explained , then the corgis also would have to be destroyed . . . horses , incidentally , are tricky animals to ship . they get so nervous and frightened , it is not unknown for them to bite their trainer’s fingers clean off at the knuckle . corpses aren’t given much peace , either . did you know that if you croak abroad , it can cost £4,500 to repatriate the body , which has to be embalmed and secured in a zinc coffin ? ( hence the wheelchair and sunglasses gambit — cheaper . ) as coffins are ‘ a good vehicle for contraband importation’ , these have to be rigorously searched — a ghoulish task , especially if the deceased’s arm shoots up and its wig falls off . and it is also not unknown for stowaways in the hold to be crushed by the retracting undercarriage — and to drop onto the runway at stansted several hours later as a block of ice . no wonder , to ease the tension , customs officers play wicked pranks on each other . ‘ never fly into the airport where you also work’ is the strong advice . otherwise , you can come back from tenerife and your luggage will have been replaced on the carousel with concrete blocks . eventually , frost was upgraded from the rubber gloves to work in undercover surveillance . this meant the painstaking study of airline computer systems , which give details of ticket payments and full details of a passenger’s travel . ( privacy and freedom of movement ? forget it . they know where we are , where we’ve been and where we are all going . ) the customs investigation division , which follows international drugs cartels and involves ‘ info gathering and smuggling ops’ , is based in a georgian building near tower bridge , built in the days of old-fashioned pirates and ships flying the jolly roger flag . here , frost had to serve alongside mi5 and mi6 . the doings of the serious organised crime agency sound like the plot of a guy ritchie movie — with traces of breaking bad thrown in . further jaunty volumes of reminiscence are promised .