the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin on saturday night , to further expose the vast gulf in clout between the aviva premiership clubs and their rich french rivals . this was a brutal mismatch and a shattering result , not just for the ambitious saints but for the english game as a whole . jim mallinder’s men are imperious in domestic rugby — leading the league by 10 points — but they were simply obliterated by the formidable top 14 giants . clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena . even in the brief moments when the saints had the temerity to work up a head of steam and go through the phases , they were pounded back in the tackle and turned over time and time again . clermont winger noa nakaitaci ( right ) scores his second try against northampton . what unfolded was one-way carnage . france wing noa nakaitaci scoring two tries before half-time and nick abendanon , the ex-bath and england full-back , capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out . all the while , brock james kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking . aside from the misery of being dumped out of the champions cup in such emphatic fashion , the concern for the saints will be that this grim rout critically damages their confidence at a key stage of the season . for northampton and england , there may also be worries over two leading forwards , as courtney lawes failed to reappear after half-time and alex corbisiero went off , apparently suffering pain in his right knee . nick abendanon of clermont dives over to score a try at the stade marcel-michelin . it was over as a contest long before half-time . there was a pronounced intensity deficit between the sides from the off , with northampton losing the collisions and appearing somewhat sluggish in contrast to their fired up and energetic opponents . the procession began in the fifth minute when the saints conceded an early scrum penalty . james landed his first shot at goal and the hosts were on their way . there was so much pressure from clermont that it was just a matter of time before the northampton defence was breached . sure enough , the first try came in the 13th minute , as fritz lee blasted clear from a lineout on the right and he released wesley fofana . abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory . the france centre was tackled in the 22 by lee dickson , but the attack continued at a furious tempo and , when nakaitaci carved inside off his left foot , he was half stopped , but managed to climb up off the turf , stretch and touch down . the try was confirmed by the tmo and converted by james . it didn’t help the saints’ already bleak cause that they missed their first scoring chance . after courtney lawes had pinched a clermont lineout throw , the visitors won a penalty but stephen myler was off target with the kick . james landed another penalty , then came the two-try barrage which buried northampton’s hopes of a famous result . at the heart of the onslaught was abendanon . first , his break laid the platform for fofana to burst deep into enemy territory and after napolioni nalaga was tackled short of the line , the ball was switched right and james’ lofted pass sent nakaitaci over for his second try . northampton captain dylan hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat . james converted from a wide angle then two minutes before the break , the blitz continued . jonathan davies made ground in the centre , fofana picked out abendanon and he raced into space , drew the last defender and passed back inside for the home no 12 to charge clear and touch down . once again , james added the extras and the saints were sunk . after the break , james struck another penalty before abendanon made his long-range dash to the line in the 55th minute , for another converted try . eventually , with julien bonnaire in the sin-bin , alex waller crashed over to give northampton something to show for all their desperate toil , but it was far too little , far too late . the horse had bolted . the game was up . 