another 19 kids and counting star is one step closer to saying ' i do ' . josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson , who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together . and just like several of his siblings before him , as the two embark on the path towards a potential marriage , josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family’s incredibly strict courting rules , which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates , with ‘ side hugs’ the only permitted form of physical contact . ' i met marjorie a few years ago , when i was taking spanish lessons at her house and i was very impressed with the way she was with her siblings and her love for the lord , ' josiah told people . scroll down the video . future wedding bells ? josiah duggar , pictured , is the latest 19 kids and counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship . the teens ' courtship officially began on april 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david , her first child with her 26-year-old husband derick dillard . per the duggar family 's rules of courtship , hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day . while josiah has known marjorie for a number of years , he explained that he first started thinking about her in a romantic way when they both went on a mission trip to el salvador in december . ' she really caught my eye , ’ he said . ' that is really where i noticed her . ' josiah , who works at his father jim bob 's construction company , noted that their courtship has been ' going very well ' . and marjorie also hails from a big family . the teen , who was born to greg and analucia jackson , is one of five girls . special day : the 18-year-old , who can be see with his parents michelle and jim bob , revealed that he officially started courting 17-year-old marjorie jackson on april 6 - the same day his sister jill gave birth . love story : josiah met marjorie a few years ago when he was talking special classes at her house . she admitted to ' liking ' josiah since she met him in spanish class a few years ago . ' for me it was an immediate thing , ' she told people . ' i have always admired him and his family . ' interestingly , when the duggars recently weighed in on who would be the next family member walk down the aisle , the 18-year-old was not mentioned . josiah and marjorie 's budding relationship will likely be chronicled on his family 's reality series , just like his sisters jill and jessa were filmed getting to know their now husbands . the news of josiah 's courtship with marjorie is just one of the duggar family 's major announcements in the past year . jessa , 22 , and her husband ben seewald , 19 , revealed that they were engaged in august with the two saying ' i do ' in november . big day : derick dillard and jill duggar welcomed their son israel david into the world on april 6 - the same day josiah officially started courting marjorie . unexpected changes : this snapshot of derick in scrubs led to speculation that his wife had to have a cesarean sections . meanwhile , jill and derrick announced in august that they were expecting their first child - just two months after they walked down the aisle . their son israel was born weighing 9lbs10 two weeks past his due date on april 6 . last week , a snapshot of derick wearing scrubs shortly after the birth sparked speculation that jill , who is a trainee midwife , may have undergone a cesarean section . while the family admitted that ' not everything went as expected ' , fans will have to wait until may 5 to watch the momentous occasion on the tlc reality show . yesterday , derick posed next to his wife for an adorable post-baby photo he shared his instagram account . ' as jill and i are settling in back at home after the birth of our firstborn , we wanted to thank everyone for the amazing support we 've received from so many during this time , ' he wrote . special thanks : derick and jill posed for this adorable snapshot post-baby to show their gratitude for their family and fans .