a pair of british expats say they are ‘trapped’ in southern spain amid an ongoing legal battle with the local town hall over a luxury bed and breakfast they once operated . patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property where they currently reside in jimena de la frontera , but it is now on the brink of being torn down . the retired couple told spain’s olive press news website that they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner . patrick and valerie jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall over alterations made by a previous owner . the jubbs purchased the bed and breakfast in jimena de la frontera , in southern spain , in 2008 . patrick , 64 , told the news website : ‘ we are in absolute pieces over this . ‘ all we want is to go back to the uk to be with our family and friends , but we can’t . all our money is tied up in the property . ’ patrick , a former engineer from london , and his 63-year-old wife , valerie , bought the bed and breakfast , la vina de linan , in 2008 and closed it a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it . they said they had a deal in place to sell the estate for €680,000 , but the town hall ruled that the first floor , kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994 . the jubbs said they obtained a certificate that stated there were no infractions when they bought the estate . when the jubbs tried to sell the town hall ruled that the alterations , including a swimming pool , were illegal . the jubbs told the olive press that the junta provided a certificate stating there were no planning infractions when they bought the property , and that the alterations were legalised by land registry officials in 2005 – three years before they acquired the estate . in most situations the local authority loses the right to demolish a house that has been illegally altered if it fails to detect the alterations within four years . but in the case of the jubbs the usual rule does not apply because the property is located inside los alcornocales natural park in the andalusian province of cadiz . patrick and valerie jubb are planning to move back to the uk , but said their money is tied up in the property . patrick said the alterations never should have been approved in the first place . online adverts still list the jubbs’ property for sale , with a guide price of €875,000 . with a sparkling rating on tripadvisor , it is marketed as a secluded and private property with panoramic mountain views . it is located just 25 minutes from gibraltar and 90 minutes from malaga airport . the home boasts four en-suite bedrooms , a large sitting room with a fireplace , a dining room and terraces .