lionel messi has issued an ominous warning to his opponents with the four-time ballon d'or winner declaring he is back to his best after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014 . a string of injuries limited messi 's involvement as the catalan giants lost the la liga title to atletico madrid , the same rivals who knocked them out of the champions league in the quarter-finals . messi 's misfortune saw the ballon d'or go to cristiano ronaldo for the second consecutive year while there was also the matter of a tax investigation that carried a potential jail term . now though , messi 's turned the tide - barca are top of the league , his personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games and paris saint-germain await in the first leg of their champions league quarter final on wednesday . lionel messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama . the argentine maestro celebrates his goal against sevilla , his 399th for barcelona . ' i am happy . the truth is that i started the season in another way after what happened to me last year , ' he said in an interview with barcelona 's club website . ' i was inconsistent last season . i was out for a while due to injury , missing quite a few games . when i came back i did n't feel right . it was a year that i have tried to quickly forget to try and get back to my best through hard work , smiling and effort , like i always have and now , fortunately , i feel very good . ' messi says he is keen to ' get back to my best through hard work , smiling and effort , like i always have ' . barca top of the league and his personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games ahead of psg on wednesday . with his breathtaking 2015 form already bringing 34 goals in la liga and eight in the champions league , messi will hit the 400 mark for barcelona should be find the net in paris . being fit again has been key for messi , but he also says his forward combination with new team-mates luis suarez and neymar have been a calming influence . ' barcelona have always had great forwards , not just now with neymar and luis . but it 's true that we are taking advantage of them because they are both great world stars . they give us another thing than goals , so in that sense , i 'm calm , ' he said .