back in january 2012 chelsea took three promising young boys , all brothers , from their home in graham gardens , luton , after watching them beat the mighty bayern munich in a youth tournament . there was a bit of a fuss made of the move at the time , with brothers jay , plus twins cole and rio , compared with the trio of wallace siblings who created history when they played together in a first-team game for southampton against sheffield wednesday on october 22 , 1988 . on wednesday , jay dasilva , the eldest of the three children , who left luton town’s academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week , in their mum alison’s rover to chelsea’s cobham training base , turns 17 . he is earmarked first team potential . chelsea 's kids have been buoyed by jose mourinho 's insistence on promoting young players at the club . dominic solanke ( right ) celebrates scoring in the fa youth cup final first leg victory over manchester city . in an environment where the competition is fierce and the temptation is to spend big in the transfer market , jose mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of chelsea’s youngsters next season . ruben loftus-cheek , a powerful , muscular presence in chelsea’s development teams , will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season . those with an intimate knowledge of jay dasilva’s progress at chelsea over the past three seasons believe this first-year scholar is not far behind . a week ago dasilva returned to the national conscience when ian wright claimed he was ‘ better than any other premier league left back’ after chelsea became uefa youth champions in switzerland . among a group of players that includes leighton baines , kieran gibbs and luke shaw , at england level alone , plus chelsea’s first-choice left back cesar azpilicueta , it was certainly an audacious claim by the former arsenal striker . john terry is the last player to come through chelsea 's youth ranks and become a first-team regular . terry broke into the chelsea team in 1999 , but the club has been unable to unearth a stellar talent since . he moved through the junior teams at pace , settling at left back after spells as a winger , and is one of the most level-headed young players at the club . at his old school in luton , he was head boy . when he travelled to paphos , cyprus , for a european championship qualifier with england last october , he revealed that one of his motivations was to stay ahead of his kid brothers in the family pecking order . ‘ they keep me on my toes and they’re after me , so i need to keep working hard to stay ahead of them , ’ he admitted . ‘it’s great to have all three of us at chelsea . we have played together since we were young , so hopefully that will happen at senior level one day . ’ they are a remarkable football family , with dad trevor well known in the parks game in luton . his eldest son ryan was a professional with luton . jay dasilva is a promising young player on the blues ' books , along with two of his brothers . the young left back is forging a bright reputation for himself and was recently hailed as a star by ian wright . dasilva beats norwich 's reece hall-johnson to the ball during a premier league international cup match . last week he was in nyon , switzerland , joining in with his team-mates when they poured a bucket of ice over their coach adrian viveash as chelsea’s under 19 team celebrated becoming uefa youth league champions . at the time of the final , which chelsea won 3-2 against shakhtar donetsk , after beating roma 4-0 in the semi-final , the defender was playing three years up on his age group . he is a big talent . on monday evening he returned to chelsea’s under 18 side , playing left back as they won the first leg of the youth cup final against manchester city at the etihad campus 3-1 . last year , when he had only just turned 16 , the academy scholar scored in the thrilling 7-6 aggregate victory in the fa youth cup triumph over fulham . despite the progress of dasilva , along with many other young players in chelsea’s lavish academy system , there is a good deal of scepticism about their chances of making the first team . two years ago nathaniel chalobah was regarded among the most talented teenagers in the country when he spent a season on loan with watford in the championship . mourinho , who was about to quit real madrid to return to chelsea , was compelled to make a flying visit to england to watch chalobah in the championship play-off final against crystal palace in 2013 . ruben loftus-cheek has been guaranteed a chance to make his mark in the chelsea first-team squad . but nathaniel chalobah ( centre ) shows that chelsea 's young players must take their chance when it comes . chalobah was the big hope at chelsea 's academy , but he did not shine when mourinho made a special trip to watch him when he played for watford in the championship play-off final ( right ) . now he is on loan at reading . on the big day chalobah disappointed , missing an opportunity to make an impression on the incoming chelsea manager before his return to english football had been officially confirmed . chalobah had been the big hope in academy circles , the one player chelsea’s academy director neil bath hoped could break the run , stretching back to 1999 , since a youth-team graduate became a first-team regular . they need no reminders that man was captain john terry . still , it is also something of a myth that mourinho will not give youth a chance because he won the 2004 champions league final with porto by playing three players from the club’s academy system . goalkeeper vitor baia , central defender ricardo carvalho and his partner at the back jorge costa had all progressed through the youth ranks at estadio do dragao . the challenge for dasilva next season , when he becomes a second-year scholar , is to prove to the manager that he can take his chance during impromptu training sessions with the first team . azpilicueta and filipe luis are the established left backs in the squad , fighting it out for a starting position each week in chelsea’s first team . as every player at chelsea soon discovers , they can not be around forever . 