liverpool winger raheem sterling is no stranger to the back pages , but he hit the headlines again for all the wrong reasons on sunday after he was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe . in a photograph revealed by the sunday mirror , the 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe – containing fruit-scented tobacco and smoked through hot coals via a tube – in a picture published in the sunday mirror . sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield amid fears he could leave the club this summer . liverpool midfielder raheem sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . the 20-year-old ( second right ) recently snubbed a £100,000-a-week contract offer from the merseyside club . the england international ( right ) played in the red 's fa cup quarter final win over blackburn on wednesday . sterling , who has 14 caps for england , was snapped on a social media site with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’ , suggesting there was more puffing in store for the youngster that night . it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes . having already irked certain reds fans for refusing to dedicate his immediate future to brendan rodgers’ team after being offered the improved contract offer , he could again cut an unpopular figure for putting his health at risk during the merseysiders’ run in to fight for a top four place in the premier league . sterling ( second right ) attended the launch of the 2015-16 liverpool kit at anfield on friday afternoon . there was a large turnout for the launch of the new kit , which will be worn throughout the 2015-16 season . on the the british heart foundation website it clearly states : ‘ like cigarettes [ shisha ] contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' however sterling is not the first england international to be caught indulging himself in the increasingly popular fad . jack wilshere became embroiled in his third smoking controversy in 15 months after a picture emerged of the arsenal midfielder holding a shisha pipe at a nightclub in february . the 23-year-old was recovering from ankle surgery after sustaining an injury during a defeat by manchester united in november last year . choosing to keep his disciplinary plans private at the time of wilshere 's misdemeanour , gunners boss arsene wenger was clear about his views on players that choose inhale potentially harmful substances . england and arsenal midfielder jack wilshere ( right ) was involved in a smoking controversy back in february . ' i disagree completely with that behaviour , ' the frenchman said . ' when you 're a football player you are an example and as well you do n't do what damages your health . ' when you go out socially [ and smoke ] you as well damage your reputation as an example . ' depending on the result in the manchester derby on sunday afternoon , sterling and his liverpool team-mates could close the gap between themselves and fourth placed manchester city to four points if the blues fall to their local rivals and if they defeat newcastle on monday .