jordan spieth has hailed the ' most incredible week ' of his life after becoming the second youngest masters winner of all time and the first start-to-finish winner at augusta in 39 years . spieth held his nerve in sunday 's final round to keep control of the season 's first major championship , matching tiger woods ' record of an 18-under 270 and finishing four shots clear of the field . speaking in butler cabin as he prepared to receive his green jacket , the 21-year-old admitted that despite never giving up the lead , he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions in the form of phil mickelson and justin rose . jordan spieth has hailed the ' most incredible week ' of his life after winning the masters at augusta . spieth poses in his green jacket having held his nerve in sunday 's final round in a start-to-finish victory . ' it was very nerve-racking today , ' spieth said . ' i thought today might be a little easier than yesterday having played a round with the lead but it was n't . i did n't sleep well last night , just got out here and got in a bit of rhythm and we were off . with two major champions behind i could n't let up . ' it 's the most incredible week of my life . this is as great as it gets in our sport , this is a dream come true for me . to shoot some low rounds and to see some putts go in out here and to hear those roars , it was remarkable . ' spieth was greeted by his family at the 18th green , with his father telling him to do a lap of honour for all the patrons round the 18th green . and the texan said that it was the moment of seeing his loved ones where it finally dawned on him that he was going to win . spieth hugs his father shawn at the 18th green , and he admitted that seeing his family made things sink in . of seeing his family and friends , spieth said : ' at that point knew that it was going to be a done deal ' . spieth hugs his grandfather bob but later said that even then the excitement of winning had n't fully kicked in . ' i saw my family and friends right behind the green , and at that point knew that it was going to be a done deal , ' he said . ' to be honest , it did n't kick in there , it still has n't kicked in . i 'm still kind of in shock a little bit . ' i 'm sure it 'll settle in maybe a little later but it was really great to share that experience with my family who were n't there any of the couple of times i had one so to be at this one was special . ' asked what was next for him , having fulfilled a life-long ambition , spieth said : ' i want to be like bubba ( watson ) , i want to win two masters ! spieth led from start to finish at augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years . the 21-year-old reacts after sinking his final putt to win the 2015 masters tournament on sunday . ' i 'm excited already to come back , i 'm excited for the opportunity ahead this year to be the reigning masters champion , i know that 's going to carry a heavy weight with it and i hope to be ready for it . ' rose , who finished on 14-under had nothing but praise for the young champion . ' there 's many players in the tiger era who have rued when tiger won it by 15 or 12 . ernie els , for example , could have won a bunch more major championships if it was n't for one guy . ' jordan seems to have that same quality right now and he 's very comfortable playing with a lead . a 14 under round here ... i 'll take that every year and take my chances . ' justin rose ( left ) finished on 14-under and had nothing but praise for the new young champion .