new jersey governor chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting . and now the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ' bullying ' behavior . ' he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association told nj.com . ' it 's the one thing that never seems to change . ' scroll down for video . not being nice : new jersey gov chris christie ( left ) is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher ( kathy mooney , right ) at a tuesday night town hall meeting . that sentiment does n't ring well with christie 's ambitions to run in the republican presidential primaries next year . tuesday night , christie appeared at kenilworth town hall to take questions from a group of citizens , when kathy mooney , a high school english teacher from roselle park , took the microphone . ms mooney , who has been a teacher for 27 years , questioned christie 's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company exxonmobil which could have contributed drastically to the state 's pension plans for teachers . christie settled the deal for $ 225million , despite the fact that the state had originally asked for $ 8.9billion which mooney described as ' favoring the affluent ' and ' kicking state workers under the bus ' . ' i know that you could have gotten more money , on the dollar , ' mooney said . ' do you ? ' a defensive christie quickly responded . ' you do know that ? really ? you know that ? ' mooney started to respond , but not before being cut off by the governor . a good deal ? mooney questioned christie 's decision-making behind a $ 225million legal settlement . the state originally wanted $ 8.9billion from the oil company , and mooney says that would have had a huge impact on pensions for public employees . ' i mean : do you know that ? ' christie continued . ' i wan na know how you know that . because you 're a teacher , and you 're standing in front of students every day , conveying to them , facts - things that they need to learn . so i would like to understand your analysis of how you know that in a ten year long , court case , that you have enough detail to know . ' mooney explains that she read about the deal in the newspaper and did not attend the meeting ' to be bullied ' . ' you 're not being bullied , because you 're asking me a question , i 'm going to ask you questions back , ' christie says , as he continues to dodge the issue . ' he said , `` i 'm not bullying you ' as he bullied her , '' ' wollmer said of the exchange . perhaps the reason why wollmer and his union responded sharply to christie 's town hall meeting tuesday night , is that he blamed the union for their role in the current pension system . ' the fact is your union , over the course of time , has asked for significantly higher benefits - more expensive benefits - that your union knew the state could not afford , ' christie said tuesday .