a five-year-old chinese girl who was left at home alone suffered broken bones and internal bleeding when she fell 150ft from a window . little jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china . her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge £100,000 medical bill , according to people 's online daily . survivor : little jiaojiao pictured in hospital after falling from a 150ft from a window while her mother was out . jiaojiao ( pictured here before the accident ) only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china . zheng and the youngster were playing at home on sunday when jiaojiao said she was hungry . her mother closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food . when zheng returned , her daughter was nowhere to be seen . believing jiaojiao was playing hide-and-seek , she began looking in the wardrobes . to her horror , she discovered an open window and saw a crowd had begun to gather around a bench below . a lifeless child in a pink jacket was sprawled across it . ‘ did a toddler fall down ? ’ zheng jiayu shouted to the spectators , recognising the child 's outfit . ‘ she can still speak , come down quickly , ’ the neighbours called back . jiaojiao was bleeding from her eyes , nose and mouth , was covered in mud and kept asking for her mother . a neighbour had found the five-year-old lying on the grass and carried her to the bench . jiaojiao was rushed to chengdu second people’s hospital and a doctor said she had punctured her lung and sustained multiple fractures . her pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding . rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke the little girl 's fall and doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious . jiaojiao 's pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches , as well as internal bleeding . luckily her head and neck were not injured and doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious . however , jiaojiao went into a coma not long after she arrived at hospital because of excessive bleeding . she only regained consciousness after an emergency blood transfusion and an operation on a wound measuring 20cm in length . she was transferred to huaxi hospital and surgeons were able to repair the damage to her legs during a three-hour operation yesterday . jiaojiao , holding back her tears before the operation , told her worried mother : ' mum , i will get better day by day . ' she is still in the intensive care unit but has already begun to ask for ice cream . unfortunately she can only be fed through a tube . on the day of her fall , jiaojiao’s father was at work and her grandparents were out of town . ‘ i was supposed to be at work , but no one is at home , ' said zheng , who suspects her daughter pushed the window open . ' so i took a day off to watch my child . ' before the fall : jiaojiao proudly shows off her picture of a pond before the accident at her home on sunday . the family has been left with a large medical bill , estimated to be £100,000 , compared to their £640 monthly income . ‘ i am so happy that my child is alive , but the medical bill will be huge , ’ zheng said . ‘ not matter how difficult this road is , we hope to accompany our daughter every step of the way and create more miracles . ' neighbours have organised a fundraiser to help pay for jiaojiao 's treatment , her nursery has donated £1,000 and friends and family have given the family £960 . zheng added : ‘ jiaojiao is such a sweet-talker . she says hi to everyone in the neighbourhood . that’s why everyone loves her . '