pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months , official safety figures reveal . twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing , one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call . among the worst cases , one incident report in february noted : ‘ fumes in cabin . eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and “ sea sickness” . oxygen administered . aircraft returned . ’ victim ? it is suspected british airways pilot richard westgate , who died in 2012 , had aerotoxic syndrome . the figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew . details emerged in a report broadcast last night by itv news , which has seen copies of the civil aviation authority’s safety reports from december 2014 to march 2015 . these reveal 167 cases of fumes or smoke in the cabin , not attributable to faulty ovens , coffee brewers or toilets . in february a coroner warned that airlines must take action to prevent passenger deaths from toxic fumes inside aircraft cabins . dorset coroner sheriff payne said pressurised air tainted with jet fuel is risking the lives of everyone travelling on planes . he issued the warning after initial investigations into the death of british airways pilot richard westgate in 2012 . the 43-year-old , from marlborough , wiltshire , had suffered years of persistent headaches , nausea and chronic fatigue , which he long suspected was caused by toxic fumes in cockpits . mr payne’s warning came days after the daily mail revealed how the poisoning fears over air in holiday planes had sparked accusations that airlines had been ignoring safety concerns for 15 years . the coroner’s intervention was the first official recognition of aerotoxic syndrome , thought to be linked to memory loss , tremors , lethargy , headaches , tinnitus , confusion , breathing difficulties and even death . safety questions : pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months . the figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe . warning : dorset coroner sheriff payne said pressurised air tainted with jet fuel is risking the lives of those travelling on planes . it followed initial investigations into the death of british airways pilot richard westgate . many former pilots , co-pilots and aircrew staff believe they have suffered long-term illnesses because of the amount of time they have spent exposed to cabin air and ‘ toxic fumes’ . the pilots’ union balpa has raised concerns . since 1999 , the air industry has denied a link between ‘ fume events’ and medical problems . but a growing number of experts warn prolonged exposure is hazardous . the problems are thought to arise when cabin air is drawn from the hot engines . passengers are usually isolated from this ‘ bleed air’ – but airlines accept that sometimes there is a leak and jet fuel contaminates the air with compounds called ‘organophosphates’ . in small quantities , these compounds may not be harmful – campaigners say it is most likely to create problems for frequent fliers and airline staff . the civil aviation authority said several expert studies on cabin air quality have been carried out in recent years . ‘ the overall conclusion has been that there is no positive evidence of a link between exposure to contaminants in cabin air and possible long-term health effects – although such a link can not be excluded , ’ it added . ‘ passenger and crew safety is of paramount importance to the caa and we are constantly working to enhance safety standards . ’