a 42-year-old high school teacher in georgia turned herself in to police on tuesday to face charges of sleeping with three of her male students . phoebe jo chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the lowndes county sheriff’s office in valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault . police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . the students have all since graduated , but investigators say there were still attending lowndes high school when the alleged sexual encounters occurred . surrendered : phoebe jo chapman , 42 , turned herself in to the lowndes county jail on tuesday morning and was booked on three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim . according to wctv , the sheriff 's office received information about chapman in march . rumors had been circulating the school that she had had relations with the career and technical instruction teacher and male students . officers were then able to identify three victims and interviewed them . all three admitted to having sexual relations with chapman . chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway . ' by statute , any time a teacher is involved in a sexual relationship with a student , it 's illegal . they can not be involved , ' lt. stryde jones of the lowndes county sheriff’s office told wctv . improper relations : chapman is accused of having sex with three different male students while teaching at lowndes high school in valdosta , georgia . investigation : lt. stryde jones of the lowndes county sheriff’s office said that the other teachers were not aware of what was going on and that rumors started among the students . ' those teachers are put in a position of trust , just like law enforcement . when you 're put in that position of trust , you 're held to a higher standard and you 're expected to make decisions that are comparable with the position that you 're in . lt. jones said it appears the relations were kept a secret until the rumors started . ' i do n't think other teachers knew , ' he told wctv . ' we have found nothing so far to indicate that anybody at the school in a position of leadership or an employee knew what was going on . ' there may have been other students that knew what was going on but they had not made anything public other than maybe to themselves . ' 