unique insight : cjullian fellowes , pictured with downton star michelle dockery . downton abbey creator julian fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the chalke valley history festival . the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey , best-selling novelist kate mosse , award-winning biographer claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor , who recently announced he is to step down as director of the british museum . visitors to the festival , sponsored by the daily mail , will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving british dambuster george ‘johnny’ johnson , and battle of britain fighter pilot tom neil . the event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a wiltshire field . this year it boasts more than 140 speakers , a stunning air show and ‘ living history’ re-enactments over seven days – a rapid rise from its humble beginnings when 12 events were held in one tent just five years ago . festival co-chairman james holland said : ‘ our festival is the only one of its kind in the uk . there’s so much to see and do . ’ this year there will even be a medieval tournament . away from the clattering of swords , much clamour is expected among downton fans for tickets to see lord fellowes following the announcement that the forthcoming series of the hugely popular drama will be the last . this year’s judges for the festival’s annual competition to find young writers who can bring history to life include birdsong author sebastian faulks , claire tomalin and best-selling novelist charlie higson . budding young authors are being asked to submit a first chapter of a historical novel of no more than 1,500 words , and a brief outline of the rest of the proposed novel of up to 500 words , for a chance of winning the penguin chalke valley history prize . it must be on one of the following themes : the ancients ; secret and spies ; the home ; adventurers and inventors ; or king and country . there are two age groups : 11 to 14 and 15 to 18 . entrants will be judged on historical research , writing skill and originality . the winner of each category gets £500 , £100 of penguin books and a one-to-one session with a senior publisher at penguin . the winners’ schools also receive £500 . those shortlisted in each age group will be invited to the penguin chalke valley history prize final on june 28 . entries must be uploaded at cvhf.org.uk/ history-prize by noon on may 29 . giving a talk titled the world of downton abbey : from the great war to the roaring twenties , he will appear in conversation with itn political editor tom bradby , discussing the enormous social change brought by the first world war and why this period continues to fascinate and inspire him . tickets for this and all talks go on sale today . starkey , famous for his tv series including monarchy , will mark the 800th anniversary of the signing of the magna carta , by talking about its genesis , history , and influence on britain today . mosse will explain the historical backdrop of her languedoc trilogy , each set in or around carcassonne at an important point in the french city’s history , from the 13th century to the second world war . tomalin speaks on diarist samuel pepys . sir ranulph , whose ancestors fought on both the french and english sides at agincourt , will take an irreverent look at the 1415 battle . in a year of many poignant anniversaries , there will be a 1940s themed victory party recognising the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war . mr johnson , 93 , a bomb aimer in raf 617 squadron’s dambusters raid of may 17 , 1943 , will be among seven lancaster crew veterans sharing their memories . for the 75th anniversary of the battle of britain , wing commander neil , 94 , who survived 141 combat missions , will talk about those days . hislop will discuss the importance of satire past and present while macgregor , credited with turning the british museum into one of the world’s most visited attractions , will explore 600 years of germany’s complex history . the festival , in ebbesbourne wake near salisbury , wiltshire , runs from june 22 to 28 . to buy tickets , go to www.cvhf.org.uk or phone 01722 781133 . the chalke valley history festival will also feature explorer sir ranulph fiennes , above . 