the mysterious moai statues of easter island have gazed inland for hundreds of years . and now experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive ' hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures’ heads , more than 700 years ago . they believe that the hats , or ' pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft ( 12 metres ) tall . mystery solved ? experts believe they have finally discovered how the rapa nui people placed distinctive hats made of red stone on top of some of the easter island figures’ heads , more than 700 years ago . despite the size of the statues , sean hixon an undergraduate student in archaeology and geology at the university of oregon , believes the rolling of the bulky stones would have been relatively easy . ‘ it seems like a relatively small number of people could have done it , either by levering or rolling , ’ he told the 80th annual meeting of the society for american archaeology . this is despite the largest pukaos measuring six-and-a-half feet ( two metres ) in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes ( 1,890 stone ) . some 1,000 carved moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile ( 25km ) volcanic island , which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on earth with just 6,000 residents . a tall order : physicists believe that the pukao , or ' hats , ' were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures ( examples are pictured left and right ) , some of which measure up to 40 ft ( 12 metres ) tall . remote : some 1,000 carved moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile ( 25km ) volcanic island , which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on earth with just 6,000 residents . the moai are monolithic human figures carved by the rapa nui people on easter island , between 1,250 and 1,500 ad . all the figures have overly-large heads and are thought to be living faces of deified ancestors . the 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft ( four metres ) . all but 53 of the moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria . in 1979 archaeologists said the statues were designed to hold coral eyes . the figures are believed to be symbol of authority and power . they may have embodied former chiefs and were repositories of spirits or ' mana ' . they are positioned so that ancient ancestors watch over the villages , while seven look out to sea to help travellers find land . but it is a mystery as to how the vast carved stones were transported into position . the island is half the size of the isle of wight , or twice the size of manhattan , and lies 2,236 miles ( 3,600km ) west of the south american mainland . since europeans came to easter island , or rapa nui , in the 1700s , people have wondered how the vast carved stones were erected , complete with their ' hats ' . some experts believe the stones were walked into place , while others have suggested that locals chopped down trees to roll the statues into position , unwittingly destroying the forests and causing their own demise through lack of natural resources . an estimated 100 pukao have been discovered so far , either in place on the statues , or scattered nearby . they are made from red volcanic rock called scoria and experts are divided as to what they may have been , with suggestions ranging from hairstyles to turbans and diadems . despite this , many agree that the red colour of the stone indicates that the pukao had ritual significance . mr hixon’s team used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a moai’s head , using different techniques . these included rolling a ‘hat’ up a ramp , building a tower , using a pulley system and putting the ‘hat’ on the statue before raising the whole statue as one . they concluded that the rounded oblong shape of the pukao means that it would have required relatively little energy to roll them up a ramp . standing guard : an estimated 100 pukao have been discovered so far , either in place on the statues or scattered nearby . this map shows the location of the 887 statues , which gaze inland across the island , with an average height of 13ft ( four metres ) . it may have been possible for less than 10 men to roll a ‘hat’ into place , because the oblong shape stopped it easily rolling down the ramp again , but was still a good shape for being hauled upwards . some of the statues have indentations which may have stopped them tipping over during placement of the pukao . and a number of the ‘ hats also have vertical marks and ring-shaped indentations on their side , which may indicate that strips of wood were used to provide traction up the ramp . however , while the team thinks ramps were the most likely method for the placing of the hats , their models revealed that any of the proposed methods for raising the pukao would have been possible - with enough manpower . erosion and damage have also scarred the sides of the pukao , meaning that analysis of marks and scratches is ' far from conclusive ' . it is not known exactly how the vast easter island statues came to line the perimeter of the small island . but in 2013 , scientists claimed they may have been walked into position . a team led by archaeologists carl lipo from the university of california state university long beach , and terry hunt of the university of hawaii claimed the statues ' bases were carved so they could lean forward to make them easier to transport . walk the walk : a team of experts created a five-tonne replica of one of the statues and moved it into an upright position on a dirt path in hawaii , to prove that the statues could have been ' walked ' into place . the researchers illustrated the theory by creating a five-tonne replica of one of the statues and moving it into an upright position on a dirt path in hawaii . with just a few ropes , a team of 18 people could rock the statue back and forth , each time inching the statue on just a little bit more . the mode of transport would have taken about two weeks . the bases would then have been flattened to stand the statues upright once they reached position . mr lipo said the findings may help dismantle the traditional story line of easter island , or rapa nui , that a ' crazed maniacal group destroyed their environment , ' by cutting down trees to transport gigantic statues . previous studies have suggested that a lost civilization chopped down trees on the island , laid the statues prone and rolled them into place using logs .