police investigating the theft of 12 prize-winning guinea pigs from a top breeder have not ruled out - a rival competitor . heartbroken owner tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind . tony , 56 , has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton , devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind . robbed : police investigating the theft of 12 prize-winning guinea pigs from top breeder tony tancock ( pictured ) have not ruled out - a rival competitor . sabotage : heartbroken owner tancock ( pictured ) believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs . he said : ' they knew exactly what they were looking for . they took two tortoiseshells , two black and two brown , all short-haired guinea pigs that besides being show-quality , were also beloved family pets . ' they left six which were not show quality , plus two other show ones . ' tony yesterday issued a desperate plea to the thief to return the treasured pets to him . he said : ' please bring them back . i miss them dearly and am really worried about them . i would like to know they did n't just get bumped off . they were priceless to me . ' guinea pig fancying took off in the 1890s but a fascination for the furry animals began when they were introduced to britain from south america in the 1500s . they are still bred for their meat in several countries on the south american continent and are a particular delicacy in the andes . the biggest event in a guinea pig fanciers calendar - the bradford championship show - draws hundreds of participating critters , competing in categories separated according to breeds . but tony said that unless his guinea pigs are returned he will not be able to appear at any shows this year . a cavy expert has warned the thefts could be a hate crime from someone with a score to settle . but bryan mayoh , chairman of the british cavy council , expressed shock at the suggestion a fellow competitor could have deliberately targeted tony . heart-broken : mr tancock was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton , devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind . he said : ' i would suggest that a personal dispute is a far more likely explanation than that some person was envious of his cavies . ' real fanciers know how important cavies are to other fanciers and would not dream of trying to steal animals from them . ' in addition , it is very likely that someone attempting to remove cavies at a show would be noticed by other fanciers . ' in 25 years of showing i never had a cavy stolen , nor have any of my fancier friends . ' ' but my advice would be to be vigilant of anyone behaving suspiciously at a show and ensure that garden sheds in which cavies are kept at home are padlocked when the owner is absent . ' police say they are investigating the thefts and asked anyone with information to contact them on 101 .