an elderly couple died in a freak accident after the woman fell down the stairs in a desperate attempt to save her partner who had also tripped . mary murphy , 66 , is thought to have tried to grab hold of john wood , 67 , when he stumbled at the top of the stairs , but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths . their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home , after concerns were raised about their welfare . mary murphy , 66 , and her partner john wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs at their home in failsworth , greater manchester . police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a ‘ bizarre and tragic’ accident . it is understood that miss murphy , a retired office clerk , had lived at the property in failsworth , near oldham , all of her life , having looked after her elderly parents . in recent years she struck up a close friendship with mr wood . the retired couple were devoted to each other and attended a prayer group , though it is not known whether either pensioner had any children or close relatives . miss murphy had been a regular worshipper at nearby st mary’s rc church , where priest father john mckeown described her as ‘ very kind and well-liked’ . he believes the accident occurred because the stairs at her home are very steep and she used a walking stick to get around . both miss murphy and mr wood were also overweight and suffered from severe mobility problems . he said : ‘ mary was not very good on her feet . if one of them tripped while they were trying to get down then this could have brought the pair of them tumbling down . it’s absolutely tragic . ’ the couple 's home was cordoned off as police forensic investigators were seen going into the property . residents spoke of their sadness at the couple’s deaths , with one saying : ‘ it is the most shocking thing to happen – that a simple slip could cost them both their lives . they were devoted to each other . they will be really badly missed in the community because they were such a force for good . ’ another said : ‘ it is very upsetting and we are in mourning . i would see them at mass on sunday , they were always smiling and you could tell they loved each other . ’ detective inspector lewis hughes from greater manchester police said : ‘ this is an extremely bizarre , albeit tragic incident and our thoughts are with the couple’s family and friends . ’ emergency crews were first called to the terraced house 10.50am on wednesday and discovered two bodies at the bottom of the stairs .   