an unemployed 32-stone woman receives £18,000 a year in benefits because she claims her weight-related illness makes her a danger to the public . morbidly obese rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity - which she says leaves her so tired that she falls asleep unexpectedly . the 21-year-old , who put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ' boredom ' , has not worked for five years because she says she would be a ' danger ' in the workplace . pressure group the taxpayers ' alliance has now warned that the benefit system should not become a ' comfort blanket ' and that people should ' get themselves in shape ' to work . scroll down for video . morbidly obese rochelle coulson ( left and right ) claims £18,000 in benefits because she suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to excessive weight - which leaves her so tired that she ca n't stay awake . ms coulson told mailonline : ' i ca n't work because of my condition . if i was sat in an office , i would just fall asleep and the manager will end up sacking me . ' it 's not just that , but i could make something go wrong , could n't i ? by falling asleep and making a mistake . who knows what buttons i would press or what would happen ? it would n't be fair on my colleagues . ' doctors have now warned ms coulson that she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she needs a state-funded support worker to write her meal plans . instead , she continues to claim £18,712 a year in benefits - the equivalent of a £22,000 taxable salary - which is more than a nurse 's starting wage and the same pay as a newly-qualified teacher . she added : ' i would love to have a job , i did n't chose to be like this . but i ca n't . i 'm too dangerous . i ca n't do anything if i 'm falling asleep the whole time . ' ms coulson , who lives alone in new milton , hampshire , said she has always battled with her weight . however , her weight spiralled out of control after she left home four years ago . unable to get a job due to being signed off with depression , the young woman started eating up to ten packs of crisps per day because she was ' bored ' . she would also have an evening takeaway - and had soon put on 13 stone . ms coulson , pictured with her mother lynda , 50 , says she would like to work if she were able to do so . doctors have now warned ms coulson that she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she can only do that with a state-funded support worker to help her write meal plans . she said : ' i developed depression and that just made me eat more . i would have takeaways most nights . i ate a lot , including chocolate and crisps . it was a way of coping . ' sleep apnoea is a condition where the walls of the throat relax and narrow during sleep , which interrupts normal breathing and can stop someone getting a decent night 's sleep . ms coulson , who is 5ft 6in , claims the condition leaves her so tired that she can not travel to work , incase she drifts off to sleep and misses her bus stop . she also says she is not allowed to drive incase she nods off at the wheel . rochelle coulson is entitled to a raft of benefits every month which means she has not had to work for five years . every month she is entitled to : total : £18 , 712 . the 21-year-old is supposed to use a continuous positive air pressure machine ( cpap ) to help her sleep during the night . but she decided not to use it because she claims she can not travel to the doctors for a check-up . she has also been offered half-price gym membership by the nhs to help her lose weight - but says she can not use it because it is too painful to walk . despite this , ms coulson says the nhs could be doing a lot more to help her . she said : ' yes i do feel there is more out there to help me and the nhs could have done better . ' they have n't done enough to help me tackle my weight . it would be nice to have a check-up each week , or month , when me and the doctor sit down and write a meal plan . or they could try and get me a support worker . ' i am supposed to have a cpap machine to help but i do not use it because i ca n't get back to hospital for a check-up . ' i ca n't go to hospital because i ca n't go on public transport as i will fall asleep and my mum ca n't always be there with me . i ca n't drive either because of my condition . ' ms coulson said she started applying for jobs when she first finished college at the age of 18 . but she was soon diagnosed with depression and told she was not capable of working . in december 2012 , she was then diagnosed with sleep apnoea . now , she claims she can drop off to sleep unexpectedly for up to six hours per day , meaning she relies on repeat sick notes to claim her state handouts . but in june last year , ms coulson was struck off from a gp surgery when her mother lynda , 50 , asked for a three-month note which the doctor refused . when the doctor offered to give her a one-month note instead , the pair were banned for being ' verbally abusive ' . ms coulson then had to be ' interviewed ' before being rejected by another surgery . in november , she was finally signed off for five months , after signing up to her third gp . the 21-year-old , who spends her days playing on facebook , has not had a job for five years because she says she can not stay awake . this healthy meal of carrots , potatoes , chicken and salad , recently posted by ms coulson , is an alternative to her usual takeaways and crisps . in total , ms coulson gets £411 in personal independence payment a month , as well as £260 employment and support allowance ( esa ) a fortnight . her £135 a week rent is also covered through housing benefit . jonathan isaby , chief executive of the taxpayers ' alliance , said : ' the benefit system is a valuable safety net , and those with genuine conditions must of course be caught by it , but it can never become a comfort blanket and we must ask individuals to get themselves in shape to work . ' taxpayers can not afford to support individuals who simply choose not to work , so the authorities must be strict about who is deemed ' fit to work ' or not . ultimately , the benefit system has to encourage people to take responsibility for themselves . ' ms coulson is now trying to lose weight by swapping her takeaways for healthy alternatives . she hopes that by losing some weight that she will be able to become more active . nurse starting salary : £21,388 . this job requires students to complete a three-year degree at university . nurses then work a complex shift pattern , including weekends , evenings and nights . teacher starting salary : £22,023 . this requires the person to complete an undergraduate degree - usually three years long - and a one-year pgce . alternatively , the trainee teacher can complete an intensive year-long school-centred initial teacher training course on the job ( scitt ) . care home worker : between £14,000 and £18,000 . this usually requires someone to complete a diploma in health and social care , as well as to undertake training and courses while on the job . she said : ' at the moment , it 's hard for me to do everyday things like getting out of bed . the hardest is getting out of my mum 's couch . it hurts my hips to lift myself out , because the sofa is broken due to my weight . ' my back also ca n't cope with standing for too long because of my weight , which means it very painful to walk . ' she added : ' i 'm dropping things like crisps and chocolate and replacing it with low fat greek yoghurt . i used to eat takeaways on a regular basis but now i do n't . ' once i 've shifted some , i can hopefully get out a little more . ' ms coulson also said she had a blood test last week which showed she is borderline diabetic and has an underactive thyroid , for which she is now taking medication . a dwp spokesman said : ' being obese in itself does not entitle a person to disability benefits , although the associated long-term health effects may . ' decisions on whether a person is entitled to disability benefits are based on thorough assessments and consideration of any medical evidence , including from their gp . '