a private funeral service attended by ex-players shane warne and ian chappell was held on wednesday for former australia cricket captain and commentator richie benaud . benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . australian prime minister tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne , which she declined . mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia and around the world . richie benaud 's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in sydney on wednesday . benaud 's memorial booklet , titled ' remembering richie ' , included a few words thanking the guests . daphne benaud ( centre ) , with family and friends , listens to speeches about her late husband richie . former australia captain and now cricket commentator ian chappell makes a speech during benaud 's wake . january 1952 : test debut against west indies at sydney cricket ground . january 1952 : first of 248 test wickets and 2,201 test runs . december 1958 : first test as australia captain , v england at brisbane . summer 1960 : first radio commentary for bbc . december 1963 : in his 60th test , the first to 2,000 test runs & 200 wickets . summer 1963 : first television commentary for bbc . february 1964 : final test against south africa at sydney cricket ground . september 2005 : final commentary in england after 42 years . but after he received a phone call from mrs benaud , he remarked ' my understanding is that richie 's own wishes was for something very , very quiet and very , very private ' . instead , benaut 's family opted for a smaller service at the eastern suburbs memorial park attended only by family and close friends . benaud 's former teammate , brian booth , led the service . in the memorial booklet , his family described benaud as ' a special person who means so much to each of us in many different ways . ' benaud , considered one of the most influential cricket identities of the past century , played 63 tests for australia but was more well-known for his career in the commentating booth . following the funeral service , a memorial was held at the australian golf club attended by richie 's former cricket commentating colleagues , channel nine network executives and test cricketers past and present . benaud was loved by many cricket fans around the world for his distinctive voice and commentary style . benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife daphne , and during his time as australia captain . tributes for benaud were placed at a statue outside the sydney cricket ground in australia . tributes were laid for the former broadcaster in sydney as the cricket world mourned his loss . members of the england and west indies cricket team observe a minute 's silence for benaud on monday .