aaron cruden has refused to give up hope of appearing in this year’s world cup , but the harsh truth is that the all blacks’ title defence has suffered an early blow with the likely loss of their no 10 . the 26-year-old waikato chiefs fly-half received grim confirmation on monday that he has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months . aaron cruden is almost certain to miss the world cup after scans revealed the need for knee surgery . cruden hobbles off the field after damaging his knee during the round 10 super rugby match . four years after new zealand’s quest to claim the webb ellis cup was so nearly derailed by an injury to dan carter , his successor has suffered the same fate — albeit much earlier . cruden has started 15 tests for the world champions in the last two years , establishing himself as first choice . ‘ i haven’t completely ruled out making the world cup , ’ he said . ‘ i still don’t know if it’s sunk in . ’ new zealand coach steve hansen added : ‘ he has developed into a very good all black and is a key member of our team . he will be a loss for the chiefs and the all blacks . ’ england lock joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in wasps’ premiership clash with leicester on may 9 . launchbury has been sidelined since october because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck . cruden will see a surgeon on wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction in the coming weeks . the knee surgery will rule him out of action for at least six weeks , meaning he will miss the world cup . leicester have announced the signing of australia back-three player peter betham from super 15 champions the waratahs . meanwhile , the final of the inaugural european champions cup is set to be played out in front of a sparse crowd at twickenham on may 2 . ticket sales had crept just past 25,000 before the semi-finals and with two french clubs — clermont auvergne and toulon — contesting the showpiece , a crowd of under 40,000 is expected at the 82,000-capacity stadium . that would be the smallest attendance for a final of the continent’s elite event since 2003 , when toulouse and perpignan attracted just 28,600 in dublin . toulon are set to be without english full back delon armitage , who reportedly suffered a broken hand in sunday’s win over leinster . 