this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8million mansion in new jersey . sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down . caught on camera : this is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8million mansion in new jersey . going in : sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . hazy : footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . several other firemen then enter the scene and murphy moves with them upstairs . wearing smoke masks , they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways . in order to hear each other , they shout loudly to one another . they also use radios to communicate to a second team of firemen with the truck outside . although the headcam video cuts at the 31-minute mark , it apparently took the fire fighters six hours to get the blaze under control . former sea bright fire chief joe eskridge says the helmet cam is ' probably one of the best tools you can have besides water ' when it comes to coordinating fire efforts . an image of the 22-room mansion after the fire , captured by cbs news , shows that the upper floors were the worst damaged . lurking hazards : at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down . key accessory : one fire fighter say the helmet cam is ' probably one of the best tools you can have besides water ' when it comes to coordinating fire response . final edit : although the headcam video cuts at the 31-minute mark , it apparently took the fire fighters six hours to get the blaze under control . under investigation : the four-alarm fire at the rumson mansion , known as blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified . dozens of windows appear to be missing with parts of the roof also destroyed . the four-alarm fire at the rumson mansion , known as blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified . there were no injuries reported . before it went up in flames , the seven-bedroom mansion was being decorated by more than 40 interior designers for a month-long event . apparently , the building is referred to locally as the ' gatsby house ' because f. scott fitzgerald was a friend of the owner in the late 1880s and visited frequently . it is currently owned by thomas widener , a deutsche bank securities inc. executive . lucky escape : there were no injuries reported in the fire . bad timing : before it went up in flames , the seven-bedroom mansion was being decorated by more than 40 interior designers for a month-long event . in the spotlight : apparently , the building is referred to locally as the ' gatsby house ' because f. scott fitzgerald was a friend of the owner in the late 1880s and visited frequently . still standing : it is currently owned by thomas widener , a deutsche bank securities inc. executive . 