walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club . the ibrox legend worked closely with mccoist and coach kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch . charged with leading the club back to the premiership from the bottom tier , mccoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in december and is still earning £14,000 a week while his 12-month notice period runs down . walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself a successful manager at a stable club . mcdowall , who reluctantly took over as caretaker boss before leaving in march to be replaced by stuart mccall , is also awaiting a final severance deal which would free him up to work elsewhere . yet despite leaving the club under a cloud , smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football , and he blames boardroom turmoil under craig whyte , charles green and the mike ashley-easdale brothers axis for contributing towards an unmanageable situation . ‘ i think they want an opportunity , ’ said the former rangers manager and chairman of his two former colleagues . ‘ after working with them for a number of years and them getting the opportunity to go in and take over , which i got when graeme ( souness ) left , the boys were always hoping they would get the opportunity . ‘ there was no guarantee of that , but they got it , and you have got to say that the circumstances they worked under were probably the poorest of any manager at any time in rangers’ history . ‘ people can make their own judgments of how a manager does a job . all i would say is that everyone has to have support . ‘ i got the support of david murray when i was manager at rangers and he was a big help to me . they never had that help , they didn’t get any help . ‘ stuart ( mccall ) has come in at a time when everybody is looking a bit brighter for a change at rangers . it is a good time for him to come in . stuart mccall is now in charge of the scottish championship side and has impressed since taking over . ‘ it certainly wasn’t a good time when alistair took over . craig whyte came in and that coincided with alistair , i felt , not getting a fair opportunity . ‘ it is very difficult to judge him as a manager under the circumstances that he worked in . i certainly wouldn’t have liked to have worked under them anyway . ’ the mccoist legacy has drawn unfavourable comments from supporters . signings such as dean shiels , david templeton and ian black arrived on wages which were barely justified by their performances in a light blue shirt . some voiced doubts over mccoist’s tactical acumen while others asked why younger players weren’t given more of a chance to blossom in the lower leagues . yet smith argues that both mccoist and mcdowall deserve to be remembered for what they did during his own highly successful second spell at rangers , prior to the financial tsunami which plunged the club over a fiscal cliff . ‘ i was the manager , alistair was the assistant manager and kenny was the coach and , for four and a half years when the club was well run , we did well , ’ said the former scotland boss . smith believes ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself a successful manager at a stable club . ‘ i am not a miracle person , i couldn’t run rangers football club on my own . the people that i worked with there did a terrific job . i know their strengths . everyone has got strengths and weaknesses and i know theirs . ‘ i read in the paper that ally can’t manage . he had never managed a football club before , and neither had i when i took over . ‘ imagine when you have never managed a football club before , going into rangers and being there for four years under the circumstances that they were in ? ‘ people say : “ he will ask walter smith for advice” but i had never been in that circumstance before , so how could i give him any advice in terms of how rangers were being run ? it is an unfair judgement for people to make on him because of the circumstances . mccoist is rangers record scorer but was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the clubs future . ‘ alistair and kenny would take a lot of the training , and i read that he ( mcdowall ) couldn’t coach . kenny mcdowall is a terrific coach . he is excellent at his job and one of the most organised people i have ever worked with . yet i hear all these assessments . ‘ if you don’t get results , people make those assessments , but they are not correct . ‘ for me , the main circumstance is why they didn’t work out under alistair and kenny , who didn’t want to be the manager . the circumstances weren’t right . ’