for a young man who has spent his career under the radar , the scene outside the riverside stadium on monday night was symbolic . james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move . that should have guaranteed he would be besieged by well-wishers on his way to the team bus but , on this occasion , serenity reigned . ‘ i enjoy signing autographs and giving something back to the fans , ’ said ward-prowse with a smile , ‘ but it was dead ! there wasn’t a soul around ! it was wet and windy , so everyone decided to go home . ’ james ward-prowse is beginning to get noticed after starring displays for england u 21s and southampton . the saints rising star was speaking in an interview with sportsmail 's dominic king ( left ) . ward-prowse poses with the ball outside of southampton 's impressive marchwood training ground . the quiet life suits ward-prowse . he started at southampton trying not to be noticed — he and alex oxlade-chamberlain used to travel on the same train from portsmouth to the academy hiding their club tracksuits — and has been happy making progress away from the public gaze . the thing is , though , his situation is beginning to change . more and more people are becoming aware of this talented young midfielder who can bend free-kicks like david beckham , but he is now ready for the journey to begin . from the moment he sits down at southampton’s marchwood training ground , the impressive facility on the edge of the new forest , it is clear that the buzz he got from sinking germany has not yet subsided . ‘ i couldn’t sleep afterwards , ’ said ward-prowse . ‘ i was up until 4am . the rush of adrenaline was unbelievable . i just kept running through the goal in my mind and the celebration with the lads . i was lying down but i just couldn’t shut my eyes . ‘ i decided to stay up in middlesbrough as i thought i would get a good sleep before flying back down here but there was no chance of that . as soon as i saw the goal had been tweeted i was watching it and reliving it . it was surreal , something every kid dreams of doing . ’ ward-prowse scored the winner in england u21s memorable 3-2 victory over germany . the 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match . ward-prowse celebrates after scoring a stunning free-kick against brazil in toulon last year . not every kid , however , gets the chance to live out their dreams . ward-prowse , now 20 , is one of five children and grew up a portsmouth fan until southampton’s scouts spotted him when he was eight . his father , john , is a barrister but young james had only one ambition . ‘ when i was little i’d kick balloons or socks around , ’ said ward-prowse , whose saints debut came as a 16-year-old against crystal palace in the league cup in 2011 . ‘ dad took me to football but there was never any sense i would follow him . ‘ i was taken to my first game at fratton park . i was so tiny i just remember sitting on dad’s knee eating sweets ! but i made the decision ( to switch allegiances ) based on my career . i knew this was the right place to be . i’m at a club that trusts you to go out and play . ’ his progress has been consistently striking and those who have worked with ward-prowse all say the same : he is a professional in every sense , someone who wants to squeeze every last drop out of his ability by doing everything right . ‘ the club has changed a lot since i’ve been here but nothing changed for me personally , ’ he said . ‘ i never want to have regrets . i aim to make sure i have given it my all and that i become the best i can be . ’ the former portsmouth fan makes his debut for southampton in 2011 carling cup match against palace . the talented midfielder has earned a reputation as a free-kick specialist at st mary 's . saints boss ronald koeman , who could take a mean free-kick himself , has given ward-prowse some tips . that involves relentless practice , particularly with set-pieces . former saints boss mauricio pochettino saw ward-prowse’s potential in that area and last summer , representing england in the toulon tournament , he scored a free-kick against brazil that a brazilian would have been proud of . he has continued to hone his technique at marchwood and there have been pointers from current manager ronald koeman , a man who knows all about producing a telling free-kick when needed . ‘ as soon as he was appointed i looked for his goals on youtube , ’ said ward-prowse . ‘ he could strike a free-kick , couldn’t he ? he gives advice on where to put the ball and the mind games you can play with the keeper . ‘ i take a bag of balls out on my own . i won’t hit too many as i don’t want muscle fatigue but i read about steven gerrard and david beckham hitting free-kicks after training and that is what i do . they were my childhood heroes . ‘ i have tried to follow in their footsteps because that is the level that i want to reach . i put a bib in the corner of the net and try to hit it . my accuracy isn’t too bad . if you are taking 10 , you want to be hitting the bib six or seven times . ‘ i used to watch all beckham’s goals on youtube . there are bits of his technique which i have tried to implement . i also think he is a top role model . i haven’t met him but i’d love to get some advice from him . he is a fantastic guy . ‘ i got gerrard’s shirt . i’ve met him but never had a proper chat . being up against him on the opening day , i was thinking , “ wow — it’s steven gerrard , my boyhood idol” . those two are tremendous characters , men i will always admire . ’ ward-prowse’s long-term ambition is to emulate his heroes by captaining england but he also realises that becoming firmly established at southampton and helping england at this summer’s european under-21 championship are the first peaks to conquer . ward-prowse practises his free-kicks diligently in the hope of reaching the standard of david beckham . beckham takes one of his trademark free-kicks for england against northern ireland . the southampton youngster battles for the ball against childhood idol and liverpool legend steven gerrard . at marchwood it is impossible to escape the feeling that southampton are going to be in the top flight for some time and the same could be said about ward-prowse , who returned from a broken foot earlier this season to sign a five-year deal . ‘ it showed the faith the club have in me but also the faith i have in the club , ’ he said . ‘ they have put a lot of time and effort into making sure i am the person and player i am today . i want to pay that back . it’s a great club to be at . ’ with the interview over , a few photographs are required and as the shots are being taken , an eagle-eyed coach has spotted what is going on . ‘f****** hell , prowesy ! ’ comes a shout . ‘ scored a goal have you ? ! ’ ward-prowse joins in the laughter but moments like this show that he will not be able to hide under the radar for much longer . 