victoria 's secret angel alessandra ambrosio is recovering at a hospital in los angeles following a ' medical procedure ' for ' constant headaches ' , daily mail online can reveal . the brazilian supermodel – seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday - underwent the procedure on tuesday . she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood , los angeles . scroll down for video . emergency : alessandra ambrosio was treated at the ronald reagan center of ucla hospital in los angeles . she had seemed in perfect health at the coachella festival in california on sunday but was suffering ' constant headaches ' . expertise : the ronald reagan ucla medical center is renowned for its high-quality care . family : alessandra ambrosio was with her fiance jamie mazur , at coachella , when they were photographed together on sunday night attending an afterparty . party spirit : alessandra ambrosio had enjoyed the atmosphere at coachella festival and shown no symptoms of being unwell but had booked the appointment two weeks ago , a friend told daily mail online . ambrosio is undergoing treatment at the ronald reagan medical center . a friend said she had been suffering what she described as ' constant headaches ' and had made the appointment two weeks ago . ' i have spoken to her team , her manager and everyone that went with her for her medical procedure and they say she is fine , ' the friend said . a spokesperson for the supermodel confirmed to daily mail online that ambrosio , 34 , was currently in hospital . the spokesperson said : ' alessandro ambrosio went to a doctor today for a scheduled medical visit and is currently in good health . ' the spokesperson said he could not comment further on ambrosio 's condition . ambrosio 's medical drama came after she was seen partying at the coachella valley music and arts festival in california at the weekend . the super slim brazilian beauty spent hours at the gala with other supermodels , including kendall jenner . she kept her fans updated by posting dozens of photos of her and her friends at empire polo club in indio , california . on instagram she wrote of the festival : ' what a wonderful world . ' among the acts performing on sunday were vance joy , marina and the diamonds , jenny lewis , and st. vincent . ambrosio has two children - son noah , three , and daughter anja , seven - with her fiance , california businessman jamie mazur . company : alessandra was joined by her a group of friends as they walked around the festival . happy times : alessandra and her pals took the time to put together this selfie as they enjoyed the festival . good times : alessandra ambrosio had been with friends as she enjoyed the atmosphere at coachella . happy : this was the message alessandra ambrosio posted on instagram . festival goer kylie jenner , 17 , was one of the celebrities also partying at coachella . party scene : alessandra ambrosio was photographed with friends at coachella . 