two people on a delta flight which made an emergency landing in boston were hospitalized after extreme turbulence which was compared by one passenger to ' king kong picking up the plane and shaking it ' . delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark airport in new jersey , complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians . a boston ems spokeswoman said two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at logan airport in boston . scroll down for video . a delta international flight from paris , france to newark , new jersey was diverted to boston on wednesday afternoon because of extreme turbulence . delta 271 flight from paris to newark had a turbulent time in the air before it made an emergency landing in boston , the flight path revealed on wednesday . during high winds , the plane was unable to land at newark then attempted to land at jfk in new york but this also proved too difficult . finally the pilot flew to logan international in boston . the airline said flight 271 from paris left boston just after 6pm to resume its journey to newark , new jersey where it landed safely . the plane is a boeing 767-300er . delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard . one passenger told nbc that it felt like ' king kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow ' . he added : ' the winds were phenomenal . the wind was going around and around , and out to sea and back to sea , coming to new york and then to boston and now back to new york . ' another female passenger said the flight was extremely bumpy and a lot of people on board got sick . traveler jessica garcia told abc7 : ' you could feel the turbulence . it was going up and down , yeah , you could feel it all . ' one passenger said that the turbulence felt like ' king kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow ' . this female passenger said she got queasy and that other travelers on board fell ill during the extreme turbulence .