kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ' pleasure troupe ' of young women that north korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain them . kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in december 2011 . but now that the country 's official three-year mourning period for kim jong-il has concluded , the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s . scroll down for video . ladies love kim : kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ' pleasure troupe ' of young women to entertain him . here he is mobbed by emotional women during an inspection of an all-female military unit . mobbed : kim jong-un smiles as he walks alongside members of north korea 's women 's national soccer team . happily married : kim jong-un is photographed with his wife ri sol-ju in pyongyang in july 2012 . news that kim jong-un is re-establishing the so-called ' pleasure troupe ' was reported by south korea 's chosun ilbo . the tradition was established by the dictator 's grandfather kim il-sung - who is considered the founder of north korea and still holds the title of eternal president despite dying in 1994 . north korean officials have traditionally scoured the countryside for pretty teenagers , sometimes as young as 13-years-old , who are then taken to pyongyang to work as dancers , singers or servants for the country 's leaders . often the most attractive girls are forcibly married off to powerful military generals as a way of rewarding the men for their all-important loyalty to the regime . as part of the handover of power following the death of kim il-sung in 2011 , the entire troop was dismantled and sent off to marry members of the north korean establishment . but now that three years have passed it is thought acceptable for kim to restart the tradition by finding his own girls . inspection : kim jong-un is photographed at a machine plant yesterday in images released by state media . giving orders : kim jong-un inspects a machine plant at an undisclosed location in north korea yesterday . kim il-sung 's personal ' pleasure troupe ' were given $ 4,000 pay-offs upon his death as a reward for their service to the regime , according to the telegraph . as teenagers most were simply taken out of school and moved from their hometowns without the consent of their parents , who were no doubt terrified at what could happen to them if they resisted . the girls reportedly lived in the senior officials ' houses and were traditionally allowed to marry their employers and ' retire ' from service by the time they reached their early 20s . the three-year absence of the ' pleasure troupe ' was due to a complete overhaul of the north korean establishment by kim jong-un following his father 's death . the dictator moved swiftly to remove the most powerful figures from his father 's regime - having many of them executed - and replaced them with his own group of spineless bureaucrats .