shocking police dashcam footage has emerged showing an arizona cop speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him . in the two videos , mario valencia is captured walking along a street in marana , northwest of tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ' one round just went out . he 's definitely loaded . ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ' stand off , the gun is loaded . ' but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . warning : graphic footage . scroll down for videos . overtaking : this police dashcam video shows arizona officer michael rapiejko overtaking his colleague 's vehicle as they chase alleged thief mario valencia ( hidden by the other car ) in marana , northwest of tucson . target : the police officer in the other vehicle warns rapiejko that the suspect is loaded and tells him to ' stand off ' . but in apparent defiance of his advice , rapiejo drives straight toward unsuspecting valencia ( pictured ) . horrific : seconds later , rapiejo 's vehicle mounts the curb ( pictured ) and smashes into the suspect 's body . hit : in this screen grab , from the dashcam video , valenica appears to turn toward the car as it strikes him . valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . the other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down . ' at the end of the footage , obtained by cbs affiliate kold-tv , rapiejko is captured emerging from his vehicle and approaching valencia , while other cops exit their own cars with their guns raised . valencia was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on february 19 . he was eventually booked into jail two days later . the release of the dashcam videos comes as police across america remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling african-american suspects and using excessive violence against them . only a week and a half ago , south carolina police officer michael slager was charged with murder after he allegedly fatally shot water scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away . despite valencia 's injuries and the harrowing footage of the crash , marana police chief terry rozema has defended rapiejko 's actions , declaring they likely saved the armed suspect 's life . smash : valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall ( pictured ) before coming to a halt amid debris . the other cop can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down ' . high-speed : bits of concrete can be seen sailing through the sky as rapiejko 's patrol car continues traveling . cracked : valencia , was rushed to university of arizona medical center in a serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on february 19 . above , rapiejko 's car window appears to be cracked . deliberate act : valencia ( pictured , left , in his mug shot ) remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail . police have since spoken out in defense of rapiejko 's actions in the town of marana , arizona . in february , sergeant chris warren also appeared to support the deliberate crash , telling kold-tv that valencia ' was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . this crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at columbus avenue and 29th street , vandalism and burglary at the tucson baptist temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . it culminated in the alleged theft of a rifle from walmart at 8280 north cortaro road . from there , the suspect fled to 5650 west coca cola place , where he was struck and injured by rapiejko 's vehicle . ' he 'd just stolen a weapon , loaded it , was not obeying commands from officers and walking toward occupied businesses .it 's a busy time of morning , a lot of employees at work , ' said sgt warren . another view : despite the shocking footage of the crash , marana police chief terry rozema has defended officer rapiejko 's actions . above , this dashcam video was taken from inside the other officer 's car . swerving : the second video shows rapiejko 's car swerving across the road and heading toward valencia . life-saving ? the vehicle smashes into the suspect ( the black shape in the air , between the tree and the car ) . apprehended : at the end of the footage , obtained by cbs affiliate kold-tv , rapiejko can be seen emerging from his vehicle and approaching valencia ( under the tree ) , while other cops emerge with their guns raised . ' we had to take immediate action and make sure he did n't get inside those businesses . ' rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , because it was considered use of force . however , the pima county attorney 's office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing and he is back on the force , sgt warren said . valencia , meanwhile , is facing several felony charges for his ' spree ' . valencia had already been approached by police near a post office following the alleged walmart theft , it is reported . there , he had apparently threatened suicide , before firing the gun and fleeing . no one was injured in the post office incident . also on tuesday , dozens of protesters were taking to the streets of new york to continue demonstrations over alleged police brutality against minorities . controversy : the release of the dashcam videos comes as police across america remain under scrutiny for allegedly racially profiling african-american suspects . above , protesters in manhattan , new york , on tuesday . demonstrating : the protests have been a regular occurrence in many us cities since last august , when unarmed , black 18-year-old michael brown was shot dead by officer darren wilson in ferguson , missouri . removed : some demonstrators were escorted off the brooklyn bridge roadway by nypd officers on tuesday . the protests have been a regular occurrence in many us cities since last august , when unarmed , black 18-year-old michael brown was shot dead by officer darren wilson in ferguson , missouri . in november , a grand jury decided not to indict wilson in the fatal shooting , while another grand jury chose not to indict another officer in the death of black father-of-four eric garner on staten island . on tuesday , some protesters were seen scuffling with police during a march in manhattan . others , meanwhile , were pictured being escorted off the brooklyn bridge roadway by nypd officers . 