tom ince chose not celebrate , nor did 60 or so travelling blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays . but derby county very much cheered this emphatic victory that solidified their position in the play-offs and provided a needed tonic after recent headaches . ince 's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable . blackpool is where he crafted his game and made his name between 2011 and 2014 . since he left last year , initially on loan to crystal palace in january , there has been only despair on the seaside , and this defeat confirmed they would take the championship wooden spoon . derby celebrated an emphatic victory over blackpool that kept their promotion push going . derby : grant , keogh , shotton , whitbread , warnock , bryson , hendrick ( thomas 78 ) , dawkins , ince ( ward 74 ) , bent ( russell 68 ) , lingard . subs not used : christie , forsyth , roos , albentosa . goals : bryson 3 , ince 28 , bent 29 , ( pen ) 65 . blackpool : parish , maher ( barkhuizen 54 ) , clarke , o'dea , dunne , cubero , perkins , o'hara , orlandi , madine , cameron ( samuel 69 ) . subs not used : oliver , ferguson , telford , boney , higham . referee : oliver langford ( w midlands ) . attendance : 27,227 . derby , despite their recent troubles , can still look up . an easy win against the division 's worst team by far may not vouch for their play-off credentials but the three points help get them there . steve mcclaren , who may be heading to the premier league no matter what , was unable to field top scorer chris martin because of a niggling hamstring injury . but his absence was not crucial , this was over by half-time . probably after just 2 minutes 29 seconds . that is when craig bryson picked the ball up off jeff hendrick in the middle of the pitch , strolled forward unchallenged and let fly a shot from 20 yards that bounced into corner of the net . deadlock broken , the rival fans united in trashing blackpool chairman karl oyston , whose stewardship has sent the club into league one . ' love blackpool hate oyston , ' was a banner held aloft in the sparsely-populated away end . craig bryson celebrates after scoring the opening goal as early as the third minute . tom ince scored derby 's second goal of the night against his former side at the ipro stadium . chants were aired , ' oyston for forest ' being one of the more printable . ince 's goal came in the 28th minute . he got the ball from ryan shotton , danced into the area and curled a wonderful effort inside the far post . how important his eight goals have been since joining on loan from hull . ince stayed composed out of respect to the club where he scored 31 goals in 100 league games . some non-celebrations seem trivial . this , given all blackpool 's fans have suffered , was removing the salt from the wound . a mere 58 seconds later , it was 3-0 . straight from kick-off charles dunne sent a backpass into the path of darren bent , who finished cleanly . it meant he had scored in four consecutive league appearances for the first time since october 2009 . he should have had a second seven minutes after the break . jesse lingard picked out ince , whose shot was saved by elliot parish , the ball rebounding back off ince to bent six yards out . but the former england striker ballooned his shot high over the bar . he did double his tally in the 65th minute with a thumping penalty after peter clarke had fouled shotton . it was his 12th goal in 15 games since arriving on loan from aston villa . derby will need more of the same to reach the premier league . for blackpool , that dream has long faded . darren bent celebrates after added a third goal for derby inside the half-hour mark on tuesday . bent rifles a penalty into the top corner in the second half to add derby 's fourth goal and his second . blackpool 's small contingent of travelling supporters make their feelings towards karl oyston known . 18 april - huddersfield ( a ) . 25 april - millwall ( a ) . 2 may - reading ( h ) . 18 april - fulham ( h ) . 25 april - cardiff ( a ) . 2 may - huddersfield ( h ) .