right from the moment he breezed through the doors at old trafford , louis van gaal was a man with a plan . the first season , he stated , would see him deliver manchester united back into their rightful place in the champions league . he would restore them to the premier league top four but loftier aims of silverware would have to wait . his three-year vision would allow for such thoughts but , first things first , united needed to be dining from european football 's top table again . louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning man united into champions league . wayne rooney smashes home during manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday . united 's win over aston villa took them third , eight points ahead of fifth-placed liverpool in the table . april 12 manchester city ( h ) . april 18 chelsea ( a ) . april 26 everton ( a ) . may 2 west bromwich albion ( h ) . may 9 crystal palace ( a ) . may 17 arsenal ( h ) . may 24 hull city ( a ) . one season out of the champions league was far from ideal , but two seasons would be an absolute disaster and something , he understood , that would not be tolerated . in november , even that was looking optimistic . a 1-0 defeat to manchester city meant that united had taken just 13 points from their opening 10 matches - it was their worst start to a league campaign since 1986 , when ron atkinson only lasted until november . they had also been humiliated in the capital one cup by league one side mk dons . once again , with a more than a hint of desperation , van gaal reminded everyone after the derby defeat that this was a long-term project . ' it 's not good enough , ' he said . ' but on the other hand , we are in a process , as i have said from the beginning . the process shall take more than one year , it shall take three years . ' suddenly , it seemed like van gaal was shifting the goalposts . instead of finishing top four in his first season , was he now suggesting that united might only be worthy of those positions by year three ? that did n't sound good . it took some time for united to hit their stride under van gaal but things have finally come together . united were again at their best in saturday 's 3-1 home win over aston villa , which took them third . united celebrate their title triumph in 2013 - van gaal 's aim is to return such success to old trafford . but van gaal has been true to his word . barring a catastrophic late collapse in form , united will be gracing the champions league again next season . with an eight-point cushion established over liverpool in fifth , united 's faithful can look forward to those electric european nights against next season . their failure to qualify for the continent 's premier club competition this year is a mere blip , rather than a symbol of sustained decline . with matches against chelsea , arsenal and manchester city still to come , there is even far-fetched talk of united winning the title . now that really would be an acceleration of the van gaal masterplan . that wo n't happen but there 's no reason why united ca n't finish second or third , avoiding the necessity of a potentially tricky champions league qualifier in august . united are on course , the plan is on track and van gaal can be satisfied . there are growing signs too that van gaal 's team are looking like the manchester united of old . ander herrera scored twice in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa at the weekend . juan mata , who scored twice in the 2-1 win over liverpool , has been excellent under van gaal . angel di maria ( right ) has been mainly playing from the bench during united 's recent good run of form . radamel falcao ( right ) has also had to be content with a place on the bench . the 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday was another indication that united are now a settled side . the fluent , possession-based football and the waves of attack that were hallmarks of the alex ferguson era are slowly beginning to return . van gaal , after trying what seems like a million combinations , has found the shape and system that best makes use of the resources at his disposal . it seems to exclude angel di maria and radamel falcao - combined value £103.5m - but while the money men wo n't be happy , everyone else is . now that united have manoeuvred themselves into a strong position in the top four , van gaal can regard his first season in english football as a job well done . but year two demands further improvement . united must mount a sustained challenge for the premier league title and reach the later stages of the champions league . those are the expectations . now we wait and see if van gaal can deliver . 