standing in a public shower cubicle with my screaming 15-month-old son , i was starting to wonder whether i truly was a keycamp type of person . my hazy memories of similar family holidays as a child were of slow days spent on pine-scented campsites , punctuated by trips to sun-soaked beaches . but here i was , a fully-fledged father , some quarter of a century later wondering what had gone wrong . our journey to argeles-sur-mer on france’s mediterranean coast went without a hitch , despite being in the minority of travellers flying , then hiring a car , rather than driving all the way . but the fatal decision was to try and wash the children , toddler joe and five-year-old anna , after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at camping la chapelle . chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife , catherine , and children , joe and anna . families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the august heat . it was at this point i discovered that we didn’t have any hot water and the baby bath had a big hole in the bottom and no plug . with stubborn determination i slung the youngest over my shoulder , grabbed some towels and trudged off to the shower block . minutes later he had showed me the error of my ways in the way that only toddlers can . and this was something i was left to chew over , as we quickly realised neither stubbornness nor determination have a place in this land of dappled sunlight , flip-flops and fresh baguettes . the children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with the many new friends they made . joe wears oversized sunglasses while relaxing by the pool at camping la chappelle in argeles-sur-mer . instead over the next 10 days we threw ourselves at the mercy of campsite life , simply taking the path of least resistance . with hindsight , we should , of course , on that first night have just thrown the children into bed – dirt and all – and gone swimming first thing . eurocamp ( which has since absorbed keycamp under its banner ) , and its stable of mobile home accommodation , provide everything you need to make a great success of simple pleasures like these . things have come on a long way since i was a foot shorter and my family holidayed every year in tents across the south-west of france . the greenwood family made several trips to the pleasant argeles beach with its mountain backdrop . multiple swimming pools , a kids club , swings and a bakery kept the greenwoods busy during their stay . lugging jerry cans of water back to our tent with its zip-up compartments and constant procession of ants had its charm , but so does double-glazing , a fully-fitted kitchen and air conditioning . we stayed in a vista three-bedroom mobile home . it’s not huge , the bedrooms have the feel of a ship cabin , but it’s all there . the shower is decent with plenty of hot water – once the boiler has been sparked into life by a handy courier – and you’ve got your own loo and a decent size fridge . two sets of doors lead out on to a deck , equipped with a gas-fired barbecue and , in our case , a permanent al fresco bath for joe . camping la chapelle 's biggest selling point is a fantastic swimming pool complex , including two water slides . eurocamp offer sites for all types and tastes , and camping la chapelle is probably quite typical of a modern french campsite . this is certainly not your isolated enclave where you spend the evening listening only to the cicadas and warm wind rustling through the trees . instead , you are likely to be able to hear the distant sounds of a german murdering a 1980s pop classic at karaoke night at the bar . but it’s a trade-off if you want somewhere lively and family orientated , which this campsite certainly is . in la chapelle’s case , the biggest selling point is the fantastic swimming pool complex , including two water slides . there is even a heated pool with a retractable roof , under which we spent a memorable afternoon sheltering from a thunderstorm that rolled in from the pyrenees . joe and anne , pictured with dad chris , enjoyed the kids club , run by a team of dedicated workers . families congregated around the pools every afternoon for relief from the august heat and anna became an almost permanent fixture in the water , playing with the many new friends she’d made on the site . so the pool became a mainstay of our pleasant daily routine , which began with picking up freshly baked bread from the campsite bakery and ended with drinks and snacks on the deck . we quickly made use of the kids club , run by a small team of dedicated and enthusiastic couriers . four hours of varied entertainment is on offer for children aged five to 12 , six days of the week , and during our stay those in charge worked hard to build a rapport with their young charges from britain , ireland , germany and holland . chris and catherine get into the spirit at camping la chappelle 's campsite ' olympics ' for children . anna enjoyed games , crafts and an x-factor-style talent show as the club proved a hub for families staying with keycamp and its sister company eurocamp . the two tribes were ultimately set against each other with an evening campsite ‘olympics’ , at which i am sad to report eurocamp cleaned up . but not before our children had soaked their couriers to the skin in a bizarre game involving body paint , shouting and many , many bottles of water . as the days went on we settled into a pleasant routine , padding about the site between the bakery , kids club , swings and swimming pools . we did venture off site most mornings , making the 10-minute walk to the pleasant argeles beach with its mountain backdrop and host of accessible cafes , bars and a mini-supermarket . when the greenwoods were n't in the pool they spent time on the beach in the stunning port of collioure . a little further afield was the stunning port of collioure , once a magnet for artists including henri matisse and pablo picasso . it really is a picture postcard place , with a little bay and beach perfect for swimming , surrounded by traditional french cafes , restaurants and arts and crafts boutiques . we went back twice to make sure we hadn’t missed anything in its winding maze of pretty streets . once my wife and i found a new rhythm we pretty much all agreed that we could be keycamp kind of people . we vowed never to force joe to take a shower ever again though – at least not until he is big enough to take himself . chris and his family stayed at camping la chapelle , argeles-sur-mer , for 10 nights with keycamp ( www.eurocamp.co.uk or 0844 406 0319 ) , which now operates under the eurocamp banner . eurocamp offer self-catering holidays at more than 160 sites across europe , including popular regions like the dordogne , holland and central italy . from may 25 , 2015 , a seven-night stay in a two-bedroom esprit mobile home at camping la chapelle starts at £427 . peak season flights with easyjet to montpellier from gatwick start at £65 each way , plus baggage . chris hired a car with europcar , which cost around £250 for 10 days , including two child seats and unlimited mileage .