andrew o'clee , 36 , hid his secret second family from his first wife and has been jailed for eight months , pictured outside chichester crown court yesterday . a bigamist was caught out when his first wife discovered his secret second marriage – on facebook . ' shameless liar ' andrew o'clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos – and later tied the knot again with another woman . but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site . serial cheat o'clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case and had been put into the witness protection programme which meant he had to live in a ' safe house ' for long periods . blinded by her belief in his honesty , michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies , agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening . yesterday the former soldier was jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of ' lies and forgery ' lasting four years . o'clee tied the knot with first wife michelle in 2008 . but while they were trying for a baby together , he had already started his double life with a new woman . he later turned up at the birth of his daughter , amelia , and cut the umbilical cord – before telling his wife he had to leave with a police escort . but instead of heading to a so-called safe house , he would leave their rented flat in ealing , west london to go back to finance manager philippa campbell in upmarket chiddingfold , surrey – a 40-mile journey away . he started the affair with philippa after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker michelle being unfaithful . he married again in august 2013 – even forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding . o'clee 's lavish illegal nuptials took place in st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex , before the reception at russets country house , near their detached £575,000 home . he began his affair with his second wife philippa ( right ) in 2011 - while he and his first wife were trying for a baby , pictured together outside chichester crown court yesterday . his first wife michelle ( pictured ) revealed that he showed up late at the birth of their child and said he had to leave with police . but the deception was uncovered last august when michelle discovered a video of him on facebook completing the ice bucket challenge – where people are filmed being drenched in freezing water for charity . it was captioned ' uncle andrew and auntie philippa ' . the post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she reported to police . yesterday o'clee was jailed after admitting bigamy at chichester crown court . but second wife philippa , 30 , has vowed to stay with him . 2000 : andrew o'clee met michelle . 2008 : the pair married in west acton in 2008 . 2011 : couple began trying for a baby around the same time he started affair with philippa . 2012 : o'clee got engaged to philippa and forged a decree absolute for his first marriage . 2013 : he married philippa in st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex . 2014 : michelle and andrew 's daughter was born . 2014 : o'clee was arrested in september . judge christopher parker , qc , told o'clee : ' you began to develop a complicated and absurd lie . ' all of which was a complete nonsense but it enabled you to lead a double life . ' bigamy is an offence against the institution of marriage , an institution founded on complete trust . this was simply a selfish act . ' to avoid detection , o'clee told michelle he had been placed in witness protection and had to live in a safe house as his life was in danger . she told the court : ' thinking back , as i do every single minute of every single day , i had no reason not to trust andrew . ' i was told he would have to be taken to a safe house with his colleagues for his and my own safety . ' he was taken to a safe house every night and i was n't allowed to know the location . ' i was told by him not to tell my family or friends . i became paranoid and constantly fearful for my safety . ' looking back i feel completely stupid and naive for not thinking something was wrong . i believed my life was in danger . ' michelle went into labour 18 months after he began his safe-house lie . the bigamist married his second wife in august 2013 , pictured is philippa 's facebook page with a photograph from their wedding . the bigamist has since deleted his facebook page and removed the incriminating ice bucket challenge video . but o'clee took five hours to turn up – and then cut the umbilical cord before saying he had to leave with police . she added : ' the day i found out about the bigamy was the day my world fell apart and the violent betrayal unfolded . bigamy is a crime under section 57 of the offences against the person act 1861 . if someone is caught entering into another marriage whilst still being legally married and is convicted on indictment , they could face a fine or a jail term of up to seven years . a custodial sentence can be ordered when one party has been deceived and suffered injury or if the offence has been committed for money to evade immigration . ' to add insult to injury he instructed me to take a paternity test . ' defending , patrick duffy said o'clee – who worked for business services provider iss – has ' abandonment issues ' because his parents split when he was 15 . he said second wife philippa planned to continue her relationship with him and wished ' to draw a line under this and get on with her life ' . o'clee admitted to one count of bigamy and is expected to serve half of his sentence in custody . michelle is currently staying with her sister jasmine agbulus and her partner sean in a house in lancashire and refused to comment about her two-timing husband . she used to live in a rented flat in ealing , west london , with o'clee and the landlord became so suspicious of his behaviour that he hired a private investigator to check on the pair . o'clee told michelle he was in witness protection as his life was in danger and then moved into a new house in chiddingfold , surrey , ( pictured ) with philippa . his illegal wedding to philippa took place in st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex , in 2013 . the owners were alerted to the fact that nobody was living in the flat when neighbours complained about a foul smell coming from the property - which turned out to be rotting food in the fridge . a spokesperson for the letting agents said : ' i 'm glad that he 's been caught out . we knew there was something strange going on . ' the fact he did n't want us speaking to his wife was very weird . ' we got in touch with philippa and she said , ' yes that 's my husband ' but she knew nothing about the flat . ' he called us and said , ' do n't speak to philippa anymore it 's a sensitive matter . ' o'clee cleared out all their belongings , including his old army uniforms , from the flat in october last year , according to the spokesman . neighbours living at the block of flats in ealing said they remember michelle , as well as her ' energetic ' husband . one neighbour said : ' yes i heard he had multiple wives . he was always on the go and very energetic . ' another added : ' michelle used to live here . she would always say hi when i saw her in the street . it 's awful what he did to her . ' o'clee and philippa celebrated their wedding reception at russets country house , near their surrey home .