john carver has labelled moussa sissoko 's reckless lunge on lucas as ' indefensible ' as the newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain . the midfielder was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at liverpool sunday night , but he could 've seen a straight red after he caught lucas on the ankle . the defeat was newcastle 's fifth in succession and left them with work still to do to ensure they do not get pulled into the relegation battle . moussa sissoko lunges in and makes a terrible tackle on liverpool midfielder lucas . the 25-year-old was sent off for a second bookable offence during newcastle 's defeat at anfield . carver admitted sissoko could easily have been shown a straight red , pulling no punches . he said : ' the sending off , it could have been a straight red , i will be honest . i have said that to moussa , i am quite straight and i wo n't defend anyone if it is indefensible . ' asked if sissoko could be fined , carver said : ' i am sure there will be some kind of disciplinary procedure . i said before the game we needed to keep 11 players . ' lucas goes down in pain after sissoko 's nasty challenge at anfield on monday night . newcastle manager john carver labelled sissoko 's tackle as ' indefensible ' . while carver did not complain about that decision , he was angry that ayoze perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by dejan lovren . he said : ' the game hinged on a huge decision . i do n't want to be seen to be a moaner but it is fact we do n't get big decisions for whatever reasons , it could be me . i have spoken to the referee , but it does n't help me . ' carver did see reason for some optimism , feeling that his side 's performance was much improved from their derby loss to sunderland last time out . sissoko is given his marching orders by referee lee mason after picking up two yellow cards . he said : ' i thought the first nine minutes we were very tentative , nervous after our performance against sunderland . it was a bad goal to concede . ' after that we grew into the game . it is easy to crumble at anfield but we did n't . one or two guys rolled their sleeves up . ' i think we got a response . we did n't get a result but i saw enough . ' there are lot of positives to take from the game . a lot of people expected us to get a hiding and i think we held our own for the majority of the game . '