a nebraska man has found an innovative way to make his craigslist ad stand out by shooting a commercial for the car he is trying to sell . django greenblatt-seay , 33 , said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 , because he thought it would help spike people 's interest . ' while the 2002 ford taurus is a fine car , it 's not exactly exciting with just a couple of photos on craigslist on its own , ' he told the daily mail online . ' i thought i would add a little flair to it , plus i was bored on a sunday . ' django greenblatt-seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $ 3,000 . greenblatt-seay used a drone to film this cinematic overhead shot at hummel park in omaha , nebraska . the video begins from far overhead , showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at hummel park in omaha , nebraska . greenblatt-seay used his drone , a dji inspire 1 model , to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car 's tires , headlights , dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial . perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial . in the video , greenblatt-seay sometimes interjects the audio with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to his 2002-model car . ' this is ford taurus the sensation ( used ) car that 's getting all the rave reviews , ' the booming announcer 's voice begins as greenblatt-seay interrupts . ' for its design innovations , its high technology , the way it handles and rides , ' it continues . ' if you have n't driven taurus , see your ( craigslist ad ) right away , ' the commercial ends , replacing ' ford dealer ' to advertise greenblatt-seay 's post , before the final line : ' he 's got one now , with your name on it ' . greenblatt-seay said he picked the 1987 ad because it made his girlfriend cora ( pictured together ) laugh the hardest . the ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial , which greenblatt-seay sometimes interjects with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to the 2002 car . greenblatt-seay , who shot the ad over the weekend and posted it on monday , said he first got the idea to make a commercial for his car after seeing another person do a well-done ad for their nissan ultima . but he said he did n't want to ' completely rip off that guy 's idea ' , so he decided to put his own spin on the concept by searching for ford taurus commercials on youtube . greenblatt-seay said he picked the 1987 ad because it made his girlfriend cora laugh the hardest . cora gave greenblatt-seay the ford taurus , one of his two vehicles , in exchange for a 2008 suzuki so that he could sell the car and use the money to buy an ' adventure van ' . greenblatt-seay , who works as the manager of video communications at the union pacific railroad , is hoping to use the van to go on trips and pursue one of his major passions , taking time lapse videos of the night sky . greenblatt-seay , whose day job is video manager at union pacific railroad , is hoping to sell the car so he can afford a van . his side passion is taking road trips to make time lapse videos of the night sky in national parks . greenblatt-seay shot the ad over the weekend and posted it to his craigslist ad on monday .