a lost photograph showing a woman killed by the tornado that leveled an illinois village last week was found 35 miles away after being carried there by the storm . the image - showing geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of harvard , 35 miles away . it showed her alongside her husband clem schultz , 84 , and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory . lost and found : a 1980 photograph , left , showing geraldine schultz with her husband clem , was returned to the family after being found 35 miles away . mrs schultz , pictured right more recently , died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in fairdale , illinois , last week . storm : a tornado obliterated the schultz family home , and caused a collapse which killed geraldine schultz and also injured her husband , clem . going the distance : harvard resident alyssa murray found the photograph in the wake of the powerful storm , which also killed another fairdale woman in her 60s . using a facebook group set up to reunite owners and their property , murray posted a picture of the photograph , which eventually led to it being claimed . the photograph provided some comfort to the family , who were left with the arduous task of clearing up the wreckage of their home , one of around 20 wiped out by the fierce winds . clem schultz was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived because he had gone upstairs to fetch a lantern . destruction : this aerial photograph shows the trail of chaos left by the tornado , which cut a path straight through the small down of fairdale . reunion : widower clem schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog missy after she was spotted wandering . speaking to the chicago tribune , he said the couple thought the tornado would not hit fairdale , so was most concerned with getting a source of light in case the electricity cut out . when the winds struck he felt the house collapse underneath him - and by the time he made it out , his wife had been killed . he said : ' i felt the house shudder and move and i got buried in rubble . when it was all over , i dug myself out and saw people walking in the streets and i heard propane hissing from the tanks . ' schultz said he checked his wife 's pulse after finding her body , but knew she was dead . he also lost his dog , missy , in the tornado . but she was spotted by an electrical worker driving through the countryside and was returned to the family . debris : this restaurant sign was found near harvard , illinois - some 50 miles from its home in rochelle . wrecked : pictured above are the remains of the grubsteaker 's restaurant in rochelle , where the sign originated . other items posted online have made it even farther afield . a family photograph traveled 70 miles - and over the state line - to wind up in racine , wisconsin . a fairdale town sign made it 28 miles to land between the towns of belvidere and harvard , while a sign from the grubsteakers family restaurant in rochelle was carried around 50 miles to a field near harvard . the restaurant was badly hit in the storm , and customers sheltering in its basement were trapped for almost an hour when debris collapsed on top of the basement entrance .