qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium , a 40,000-seater ground built in ' the gateway to the desert ' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans . the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius , while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium , the 40,000-seater al rayyan stadium . the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based firms . the stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the world cup in qatar in 2022 . al rayyan will hold matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament and after the world cup its capacity will be almost halved to 21,000 seats , with the removable upper tier sent to developing nations . the new stadium , set to be completed in the early months of 2019 , now has a more traditional look than the previously-mooted design which featured a huge screen referred to as a ' digital skin ' . sitting on the site of a now-deconstructed ground , al rayyan 's facade includes seven patterns representing different aspects of qatari culture which designers say ' blend together to tell the story of a nation ' . a mosque , aquatics centre , athletics track , cricket pitch , tennis courts and a hockey pitch are being built nearby , along with a new medical centre and the already-planned mall of qatar . a mosque , aquatics centre , athletics track , cricket pitch , tennis courts and hockey pitch are being built . the stadium , set to be completed in the early months of 2019 , now has a more traditional look than mooted . at the unveiling of the new stadium in qatar , viewers look over the site of the new stadium and the plans . hassan al thawadi , secretary general of the supreme committee , said : ' unveiling the design of al rayyan stadium is another important step forward in our preparations to host the 2022 fifa world cup . ' we will continue to work tirelessly as our vision for the tournament takes shape on the ground . ' as one of the most successful and widely-supported clubs in qatar , al rayyan has always played an important part in our hosting plans . hassan al thawadi , secretary general of the supreme committee said this was another step forward . al tahwadi added : ' we are very confident that this impressively designed stadium will become a landmark ' . ' we are very confident that this impressively designed stadium and precinct will become a landmark for the al rayyan area and benefit the entire community . ' qatar 's original world cup bid featured 12 stadiums , but that figure is expected to be dropped to the minimum requirement of eight with a final decision to be made by fifa this year . plans for four other stadiums have been revealed so far : in al khor , al wakrah , the aspire zone and qatar foundation . the al rayyan stadium is shown from the side - it is expected to be completed in the early months of 2019 .