just days before she is due to wear a big white dress , kim sears has been making black her colour of choice . the bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé andy murray yesterday as he battled novak djokovic in the men 's final at the miami open , in an outfit almost identical to two others she wore during the tournament . the 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on april 11 . scroll down for video . kim sears wore a somber expression as she saw her husband-to-be andy murray lose to novak djokovic in yesterday 's men 's final at the miami open crandon park tennis center in key biscayne , florida . high-street loving kim opted for one of her go-to brands , whistles for the v-neck , short-sleeved dress , which comes in at £110 . kim accompanied her sophisticated dress with a sombre expression as she witnessed djokovic beat andy again , taking home his fifth miami open title in key biscayne , making her black outfit a fitting choice . however this was not the first time kim had opted for the dark colour while topping up her wedding tan . on april 3 kim watched murray , 27 , beat tomas berdych of the czech republic in their semi-final match in a high necked black mini dress accompanied with her trusty ray-ban glasses and straw hat . and on 31 march kim showcased her golden glow and a glowing smile in an asos off-the-shoulder dress as she witnessed andy murray play against south african kevin anderson in their fourth round match . despite yesterday 's defeat andy and kim are sure to have their smiles back soon as the will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral on april 11 and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his cromlix house hotel , near the perthshire town where he grew up . the 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the men 's final of the miami open . kim chose a zip front dress costing £110 from one of her high street favourites whistles on april 5 . for the 27-year-old’s many fans and friends in the town , it means at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . it is understood local residents and businesses urged the former wimbledon champion to hold the april 11 service at the cathedral rather than at cromlix house in nearby kinbuck – so they too could toast his big day . the 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at cromlix , which seats only 28 . thousands are expected to line dunblane high street on the day . murray’s uncle niall erskine said : ‘i’m sure it will be a popular decision , as he’s had so much support from the people of dunblane in the past . hopefully kim will cheer up soon as she is due to marry andy murray next week on april 11 . andy murray was defeated by long-term rival novak djokovic who took home his fifth miami open title . ‘ andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to dunblane . i’m sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day . ’ the cathedral’s minister , the rev colin renwick , said : ‘ i can’t confirm anything as we have a strict rule that we can not discuss anyone’s wedding . ‘ wherever the wedding will be , there is excitement because there is a great deal of affection for andy in dunblane and a great deal of pride in him . i think people are genuinely very pleased for him . ’ the couple announced their engagement in november after nine years together . murray has said he may have three best men ; his brother jamie and friends ross hutchins and carlos mier . it is believed miss sears will have four bridesmaids . kim opted for a very similar outfit on day nine of the miami open pairing her favourite straw hat and sunglasses with an asos off-the-shoulder mini dress . and on april 3 kim was seen in her favourite ensemble once more as she watched her husband-to-be defeat tomas berdych of the czech republic in the semi-finals .  