as the pictures surfaced of gwyneth paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband chris martin earlier today , jaws dropped at the actress 's super-toned figure . the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever . scroll down for video . gwyneth paltrow on holiday with chris martin in puerto vallarta , mexico , last month . marysia broadway bikini top . check out the brand at revolve . visit site . gwyneth paltrow shows her enviable beach bod in a marysia scallop edged black teeny bikini . when you work so hard for such results , you 'd do the same . marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer marysia dobrzanska reeves in 2009 . she 's quickly gained a cult following with celebs like lupita nyong’o and rachel bilson spotted wearing her feminine and whimsical pieces . throw on a pair of sheer the row palazzo pants and we envision you walking on the boardwalk of monaco or south hamptons ' main street . the black bikini is a classic must-have item in every woman 's wardrobe and will be a timeless investment . the scalloped detail is something we ca n't say no to since it 's just the perfect amount of girlishness and minimalism . goop and us totally approve . check out revolve ( right ) for more of marysia styles or if you 're looking for something more affordable , we 've got you covered in all the right places with our edit below . victoria 's secret scalloped bikini top . visit site . aquascutum bikini from yoox.com . visit site . marysia evil bikini at net a porter . visit site . topshop black triangle bikini top . visit site . kore swim pax nylon blend bikini top from fwd.com . visit site . while the onset of middle age used to happen as soon as a '4 ' was added to the front of your yearly tally , nowadays , stars are proving that they can still turn heads in skimpy swimwear . celebrities including halle berry , gwen stefani , cindy crawford and naomi campbell all have figures that would n't look out of place on a 25 year old . these women all pay a high price for their svelte frames though , with nights on the wine with girlfriends and a takeaway pizza on a friday evening unlikely to feature on their to do list . femail has rounded up some of the best bikini bodies in hollywood ... gwen stefani , 45 , shows no sign of being a mother of three . heidi klum is 41 but has the body of a 25 year old . jennifer lopez , 45 , shows off her toned figure on holiday . sofía vergara , 42 , has a very toned figure , although her tan lines would have ended up looking very odd after this day at the beach . halle berry,48 , has a figure that defies the laws of biology . cindy crawford , 48 , ( left ) and courteney cox , 50 , ( right ) can both rock a skimpy bikini . jada pinkett smith , 43 , could make women half her age green with envy . naomi campbell , 44 , ( left ) still has a supermodel figure , while heather graham , 45 , ( right ) looks just as she did in the 1997 film boogie nights . baywatch star carmen electra , 42 , still looks as at home on the beach as she did 20 years ago . helena christensen , 46 , can still pull off a string bikini that many women in their twenties would struggle with . 