they all look heart-breakingly gorgeous and the perfect pets – but this menagerie of cute animals are all unwanted and some have endured horrendous cruelty . but now , thanks to amanda holden , the rspca and , just possibly , you , many of these long-suffering animals could be given happy new homes . the britain’s got talent judge is presenting a new series on itv which will highlight the plight of the animals arriving at the rspca’s newbrook farm animal centre in birmingham . animal lover : amanda holden will host the new show on itv highlighting plight of rspca centre in birmingham . on give a pet a home , amanda and her co-stars – including loose women’s coleen nolan , olympic gold medallist denise lewis and former pussycat dolls singer kimberly wyatt – will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured . speaking to the mail on sunday , amanda said : ‘ as brits , we are the land of the underdog and the land of pets . i think we really appreciate the loyalty and love animals give back . ‘it’s only a small minority of people who mistreat animals , whereas the majority will watch the show and think they can give something back by giving a pet a home . perry , the black and white cat , is six , like curling up in a lap and being groomed but dislikes too much noise . darcy , the female degu , likes playing with jingly balls and chewy toys but does n't like being on her own . homeless : rocky , a greyhound , one , has only been at the centre for a month . he can be a little shy but likes living with other dogs . it’s not just cats and dogs – it’s horses , ferrets , rabbits , guinea pigs , birds , anything , really and you’ll see how the rspca operates from the ground up . ‘ i hope that every week we’ll find lots of homes for otherwise unwanted animals . ’ amanda has a yorkshire terrier/jack russell cross called rudie , and a siberian fluffball cat , muffy , and admits she loves her pets and gives them the full run of the house . she said : ‘ when i’m on the loo , i have the children , the cat and the dog in with me chatting away . ’ given the boot : fern is a two-year-old black gerbil who likes lots of handling , playing with toys and her tunnels . she has been at the centre since last july . her aim for the show is to inspire families to share her love of furry animals and to adopt one as a pet . viewers interested in adopting a pet can apply on the itv.com website after each show . applications will be sifted and those offering the best matches will be vetted by the rspca . successful applicants will be featured on the following week 's show . she said : ‘ although there will be some tear-jerking stories along the way , we’re also going to have a lot of fun watching the celebrities get stuck in . we want to unite as many pets as we can with new owners . ’ amanda has two daughters lexi , nine , and hollie , three , with record producer husband chris hughes , and has shared her love of animals with her family . ‘ the only downside of doing this job is that it’s going to be very hard for me not to take the animals home , ’ she says . loving : petal is a ginger and white dwarf lop rabbit , aged one , that would be happy living in a house but is quite wriggly to handle . buster , right , is a brindle and white staffordshire bull terrier , eight , who loves his lower back tickling but is not so keen on other dogs . companions : ailsa and anna are two female gerbils who need to be kept together . they are very sociable , good with children and enjoy being handled . the presenters have been trained as rspca volunteers and will take part in chores and witness emergency calls and rescues . the six-week itv series begins on wednesday , april 15 at 8pm . 