if you 've always dreamed of seeing penguins in antarctica or tracking the siberian tiger in russia - but gorilla trekking in rwanda and spotting grizzlies in alaska also feature on your to do list , this could be the safari for you . but before you don your khakis , you 'll need a whopping £176,000 going spare to take part . the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . scroll down for video . the adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . to mark its 10th anniversary , natural world safaris has launched a new series of ‘ ultimate safari’ adventures . divided into four areas : primates , bears , big cats and marine life , the safari can be taken separately , but also as an epic world tour over 203 days , taking in 21 destinations . on each ‘ ultimate safari’ , guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary , taking them through africa , asia and the indian subcontinent to the polar regions and latin america for rare wildlife encounters . each safari can be split into separate legs , or completed in one journey . they will be accompanied by expert guides , optimising the visitors encounters with wildlife , ensuring they are in the right place at the right time . the ultimate bear safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in arctic canada , the arctic circle , alaska and british columbia . the rarest animal that guests can hope to see is the critically endangered siberian tiger in russia . with a population currently stabilised at under 400 , sightings in the wild are extremely rare as siberian tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies . accommodation ranges from pure luxury such as shangri- la rasa ria , a large resort with its own orang-utan sanctuary , to basic cabins in russia’s durminskoye forest reserve , the best place to experience the habitat of the elusive siberian tiger . they can spend nights in eco lodges like the domes at patagonia eco camp in chile , and aboard ships such as the ms malmo , a maritime vessel with heritage listing and the jaguar house boat moored on the north side of taima island , one of the best places in the world to see jaguars in the wild . bears . destinations visited : arctic canada , churchill ( canada ) , svalbard , alaska , bella coola ( canada ) , great bear rainforest ( canada ) . duration : 45 days . cost : from £45,000 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . see : polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit ( kermode ) bears . big cats . destinations visited : brazil , chile , south africa , tanzania , kenya , sri lanka , india . duration : 62 days . cost : from £45,000 including all international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . see : jaguars , pumas , leopards , cheetahs , snow leopards , tigers , asiatic leopards , asiatic lions , bengal tigers and siberian tigers . primates . destinations visited : tanzania , rwanda , republic of congo , madagascar , borneo , sumatra . duration : 39 days . cost : from £35,000 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . see : chimpanzees , mountain gorillas , lowland gorillas , lemurs , bornean orangutans and sumatran orangutans . marine animals . destinations visited : antarctica , galapagos islands , iceland , sri lanka , arctic canada , south africa , svalbard . duration : 57 days . cost : from £51,500 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . see : humpback whales , sea lions , marine iguanas , galapagos penguins , killer whales , blue whales , narwhal , beluga whales , polar bears , dolphins , sharks , sardine shoals , sea turtles and more . total : price £176,000 . destinations 21 . total days- 203 . www.naturalworldsafaris.com . for those with a budget weighty enough to take on the whole 201 day extravaganza , there would be some overlap in terms of destinations , for example- tours to svalbard appear on both the marine safari , for narwhals , and the bear safari , for polar bears . so the option of dividing it up may be appealing . the big cat section takes intrepid nature fans to ten different locations , starting in latin america to track pumas and jaguars , before heading off to africa for cheetahs , lions and leopards . guests will then visit asia for asian leopards , asiatic lions , snow leopards and tigers , before finishing in russia looking for the biggest cat of them all , the siberian tiger . the asiatic lion ( left ) and the bengal tiger ( right ) are just two of the big cats safari participants can expect to see on their travels . the countries that will be visited are brazil , chile , south africa , tanzania , kenya , sri lanka , india and russia . as a separate trip , the 62 day ultimate big cat safari starts from £45,000 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . primate enthusiasts can travel from africa to asia in search of mountain gorillas in rwanda and lemurs in madagascar to orang-utans in borneo . the 39 day trip takes in tanzania , rwanda , republic of congo , madagascar , borneo and sumatra . the ultimate bear safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in arctic canada , the arctic circle , alaska and british columbia . the-45 day trip starts from £45,000 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . meanwhile , marine animal fans can meet penguins and whales in antarctica , sea lions and turtles in galapagos , venture to iceland to see killer whales and arctic canada for narwhals , dolphins and sharks in south africa , and the mighty blue whales off sri lanka . the 57 day ultimate marine safari starts from £51,500 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . a bald eagle hunts for fish in alaska . with a wing span of up to 7.5 feet , the species is found only in north america . accommodation ranges from pure luxury at the shangri-la rasa ria in malaysia to basic tents at the arctic safari camp in arctic canada . a grizzly bear with his catch . the 45 day ultimate bear safari starts from £45,000 per person . guests will be accompanied by guides , optimising the visitors encounters with wildlife , ensuring they are in the right place at the right time . divided into four areas : primates , bears , big cats and marine life , the safari can be done as an epic world tour over 203 days . from scowling jaguars to splashing polar bears , the ultimate safari is every wildlife lover 's dream holiday , yours for £176,000 . guests can camping on the edge of the ice floe in arctic canada heading out each day with your local inuit guides to track the polar bears . a verreaux 's sifaka carrying her baby , in berenty , madagascar , where there are over a hundred species of lemur - all endemic to the island . each safari can be split into separate legs , or completed in one journey . pictured , a chimpanzee takes time to reflect . stay in eco lodges in chile , aboard ships such as the ms malmo and the luxury tents at greystoke mahale , in tanzania . the anjajavy lodge in madagascar is one of the most luxurious properties found on the island and can only be reached via private airstrip . fancy a dip with a blue whale ? you can swim with them in sri lanka as well as seeing dolphins , turtles , pilot whales and sperm whales . 