despite the continued rumours about his future at manchester united , radamel falcao seems unperturbed . falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at old trafford , and has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time . but the colombian striker seemed to be coping better after the international break , enjoying an evening out in alderley edge on thursday , before picking up his £100,000 porsche panamera from a waitrose car park . radamel falcao gets into his £100,000 car after a meal in alderley edge with a friend on thursday . the manchester united striker will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season . falcao scored a penalty against kuwait on monday , his third goal for his country in two games . falcao has only scored four goals since signing for manchester united but found his form again with three goals in two games for his country . the player has admitted he does not know whether he will be staying at old trafford next season , but claims he ' has faith ' that he can remain at the club if he gets the playing time to prove himself . ' i have faith about that and when the season finishes i am going to sit down and think about my future and what is the best for my career , ' he said after scoring against kuwait on monday . ' i think when i score it 's always important and that gives me confidence , ' he added . ' i said before , i need minutes , i need to play games in a row and here in the national team i have had the opportunity . i gave my best and i scored and i now return to manchester with more confidence . falcao has only scored four goals for united this season but managed three this for his country in two games . falcao had admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at old trafford but wants to stay in england . ' we have the last eight games , i will give my best to have the chance to play as many minutes as possible . ' i have said before i need to play , i need minutes and i am confident about me , about my fitness . i am confident . ' falcao 's former club river plate are among those who have expressed an interest in signing the on-loan monaco forward if he decides to leave . ' we dream of falcao garcia , ' said vice-president matias patanian . the doors are open . ' the colombian ( left ) celebrates with his international team-mates during the 3-1 win over kuwait . the striker 's former club , river plate , said they would love to sign him again but it would be complicated .