manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football , according to west ham boss sam allardyce . city entertain the hammers at the etihad stadium on sunday with speculation over pellegrini’s future mounting after a difficult season and a run of six defeats in their last eight games . but allardyce believes the pressure of going for back-to-back barclays premier league titles , plus the introduction of financial fair play ( ffp ) rules , have made the chilean’s job the hardest in world football . manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has come under fire following their title race capitulation . west ham united manager sam allardyce believes pellegrini has the most difficult job in football . ‘ the hardest thing to do in the game is win the title back-to-back , ’ allardyce said . ‘it’s hard enough winning it in the first place but going back-to-back has always been that bit more difficult . ‘ on the basis of a lot of the conversations i’ve had with sir alex ( ferguson ) over the years in terms of the motivation of the squad , the hardest part of the job is the season after , to try and do back-to-back victories in a very difficult league . ‘they’ve found it difficult to raise themselves to that level again consistently . ’ uefa imposed a £49million fine on city as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new ffp rules , and allardyce says the potential sanctions put even more pressure on managers . the champions spent a combined £44m on porto pair eliaquim mangala and fernando last summer in a move that has been largely unsuccessful – talk that has brought more scrutiny on pellegrini . ‘ everybody will look at what financial fair play is going to bring to us in the next few years , ’ allardyce said . ‘that’s halting their spending power . ‘ we all have to get a bit more shrewd with our spending and the players that we bring in and make fewer mistakes now than ever before because of that financial restriction . the £44m spent on porto pair eliaquim mangala and fernando last summer has been less than successful . dejected manchester city players look on as they are dealt yet another blow in their hunt for the league title . ‘you’ve got to move players out to create funds to help you bring players in and that has obviously made life and the job a little bit more difficult that it was before . ’ asked whether he city should stick with pellegrini , allardyce said : ‘ yeah , i do . if he’s proven himself last year , in his first year , then maybe the owners will stick with him and revamp the squad rather than changing him . that’s the way forward . ‘ but my only concern is us trying to make life very difficult for them on sunday and to continue trying to win . ’ west ham are without diafra sakho on sunday with a thigh injury , but allardyce said he could make it back before the end of the season after it was initially feared he would miss the rest of the campaign . west ham united striker diafra sakho limped out of the draw against stoke city last weekend .