samantha says she thinks she 's ' fabulous ' . i sprung out of bed this morning and examined myself in the full-length bedroom mirror , and i can honestly say that there’s never a day when i would rather be someone else . the woman looking back at me ? she’s gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! quite simply , i adore who i am – inside and out . i’m no narcissist – i’m perfectly aware i have flaws , but they’re deliciously wrapped up in the very unique moi . i’ve grown to love my nose that tilts ever so slightly to the right , my hourglass figure that boasts slightly-too-large hips , and my green-sometimes-grey eyes . i’m a size 10 , but even so i could do with dropping 10lbs . but as long as i don’t mind , who cares ? which is why i’m utterly peeved about dove 's latest campaign results . how humiliating to film women in a public place ‘choosing’ to walk through a door marked either ‘beautiful’ or ‘average’ . talk about putting the meeker sex on the spot . it 's hardly a big surprise the survey discovered 96 per cent of women chose the ' average ' option . from my experience , most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that not only are they good-looking , but they’re also ( whisper it ) beautiful . why is this ? numerous university studies have been carried out ( i know this because their authors send them to me ) and they have all come up with the same conclusion – it’s self-protection . if women don’t fit in with their ( usually older , fatter , less attractive ) female peers , then those who are good-looking won’t get hired for jobs by the fairer sex ; their careers will stall if their boss is female and they’ll routinely receive their p45 for nothing more heinous than boasting a lovely smile . and this is what really exasperates me : it isn’t society that won’t let us admit that we’re beautiful – it’s the very same members of our own sex who hold us back . even though i’m an un-botoxed , un-surgically enhanced 44-year-old , i would have marched through the entrance marked beautiful without giving it a second thought . i’m extremely comfortable in my skin . haters : samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying ' i 'm beautiful ' . this confidence annoys the heck out of other women . you might have read what i’ve written about this problem , in an article published in april 2012 . it received almost 5,000 comments online and suddenly i was a global name . the earth turned on its axis as one woman - me - was up for admitting : ‘ i like how i look and other women have a problem with it . ’ since then i’ve been ridiculed , received death threats , told i’m off my rocker . just last week i received yet another email from a woman titled ‘ please read me’ which went on at length to tell me i was ‘ an arrogant , cocky woman’ . little wonder only four per cent of women were brave enough to walk through a door marked ' beautiful ' in the dove campaign . critical : samantha claims dove 's campaign works because it exploits our need to act modestly . my personal take on this experiment is devastatingly simple : we’d rather fit in and humiliate ourselves by claiming to be average than give our fellow ' fairer ' sex any more ammunition than we 've got already against each other . my view is supported by the thousands of emails i’ve received over the years from women routinely humiliated , bullied and singled out by their female peers for daring to think they look good . the emails depressingly cover the same ground wherever they live in the world . whether they’re teenagers at school in the us , middle-aged mums in australia or women in the workplace in the uk : if they rate themselves , display confidence , or dare to say they look good they get bullied or socially ostracised . a recent plea from a young women in how to deal with her critics was this : ‘ i have just looked up your article , it’s my life in black and white . i tried dressing down , not wearing too much make up , unfashionable clothes and flat shoes . reaching out : samantha receives letters from teens who get bullied for being beautiful . ' i am confident and friendly , men open doors for me , they are polite . but some women are awful to me as a result of it . ' i am fed up with it , angry about it , annoyed with it . i feel like a complete nothing and nobody ; maybe that’s what i should be to be accepted . ’ another woman was banned by her mean-minded ( older ) female boss for wearing heels to work : they were a ‘ health hazard’ . what health and safety offense could she cause wearing stilettos while working as a receptionist ? the mind boggles . how awful that these women are treated this way . it 's little wonder so many of the fairer sex refuse to acknowledge that they are good-looking , which is ironic because so many do it in private – behind the anonymity of social media . we know how to photograph ourselves well thanks to selfies and social media sites such as instagram . we can iron out wrinkles , banish zits , magically award ourselves a thigh gap or hip dip . in the dove campaign , women were asked to choose between a door marked ' beautiful ' or ' average ' . yet to admit to the world ‘ yeah , i look good’ means we risk incurring the wrath of other women . we have to be display modesty at all times - which is why dove 's campaign works brilliantly . i’m not some superior type a female who doesn’t recognise that there are some who don’t feel happy about themselves . yet such feelings of low self-esteem seem to go hand in hand with the desire to criticise and target others in order to restore an illusion of self worth . any female trolls ousted usually blame their behaviour on a crisis of confidence . ironically , they are the only ones who can help themselves - but picking on others is n't the way to go about it . in 2015 , we desperately need a seismic shift in female societal thinking so that women can say loud and proud that they’re beautiful - and not fear reprisals . otherwise cynical advertising campaigns - in a bid to flog toiletries - will continue to exploit us just like this one has ' beautifully ' done .