muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court , britain 's most senior judge has suggested . lord neuberger , the president of the supreme court , said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should ' show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs . he said judges should be ' sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ' more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them and they should have an understanding of the ' different cultural and social habits ' . lord neuberger said britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ' subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society . his address to the criminal justice alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of muslim traditional dress in the legal system . following a controversial trial in 2003 of a muslim woman accused of witness intimidation , lord chief justice lord thomas said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue . rebekah dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying . the 22-year-old was later sentenced to six months in prison at blackfriars crown court after changing her plea . rebekah dawson refused to give evidence after being told she had to remove her face veil to let the jury see her face while testifying . here she pictured during her court hearing . last year , the european court of human rights upheld a ban by france on wearing the muslim full-face veil , the niqab . a case was brought by a 24-year-old french woman , who argued that the ban on wearing the veil in public violated her freedom of religion and expression . in lord neuberger 's address , he said judges and lawyers often failed to recognise how ' artificial and intimidating ' courts could be for ordinary people . he said : ' i sometimes wonder whether our trial procedures really are the best way of getting at the truth . ' would you feel that you had given of your best if you had been forced to give evidence in unfamiliar surroundings , with lots of strangers watching , in an intimidating court , with lawyers in funny clothes asking questions , often aggressively and trying to catch you out , and with no ability to tell the story as you remember it ? ' dawson was later sentenced to six months in prison at blackfriars crown court ( pictured ) . he said this did not mean a call for a major overhaul of court proceedings but said judges , lawyers and court staff must do as much as possible to help people feel at ease in court . he continued : ' judges have to show , and have to be seen to show , respect to everybody equally , and that requires an understanding of different cultural and social habits . ' it is necessary to have some understanding as to how people from different cultural , social , religious or other backgrounds think and behave and how they expect others to behave . ' well known examples include how some religions consider it inappropriate to take the oath , how some people consider it rude to look other people in the eye , how some women find it inappropriate to appear in public with their face uncovered , and how some people deem it inappropriate to confront others or to be confronted – for instance with an outright denial . lord neuberger also suggested muslim women should be allowed to wear a full face veil while appearing in court . ' more broadly , judges should be courteous and , generally , good-humoured ; and , while they should be firm , they should never , however great the temptation , lose their temper . ' the judge made the comments a week ago during an address to the criminal justice alliance , in which he spoke of modern aspects of the british legal system . in a lengthy speech entitled ' fairness in the courts : the best we can do ' , lord neuberger also said judges and lawyers should always keep in mind how ' intimidating ' the court process can be for those involved in trials , including ' the parties , their families , the victims , the witnesses and the jurors ' . speaking in the context of legal aid cuts , he said the importance of ensuring all parties involved in a case understand the goings-on in a court is now greater because ' people are having to choose between representing themselves or not getting justice at all ' . he also said : ' judges may not appear to be neutral because they will almost always be seen , normally rightly , to come from a more privileged sector of society , in both economic and educational terms , compared with many of the parties , witnesses , jurors in court . ' a white male public school judge presiding in a trial of an unemployed traveller from eastern europe accused of assaulting or robbing a white female public school woman will , i hope , always be unbiased . ' however , he should always think to himself what his subconscious may be thinking or how it may be causing him to act . ' keith porteous wood , executive director of the national secular society , told the daily telegraph : ' lord neuberger understandably recommends judges understand the expectations of how those ' from different cultural , social , religious or other backgrounds think and behave and how they expect others to behave ' and that the judiciary should show ' respect to everybody equally ' . ' it was a missed opportunity , however , not to acknowledge that occasionally – for example on a defendant wearing a full face veil – doing so might conflict with justice being seen to be done , or even justice being done . ' my concern is not theoretical ; it is now 18 months since a judge at blackfriars magistrate court wasted a great deal of court time dealing with the question of full-face veils , and made a heartfelt plea for central guidance to avoid this inefficient use of expensive court 's resources being replicated elsewhere . ' the lord chief justice 's office has been dealing with this for a long time but seems disappointingly reluctant to issue any direction . ' 