as the election race hots up , labour leader ed miliband is getting a small taste of what it might be like to be a member of one direction . a group of female fans , who 've dubbed themselves the ' milifans ' , are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the twitter hashtag # milifandom . the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician . led by twitter user @ twcuddleston , an as levels student by the name of abby , the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the labour leader . my heart belongs to ed ! the labour leader ( pictured in manchester yesterday ) has been the subject of a social media storm in recent days as a group of fans , mainly teenagers , have posted their affection for him under the # milifandom hashtag . behind the # milifandom hashtag is @ twcuddleston , an as level student who appears to be a genuine labour supporter . her tweets in support of ed have led to lots of other women posting tweets of affection for him . fearing a gaffe , the labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the milifans but did tweet back the teen behind it , @ twcuddleston . in her twitter profile , she describes herself as ' leader of the milifandom , a movement against the distorted media portrayal of ed . ' and even she is amazed at just how the hashtag has taken off , saying ' there are those in the milifandom , those who find the milifandom funny , and those who wonder how the hell ed miliband has a fandom . ' perhaps fearing a gaffe , the labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the milifans but did tweet the teen behind it , @ twcuddleston , saying ' hi abby - delighted that you 've joined labour - welcome . ' while abby seems to be a genuine labour supporter and a level-headed teen - she 's declined giving interviews in favour of revising for her upcoming exams , others seem to be more preoccupied with miliband 's physical appearance than his abilities to run the country . one user @ helen121 defended criticism of miliband , saying he 's ' not `` mouldy '' , he 's hot ! ' another , @ helenamelia_xox , said ' if i ever met ed miliband i actually would cry he 's so hot . ' admirer , ellie , also chimed in : ' this all started out as a joke but now i think i legitimately fancy ed miliband . ' one user @ helen121 defended criticism of miliband , saying he 's ' not `` mouldy '' , he 's hot ! ' another , @ helenamelia_xox , said ' if i ever met ed miliband i actually would cry he 's so hot ' . maybe one day : labour fan @ sophiephilips1 dreams that ed will visit her in the south west . teen angst : @ theurbanangel described her crush on ed miliband as ' painful ' . internet jokers have also got in on the act , posting mocked-up images of miliband as various heartthrobs . @ generalboles seems particularly adept at it and has morphed the opposition leader 's face onto a series of scenes from poldark , sherlock and fifty shades of grey amongst others . @ generalboles admitted to femail that he felt a little guilty about his photoshopping satire , saying : ' i 'm actually feeling quite guilty about jumping on the # milifandom thing . ' i 've been doing satirical political photoshops for a couple of years now and had a load of miliband ones already on file . ' unlikely heartthrob : images of the opposition leader looking sultry for a newspaper article have been shared by twitter users . in an attempt to make the labour leader look cool , twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men , including daniel craig as james bond in movie casino royale . ed milibond : dressed in a suave grey suit , the labour leader is superimposed on yet another photograph of secret agent , james bond . windswept : while tv viewers swooned over aidan turner 's poldark , ed miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings . not buying it : the drastic reworking of miliband comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures , including eating a bacon sandwich ( pictured here on the body of don draper , from mad men ) . he continues : ' this morning i saw a tweet by the young woman who i think originated # milifandom and it seems she was doing it because she supports labour and does n't like the way ed is portrayed . ' the twitter mischief-maker , who declined to reveal his real identity , said he 'd had over 1000 retweets of his images yesterday . while miliband may be revelling in a very different type of attention to what he 's used to , he 's keeping schtum on the subject so far although he has tweeted @ twcuddleston to thank her for her support of the labour party . fellow labour party members have noticed the hysteria though , with shadow justice secretary sadiq khan tweeting ' and i thought i was an @ ed_miliband fan… # milifandom . ' such adoration is a feeling that miliband may not have expected but now might be getting used to . ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party – and even let the bride on his tour bus for a private ' selfie ' . the bride-to-be 's sister , kathryn braithwaite , posted a picture of nicola and miliband on the campaign bus . just last week , the labour leader was mobbed by a screaming hen party - and even let the bride on his tour bus for a ' selfie ' . miliband was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends . one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i got a full on picture with him ' . she was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens , all wearing black dresses and pink sashes , who started yelling for him to come and meet them . the labour leader then appeared and high-fived a few of the women before they started chanting ' selfie ! selfie ! selfie ! ' and turned their backs on him for a group shot . one of the women was heard saying : ' hashtag ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before mr miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye . one of the women was heard saying : ' hashtag ed ' and the group erupted into giggles before mr miliband made his excuses and waved goodbye .