with its gritty blocks of flats , endless kebab shops and quirkily dressed locals , shoreditch , london 's hipster hub , might have been gentrified but it 's still the last place you would expect to find a royal . but that all changed last night when princess beatrice gave the area her seal of approval courtesy of a night spent partying at shoreditch house . the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend , virgin galactic 's dave clark , 31 , and looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . scroll down for video . looking good : princess beatrice cut a glamorous figure as she left shoreditch house . joseph a-line dress currently sold out . check out our alternatives below ! visit site . princess beatrice was spotted out on the town with her boyfriend last night in an all black outfit that she topped off with a grey cardigan . the 26 year old royal was in high spirits as she made her way through the paparazzi showcasing her leather dress that we are loving . even though the dress is covered up , it has been identified as the joseph a-line dress . a classic and chic alternative to a basic lbd with a round neck , seamed paneling and a zip to fasten at back . loves it ! we are all about versatility here at fashion finder hq , and this dress is inspiring so many outfits in our heads . unfortunately our future instagram selfies will not include this dress because it is sold out . but you are in luck , our team has found great alternatives below ! susana monaco nina lasercut faux leather dress at saks off fifth now $ 169 . visit site . missy skins iris leather dress at nasty gal . visit site . iris & ink candice leather dress at the outnet . visit site . lace and faux leather dress at neiman marcus last call ( was $ 99 now $ 24 ) . visit site . clearly enjoying the delights of east london , the princess was all smiles as she left the ultra-cool members ' club at 2am . despite its gritty location , shoreditch house is one of london 's coolest nightspots and boasts a starry celebrity following . set in a converted warehouse , it boasts several bars and restaurants , as well as a rooftop pool that becomes enormously popular in the summer months . nearby are other hipster favourites , among them the shoreditch box park , the ace hotel london and pizza east - all of which boast a hipster-heavy clientèle . going home alone : beatrice had been partying with boyfriend dave clark , 31 , but the pair left separately . elegant : beatrice looked similarly cool when she attended the opening of the v & a 's savage beauty exhibition . many of the locals work in fashion with london fashion week favourite erdem moralıoğlu among those living nearby . beatrice , who is based at clarence house in much-leafier west london , has been spending an increasing amount of time on the london fashion scene of late . most recently , she joined kate moss and the sartorial glitterati for the opening of the savage beauty exhibition at the v & a . as with last night , she plumped for a suitably fashion-forward black dress on that occasion , teaming it with a glamorous slick of red lipstick . but beatrice 's passion for fashion is n't without critics , with the princess having come under increasing fire of late for her perceived aversion to work . familiar sight : beatrice has become a familiar sight on the london fashion scene of late .