gone are the days when a few strategically-placed tissues was all you needed to give cleavage a boost - now japanese women are using ribbons . the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent . the idea was inspired by a popular ' anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature . scroll down for video . a trend in japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage . in the show , called is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon , heroine hestia is depicted with a cartoonish face and outsized eyes , her hair in long bunches that taper to her thighs . like her greek goddess namesake , she wears white - but that 's where the comparisons end . her frock is short , backless , with a plunging neckline and comes with matching white gloves . added to this is her distinctive blue ribbon , looped tightly around her pneumatic torso , and tied with the bow resting on her upper arm . the trend is inspired by the anime character hestia from is it wrong to try to pick up girls in a dungeon . the ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised . the trend has seen many japanese women uploading pictures of their successes online . but bizarrely hestia 's signature has taken off with the fans of the show . it has not only been picked up by cosplayers , who like to dress up as their favourite anime characters , but it has also been copied by ordinary girls who have been posting their own hestia-inspired images online . the trend has even extended to toys and collectable items , with some snaps showing dolls in a copycat costume , and even a lego figure designed to look remarkably like the anime character . while some women opt for a single loop around their chest and arms , others tie the ribbon once under their breasts and then around once again to rest on the upper arms to give cleavage a bigger boost when lifting their arms . fans have even created detailed diagrams on how best to tie the ribbon . both ordinary women and those who practice cosplay ( pictured ) have tried the trend . 