in an unprecedented move , russia has cancelled the release of a hollywood thriller set in the stalin era - claiming it distorts history and would air as the country celebrates its victory over nazi germany . the film , ' child 44 ' , starring tom hardy , vincent cassel and gary oldman , tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the stalin era . it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and was due to premiere in russia today . scroll down for video . russian authorities have cancelled the release of child 44 , starring gary oldman ( left ) and tom hardy . the hollywood blockbuster tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in stalin era russia . russia 's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany . russia 's culture ministry said the film 's distributors in russia , central partnership , had agreed to withdraw a request for a distribution licence after ministry officials viewed the film . ' films such as ' child 44 ' should not go out in our country on mass release , earning money from our cinema audiences , not in the year of the 70th anniversary of victory , not ever , ' culture minister vladimir medinsky wrote on the ministry 's website . the move to effectively ban a major mainstream hollywood film just a day before it was due to premiere is unprecedented . in recent years , russia has cracked down harshly on negative depictions of the soviet union during the stalin era , while criticism of those who fought in the second world war is taboo . the culture ministry accused the film of ' distortion of historical facts and the idiosyncratic treatment of events before , during and after ' the war . the film is set in 1952 , a year before stalin 's death , and features a maverick investigator seeking a serial killer , while hindered by official attitudes that such murders are not possible in the soviet union . culture minister vladimir medinsky ( pictured ) condemned the film for its depiction of the horrors of the stalin regime . ' you realise murder is strictly a capitalist disease , ' french star cassel hisses in a thick russian accent in the film 's english-language trailer . culture minister medinsky slammed the film for its depiction of the horrors of the stalin regime and said it misrepresented a country that was ' one of the world leaders ' . the film shows soviet army officers as 'blood-thirsty ghouls ' randomly shooting people , ' especially gays , ' medinsky complained . soviet women have to offer them sexual favours or ' be sent , as is customary , to the gulag , ' he added with heavy irony . the decision to pull the film came after the culture ministry on tuesday gave it a distribution licence with an 18+ certificate . the head of central partnership , pavel stepanov , issued a statement saying he was ' satisfied ' with the film 's ban . ' we consider it 's important in the future to increase state control over distribution of films that have a socially significant context , ' he said . on tuesday , kultura state-funded arts newspaper , whose editor is a member of president vladimir putin 's arts council , published a review of the film titled '44 shades of vileness . ' ' daniel espinosa 's film is made up of lies and spitting at russia and russians , ' it wrote . earlier this year the outspoken culture minister voiced his dislike of russian art-house film ' leviathan , ' despite its landmark victory at the golden globes and oscar nomination , complaining it was full of ' existentialist hopelessness . ' last month he sacked the head of a theatre in siberia after its radical staging of a wagner opera including images of jesus christ angered some orthodox believers .