a chinese entrepreneur has quit his well-paid day job to revive the dying art of chinese sword making . jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai . mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada , reports the people 's daily online . warrior : mr huajin looks like he could have time travelled from the han dynasty . hammering away : the molten metal is forged and folded to create the sword . red hot : the metal is heated in a furnace before it can be shaped . master craftsman : mr huajin is now at home in his workshop , worlds away from his job as a civil servant . swords feature prominently in ancient chinese history and the blades made by mr jia would have been the type used by warriors in the han dynasty . however , the ancient art of sword making gradually declined over the years due to the time and effort it requires . mr jia , who now produces swords on the outskirts of zhengzhou in central china , has previously already been a garage owner , a fish farmer , a sales rep for golfing equipment and a well-paid middle-manager at a state owned enterprise . he made the drastic change in career five years ago at the age of 28 , when his job working as a manager in a government organisation left him feeling ' empty ' . the craftsman , who looks like a han dynasty warrior with his hair tied back , said that he wanted to bring back the masterful act of his ancestors and pass it on to future generations . he decided to take the plunge and move to a remote wheat farm in henan province with his wife to set up his own workshop . handling the past : the technique dates back 2,000 years to the han dynasty . knife edge : mr jia made the life-changing decision to quit his well-paid job to bring back the dying ancient art . he makes the razor sharp swords with steel that is 3mm thick . after heating up the steel in a furnace , the molten metal is forged and folded into shape . the process was developed by sword smiths in order to improve the quality of the steel . at his workshop , swords of different sizes can be seen everywhere – even on tables inside his house – and each of them costs between £11,000 to £22,000 . the master sword maker said that his interest in blades goes back to when he was a child . back then his hobby was to place nails onto railway tracks and wait for trains to pass and press them into ' knives ' . gilded history : swords have a prominent place in chinese history and legend . art work : each of mr jia 's swords have elaborated decorations of auspicious symbols such as dragons . razor sharp : the thin blade can shave off the hair on your arm with the lightest of touches . he said that his wife had been fantastic in backing his ambitions : ' how can i not love a wife who would willingly come to this village to support me in my pursuit of a dream ? ' she said that all he needed were two packets of cigarettes and a bottle of wine to keep him going . mr jia is one of only a handful of craftsmen in china who have adopted this ancient technique of sword making . his work can be seen on display in a special showroom in the han dynasty museum in zhengzhou . all change : he moved with his wife to a remote farm to set up his own workshop . tempering with fire : metal is heated up in a furnace , then forged and folded into shape . restoration : mr jia wants to bring back the craft for future generations .