the founder of bikram yoga , who has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students , has said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex . speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances , 69-year-old bikram choudhury strongly denied the accusations . ' i never assaulted them , ' he said as he spoke to cnn . ' the answer is i feel sorry for them ... they 're entranced by somebody - lawyers . ' choudhury , who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f , has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries . chelsea clinton , madonna and demi moore are among his followers . scroll down for video . denial : bikram choudhury , who has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women , has denied the allegations in an interview with cnn - the first time he has spoken out about the accusations . choudhury told cnn that his success means he would never need to assault anyone . ' women likes me . women loves me , ' he said . ' so if i really wanted to involve the women , i do n't have to assault the women . ' when asked how his wife of more than 30 years , fellow yoga instructor rajashree choudhury , had responded to the accusations , choudhury became emotional . ' my wife never look at me anymore , ' he said . 'twenty-four hours a day , i work harder than any human being in this earth ... and this is my reward ? i 'm a rapist ? shame [ on ] your western culture . ' ' targeted ' : sarah baughn , pictured speaking to cnn , said choudhury told her they should be together and that she needed to have sex with him if she wanted to advance her career . she no longer practises . at work : he pioneered bikram yoga , in which followers practice 26 yoga moves in temperatures of 105f . bikram yoga , devised by bikram choudhury , is based on regular hatha yoga , but performed in 105f temperatures for 90 minutes . fans claim that it not only leaves them stronger and more flexible than standard yoga , it also helps them shed weight quickly . choudhury began practising yoga in calcutta at the age of three , spending up to six hours a day perfecting his poses . at 13 he won the national india yoga championship and went on to devise the 26 ' asanas ' ( poses ) and two breathing methods that form the core of bikram yoga . he claims to have been invited to the u.s. in 1973 by president richard nixon to help him improve his health through yoga . after moving to los angeles , he started teaching shirley maclaine , whom he credits with spreading his name . he also claims to have taught yoga to ronald reagan and bill clinton and has a legion of celebrity fans including lady gaga , madonna , jennifer aniston and tennis champion andy murray . choudhury says bikram works because the heat loosens the muscles , helping them to go further than they would otherwise . since 2013 , six women have stepped forward to accuse him of unwanted sexual advances , and studios have started to drop his name , signalling that his empire is crumbling . sarah baughn , one of his accusers , told cnn that bikram yoga was ' life changing ' and as soon as she took part , she knew she wanted to teach the practice . but when she joined bikram 's teacher training course in the mid-2000s , he quickly targeted her , she claimed . ' i was asked by him to come into his office and he sat down , ' she said . ' and immediately went into , `` what should we do about this ? what should we do about us ? we need a relationship '' . ' she was shocked - ' i felt like my whole system just sort of imploded ' - and was advised by another staff member to avoid being alone with him . but on another night , he cornered her after the group watched a movie together , she said . ' he crawled on top of me , ' she said . ' he put his hand on the inside of my thigh and the other hand he wrapped around me , and he was holding me there . ' he told her that he needed someone to massage him , brush his hair and have sex with him , she said - and made it clear that she would only advance in her career if she slept with him . ' struggle ' : he said his wife , rajashree choudhury , no longer looks at him because of the accusations . emotional : when asked about his wife 's reaction , choudhury became emotional and questioned why he was being accused of sexual assaults after working so hard . ' shame on your western culture , ' he said . ' i looked him in the eyes and pushed him off of me and i said , `` i can do this by myself '' , ' she said . ' and he said , `` no you ca n't , there 's no way '' . i got up and i left the room . ' baughn has previously likened the atmosphere in the bikram community to a cult and said she had endured choudhury 's sexual assaults as just something that went with the territory . others told her to separate the man from the teacher , she said . baughn 's lawsuit is scheduled for trial in august . she no longer practices yoga . most recently , a canadian woman , jill lawler , filed a civil case against him on february 13 , alleging that he raped her during a nine-week class when she was just 18 . in her suit , lawler said she went into the class elated to learn from the master , but things quickly soured as she was expected to massage him while watching bollywood movies late into the night . as they watched the films , he groped her , she said . he apologized but weeks later , he asked lawler to come to his hotel room where he sexually assaulted her , it is claimed . accusers : larissa anderson , left , and jill lawler , right , have both filed civil lawsuits against choudhury . ' throughout the sexual abuse , defendant bikram choudhury offered multiple explanations and justifications for his behavior , ' her lawsuit said . ' he would say `` i 'm dying , i need to you to save me . if i do n't have sex i will die . you are saving my life , you are helping me '' . ' the lawsuit states that lawler continued doing bikram yoga for years and that choudhury 's abuse continued on multiple occasions , the most recent being in february 2013 . at the time , choudhury 's lawyers and his yoga college of india said he never sexually assaulted any of the women and that prosecutors declined to bring charges . the los angeles district attorney declined to bring charges in a case against choudhury in 2013 for lack of evidence , spokesman ricardo santiago said . see below for video . 