tony blair was branded ' out of touch ' last night after claiming that he is ' absolutely not ' in ' the league of the super-rich ' . the former prime minister also suggested he has left british politics behind , declaring that he has ' done british ' and is now more interested in working at a ' global level ' . claiming the money he generates pays for the ' infrastructure ' around him , mr blair said : ' i could not do what i do unless i was also able to generate income ' . scroll down for video . former prime minister tony blair has denied he is super-rich after joined the election campaign for labour . he added : ' am i better off than most people ? yeah , i 'm very lucky . am i in the league of the super-rich ? absolutely not , though you will have to make up your own mind about that . ' mr blair , who entered the general election fray for labour this week , spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with newsweek magazine . mr blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking . tony blair spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with newsweek magazine . since leaving number ten in 2007 , he has established up a complex network of companies , which make it impossible to calculate his exact earnings . he rarely discusses his wealth , though he has dismissed reports he has amassed £100 million as ' greatly exaggerated ' , and his allies say he has given millions of pounds to charity . mr blair has suggested that in fact , he is worth less than £20million , though he and his family are thought to own property worth at least £30million . his five-storey central london home , and its accompanying mews house is thought to be worth at least £5million , while his grade i-listed manor house in buckinghamshire , once owned by sir john gielgud , is thought to be worth a similar amount . he and wife cherie own a further seven properties . mr blair , who has been criticised for accepting advisory roles to foreign governments with dubious human rights records , insisted : ' i decided a long time ago that it 's whether i 'm doing the right thing or the wrong thing . ' if it 's the right thing i 'm doing , then i should be doing it even if i am being attacked for it . ' asked why he works mainly outside his home country , mr blair said : ' i 've done british . i suppose where i think i can make most difference is a global level , working on things that had interested me as prime minister but was not able to devote myself to in the same way . ' tony blair bought this grade ii listed georgian town house in 2004 in central london worth more than £6m . the family purchased the mews house at the rear of their central london property worth approximately £1m . mr blair and his wife bought this grade i listed mansion south pavilion in wooton underwood in buckinghamshire , once owned by sir john gielgud which has ncreased in value to almost £8 million . in what may be interpreted as criticism of mr miliband , as well as other political leaders , he warned that the ' centre ground is not leading strongly ' . as well as the buy-to-let flats in the north west , the blairs have a considerable portfolio of private homes for themselves and their children . one of tony and cherie’s two london properties is a £8 million five-storey georgian townhouse , which they bought in 2004 . three years later they snapped up the £800,000 mews house behind it – and have since paid off the mortgage . in 2008 they bought a £5.75million grade i listed buckinghamshire manor house - now worth in the region of £8 million . a £1.35million four-storey georgian property in the capital was bought for son nicky , 28 , last year – paid for in cash . and the couple also paid £600,000 in cash for a three-bedroom cottage in buckinghamshire for mr blair’s sister sarah the same year . they also purchased a £3.62million townhouse in the capital for euan and his wife suzanne . the £1.2million mews property behind it was bought for daughter kathryn . ' then you get what i would say are basically quack remedies being peddled by the more extreme versions of left or right . practical evidence-based solutions get squeezed out in favour of policy positions that can be emotionally attractive but practically foolish or even dangerous , ' he added . ' you can see this in the debates around immigration , particularly… . patriotism is a great thing , but nationalism , especially of the narrow , partisan sort , always has real danger lurking underneath it… . ' one of the attractions of what i would call a putin model of leadership is that in an era where the political leaders [ are ] to be hesitant about big positions , you 've got somebody who is taking big positions . ' now , i would not agree with those positions . but the attraction of that as a model , which is why a lot of these people like [ marine ] le pen and [ nigel ] farage and people praise him , is that there appears to be certainty about the solution . it 's not a solution i would agree with . but it 's interesting to reflect upon that . ' conservative mp charlie elphicke said : ' first we had ' two kitchens miliband ' lecturing people from his £2 million mansion and now multi-millionaire tony blair declaring he does n't think he is `` super-rich '' . ' it shows just how out of touch the champagne socialists at the top of the labour party are . ' as well as the townhouse the blairs purchased in 2004 and the country estate the couple bought in 2008 , the family own at least four other large properties around london . they have made an estimated £5million from increases in the values of their properties , as well as around £100,000-a-year in rent from the flats they own in manchester and bristol . the blairs bought the second of two flats in bristol for £265,000 in 2002 with help of peter foster . the two victorian villas in urmston , manchester , have been converted into flats and sold to mrs blair and her son for £650,000 .