the family of a teenage burglar left seriously injured when he fell through a roof during a school break-in have been left with a £150,000 legal bill after trying to sue the council for not doing more to secure the premises . thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight , and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result . a court heard the group of teenagers had broken into the school’s tuck shop before scaling the roof on a sunday in may 2010 . defeat : thomas buckett , 21 , faces a huge legal bill after unsuccessfully suing staffordshire county council . injuries : mr buckett had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of a school after breaking in to the tuck shop and stealing food and drink . it was originally claimed that thomas climbed on the roof of clayton hall business and language college in newcastle-under-lyme to fetch a football . but the court heard that a police officer who investigated the break-in wrote an email of support to the council , stating that he had made the family aware ‘ this incident was the fault of thomas and his friends messing around’ . pc david stubbs added : ‘ i have made the family aware that if any claims are made against the school my report will show the school is not at fault . ’ judge peter main told telford county court : ‘ there were few measures , reasonably achievable within the likely school budget , [ which ] it could have taken to prevent all acts of trespass outside school hours . ’ he acknowledged that the school should have risk-assessed the likelihood of youths gaining access to the flat roof . however , he ordered the buckett family to pay the council an interim payment of £150,000 in costs by may 4 , a figure which could climb as high as £260,000 after further assessment . school : the bungled break-in took place at clayton hall business and language college in stoke-on-trent . happier times : thomas buckett with mum mandy . the family faces financial ruin after they were left with a £150,00 legal bill after failing to sue the council . teenager : mr buckett , who was 16 at the time , is pictured left in his school uniform and right while he was recovering in hospital . taxpayers’ alliance spokesman jonathan isaby welcomed the court’s ruling , saying : ‘it’s good to know that despite our ever-creeping compensation culture it is still possible for vexatious cases like these to be thrown out . ’ thomas spent two weeks in a coma following the fall and suffered ten skull fractures . doctors removed half his skull and repaired it ‘ like a jigsaw’ in a revolutionary procedure involving specialists from italy . he lives with his mother , 48 , who is now his full-time carer , father andrew , 50 , a supervisor for a maintenance firm , and older brother in newcastle-under-lyme . mrs buckett said her son had suffered life-changing brain injuries , although she declined to elaborate on the extent of his recovery yesterday . however , thomas , who is now 21 , was listed as a ‘ protected person’ on court paperwork , a term used to describe somebody who lacks capacity to conduct proceedings for themselves . his mother was listed as his ‘ litigation friend’ , somebody with the power to make decisions about the case on behalf of the protected person . mrs buckett said the family had funded both the legal action and her son’s care . asked if she may have to sell the family’s bungalow to pay the council’s costs , she said : ‘ i don’t know what’s going to happen yet . i need to speak to my solicitor . ’ she declined to comment further . recovery : mr buckett had to undergo a pioneering procedure which allowed him to walk and talk again . fan : mr buckett as a teenager posing with former stoke city manager tony pulis . the family sued the council under the occupiers liability act 1984 , which covers the duty of care owed by a landowner or occupier of premises to persons on site ‘ other than their visitors’ , who suffered injury as a result of the ‘ state of the premises’ . lawyers argued the council had ignored a long-term problem of trespassing at the site during weekends and holidays . judge mann acknowledged that thomas had been ‘ very seriously injured as a consequence’ of his actions , but said he had to be guided by evidence , not sentiment . staffordshire police said two other teenagers were cautioned for burglary and criminal damage in connection with the college break-in , but no other charges were brought . the county council defended its decision to pursue the legal challenge to court . chief executive john tradewell said that defending the case was ‘ about fairness to the taxpayer’ . he added : ‘ the county council will continue to help thomas access the care and support he needs to live as fulfilling a life as possible . ’ the bucketts’ lawyers did not return calls for a comment .