yaya toure 's agent has called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a ' weak manager ' and criticised the club 's chief executive ferran soriano and director of football txiki begiristain . toure 's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for city which has seen them go from title contenders to being in a battle simply to finish in the top four . but agent dimitri seluk has claimed the club are trying to make toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes . the agent of manchester city midfielder yaya toure ( left ) has called manuel pellegrini , his manager , ' weak ' . pellegrini has struggled this with the champions this season , and dimitri seluk has placed blame on him . ' some people at city are trying to blame yaya for what has happened this season , ' he said . ' but those people are n't taking responsibility for their own mistakes . ' i am talking about executives who have bought players for a lot of money - and then put those players on the bench . executives who spend a lot of money on stevan jovetic and then drop him from the champions league squad . i feel sorry for pellegrini . he 's a good coach , but a weak manager . ' he won the title with the team left behind by ( predecessor ) roberto mancini . ' toure , whose relationship with the club came under strain last summer , has been linked with a move away this summer , with mancini making clear his interest in signing the 31-year-old for inter milan . seluk said that it was wrong to criticise toure over city 's struggles and blamed the manager and executives . pellegrini was described as a good coach but a weak manager by toure 's agent in a scathing attack . ' if city want yaya to leave , they should come out and say so , ' seluk told the sunday mirror . ' two of the biggest clubs have already asked me if he is available , and i know that if city would sell , another 10 would call me inside 24 hours . ' city go into sunday afternoon 's match against west ham four points above fifth-placed liverpool and with the pressure firmly on pellegrini . txiki begiristain ( left ) manchester city 's director of football , ferran soriano ( centre ) the ceo were criticised . seluk picked out the decision to buy stevan jovetic and then leave him out of the champions league squad . the chilean has maintained he is not worried about his job , but admitted that could change if they dropped out of the champions league places . ' you are wrong if you think that , at this club , if you do n't win the title then you are out , ' he said in a number of national newspapers . ' if we miss the top four then maybe it will be different because that would not be the same thing , the analysis of the season will be different . ' 