a would-be lib dem mp who describes himself as a feminist has been filmed repeatedly trying to touch a naked lap dancer . married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london . footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate – who calls himself an advocate of women’s rights – attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venue’s policy . scroll down for video . up close : would-be mp maajid nawaz with a scantily-clad lap dancer in the club in east london . seedy : the married father-of-one asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london . staff said nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’ . in the film , nawaz – a convicted former extremist – can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked for him in a private room during two £20 lap dances . manager jay shah , who witnessed nawaz’s behaviour , said he was ‘ very drunk’ and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times . ‘ he was asking her to touch him and he was touching her , ’ he said . ‘ in general he was quite persistent with her , asking to take her out and for her number . ’ a rising star of the liberal democrats , 37-year-old nawaz is also a leading figure in the muslim community and head of anti-extremism charity the quilliam foundation , which he set up . rising star : the prospective parliamentary candidate with deputy prime minister nick clegg . a regular guest on bbc news programmes , he declared on newsnight in 2013 : ‘ i consider myself a feminist . ’ he once wrote on twitter : ‘ you don’t need to be a woman to stand for women’s rights . ’ he often throws his weight behind gender issues such as the campaign against female genital mutilation and paints himself as a role model for young muslim men at risk of radicalisation . but abdul malik , the club’s owner , said he wanted the video to be seen by the public because of the way nawaz portrays himself as a feminist and a family man . ‘he’s always talking about religion on tv and i thought , what a hypocrite , ’ he said . he claimed ‘arrogant’ nawaz acts like a ‘ spokesman for islam’ – but visited the club during the muslim holy month of ramadan . staff said nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ‘outrageous’ . the full strip club footage , obtained by the mail , clearly shows nawaz receiving two five-minute lap dances an hour apart . he and two friends paid £10 entry to the small ‘gentleman’s club’ in whitechapel and were seen drinking heavily . he left the club alone in the early hours of the morning . during the first session – in which the dancer gets naked – she has to repeatedly remove his hands from her body and pushes him away at one point . during the second dance with the same woman , he also spends time chatting to her – whispering into her ear and trying to touch her hair . newlywed : nawaz 's second wife rachel maggart . she later informed the manager , who told security to ‘ keep an eye on her’ . club boss mr shah claimed nawaz had been ‘bragging’ but the dancer later told him : ‘ who does he think he is ? ’ tory mp nadine dorries last night called for nawaz to quit his candidacy . ‘ in politics , you can’t advocate one cause or manner of behaviour then act differently in your personal life , ’ she said . labour mp khalid mahmood added : ‘ the message this sends to women is not one of respect . ’ british-born nawaz was jailed in egypt in 2005 for his role in radical islamist group hizb ut-tahrir . on his return to england in 2006 , he renounced his views and quickly established himself as a spokesman on extremism issues . he has been selected by party leader nick clegg to fight the london marginal seat of hampstead and kilburn and has been married to us-born writer and artist rachel maggart , 29 , since october . they were engaged and believed to have been living together at his west london home when he visited the club on july 9 last year . he has a young son from his previous marriage to rabia nawaz – who is also known to have supported hizb ut-tahrir . a spokesman for nawaz said he denied touching the dancer ‘inappropriately’ and added that his reputation for advocating women’s rights was ‘ in the context of islamic extremism’ . he said he had not been warned about his behaviour , and was not ‘ out of control’ through drink or breaching the rules . the spokesman said : ‘ the evening you refer to was our client’s stag night before his marriage . ‘ his best man took him to the gentleman’s club with the full knowledge of our client’s then future wife ( now his wife ) . ’ nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked for him . 