the picture of a 101-year-old arizona woman cradling her new-born great-granddaughter spanned four generations of the same the family in one photograph and captured the hearts of millions . posted to facebook two weeks ago , the loving image of rosa camfield and baby kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that rosa had sadly passed away on monday . but behind every picture is a story and rosa 's is every bit as inspirational as the photograph that captivated the internet . speaking to daily mail online , rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s . ' grandma was always happy , i mean , she was smart as a whip , even at 101 , ' said hamm . ' she was funny and had lots of stories . ' scroll down for video . four generations of the same family : rosa camfield was born in june of 1913 and died monday . since this picture appeared on the popular facebook page life of dad , she received millions of likes and comments from around the world . hamm originally posted the photo a week before her grandmother 's death after taking her daughter , then 2-week-old kaylee , to meet her great-grandmother rosa for the first time . rosa had three children , five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren . ' it was actually the day she was being released in the hospital , so we were hoping that grandma would get to meet her , ' hamm said . soon after she snapped the photo , it ended up on life of dad where it became a massive hit . ' when i posted it i thought a few of our fans would feel connected to it as i did . then , within an hour , it was clear that i had underestimated the impact it would have with people as it was shared and liked hundreds of times per minute , ' said life of dad founder patrick quinn . as of wednesday afternoon , the photo had received over 2.5 million likes and nearly 78,000 shares . ' i think its really sweet , ' hamm told abc . ' my grandma would 've loved this . ' like the few who make it to live past 100 , rosa camfield had a lifetime worth of stories that her children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remember well . as a young woman : rosa camfield pictured above on her graduation from high school in 1931 . rosa 's youngest daughter lynn vine , says her mother was born on a fruit farm in michigan in 1913 . rosa 's family appears to have been relatively well off before and during the great depression . her father was the first one in their town to have both a radio and a car , using it to bring locals to their home for nightly entertainment . ' grandpa was the one who liked to have new things and he was quite progressive so they always had the first of everything , ' vine remembers . vine says her mother lived in a time when kids still attended school in a one-room schoolhouse where children of all ages were taught by the same teacher . ' one year she was the only kindergartener the class , ' vine said . while rosa wanted to go to college after school , her dad advised her not to . ' her dad did n't want her to go to college , ' vine says . ' he said , `` you do n't need to . we have plenty of money . '' ' rosa went on to marry her first of three husbands in the mid-1930s , a man named rubin with whom she had all of her three children . rosa pictured above with her three children , who she had with her first husband . from left to right : lee miles , rosa camfield , raymond wheaton and lynn vine . rosa is pictured on her 98th birthday three years ago , surrounded by her children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren . rosa and her 5-year-old great-granddaughter mackenzie snuggle on her bed last month . rosa camfield started off as a farm girl , stayed at home to raise her three children and eventually got her teaching degree to work with 8th graders . while the couple were married , world war ii broke out and the couple helped out by spotting planes . unfortunately the marriage did n't last , and the couple divorced after about 15 years . it was after her divorce that rosa decided to go back to college - while raising her three children in her 40s - and get her degree in teaching . she taught 8th grade at ludington public schools for most of her career - and one year her daughter vine had her as a teacher . rosa married twice more . her second husband , mert , died in the mid-1980s and she married for a third time , to her childhood best friend , lennis camfield , a few years later . rosa and lennis grew up next door neighbors and they would walk the same half-mile route to school everyday . vine says her mother would always talk about walking to school in the winter , when she followed behind 7-years-old older lennis to escape the snow since the road was n't plowed . vine says it was obvious that lennis was the love of her mother 's life - despite the fact the two married in their 80s and only had a small amount of time together ( mr camfield died in 1996 ) . ' she was really heartbroken when he died ... i know she wished she had longer time with him , ' vine said . recently , rosa had been living with one of her daughters . in november she was diagnosed with breast cancer , but remained active even in her final days - continuing to crochet and knit until about two weeks ago . ' her opinion was if you 're bummed out or whatever - get over it , ' vine remembers of her mother . ' put a smile on your face , and things will be better the next day . ' after hamm posted the photo online , hundreds of people shared similar pictures . this image shows ohio mom amanda garber 's son , samuel , with his great-great-grandmother , helen willaman - a 101-year difference . according to this submission from pennsylvania , the age difference here is 93 years . one image shows ohio mom amanda garber 's son , samuel , with his great-great-grandmother , helen willaman . ' my son and grandma are almost 101 years apart . i feel extremely blessed to have her in our lives , ' ms garber told today . ' i love to hear the stories of when she was a little girl , or when she had a baby and how different it was back then . ' meanwhile washington-based mom breean ferreira shared an image of her 113-year-old great grandmother and her one-year-old son - a family with five living generations . grandmother laura kayizzi posted a photo of her own grandmother , who was born in 1915 and passed away this winter . ms kayizzi 's image shows her daughter’s son being held by his great-great-grandmother , revealing that ' her advice to my daughter about being a mom was , `` love them as much as you can . they grow up fast . `` ' candice joynt , from colorado , posted this image with the caption : '101 years , 4 months and 12 days apart ' . jennifer browder goodman from south carolina submitted this image of her grandmother holding her daughter for the first time ' she will be 95 in august ! ' she wrote . australian mom leanne young posted this image of a 102-year difference between a great-great-grandfather and his great-great-grandson .    