an ohio woman has spoken out in a reddit q & a about why she and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks . when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ' incompatible with life outside the womb ' , they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action . ' i am pro-choice because i am pro-life , ' the woman , who has chosen to remain anonymous , said . ' my little girl would never have [ had ] a life , and attempting to give her that could take mine away in the process . ' sad decision : after an amniocentesis , the ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter found out that her daughter would n't survive outside the womb , and she chose to get an abortion . the anonymous couple was happy to learn that they were expecting last december . in march , they were looking forward to the 20-week anatomy scan . but the woman had a gut feeling something was n't right . at about five months along , she was n't showing yet , and though her family assured it was just because she had an athletic body , she explained : ' things just felt wrong , felt off . ' her fears proved to be right . on april 1 , she and her husband went to her ob-gyn for the planned anatomy scan . they found out they were having a girl - but at the same time discovered that the fetus was much smaller than it should have been at that time . she was referred to another hospital with a specialized fetal medicine center where , two weeks later , an amniocentesis test showed that the fetus had triploidy , a chromosomal defect that is ' incompatible with life outside the womb ' . they learned that their unborn daughter had 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46 , an abnormality that also resulted in dandy walker syndrome . the fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth , weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound . these major health issues also meant there were risks for the mother . the fetus was so small that it could have died in the womb without the woman knowing , which could have resulted in an infection . the mother was also at a higher risk for preeclampsia , a blood pressure-related pregnancy complication that can be fatal . she also noted that her placenta could have ruptured , leaving her to ' bleed out in my bathtub faster than anyone could help me ' . with the knowledge that her health was at risk and her child would be unable to live , the woman and her husband made the decision to terminate the pregnancy . it was n't an easy choice . the couple had already picked out a name , gwendolyn renee . and the woman added that the decision was especially hard for her husband , who grew up catholic . still , he agreed , carrying the child to term was n't worth the risk to his wife 's health . in their state of ohio , abortion is legal until 24 weeks - but that does n't compel all doctors to perform them . at the age of 23 weeks , the average baby is the size of a large mango . the woman tracked down the only doctor in her city who offered abortions . but because he practiced within a catholic institution , he had to seek special approval from the ceo and the ethics board , explaining that that the woman 's child would n't survive and that there were dangers in letting the pregnancy progress naturally . she was approved for the abortion , and quickly started taking steps toward having the procedure . ' my doctors were honest and clear about the situation , ' she said . ' they used explicit terms and did n't dance around the issue . during the different procedures they walked me through exactly what they were doing , but at the same time , they were very empathetic and understanding . ' first , she had to have three to four sticks of laminaria , a form of kelp , inserted into her cervix to begin dilation , which she describes as ' pretty uncomfortable ' . after going home for the night , where she experienced cramping , the woman went back to the clinic with her husband the next day to have the 45-minute procedure under general anaesthesia . ' [ our baby ] passed painlessly inside me and was never alone , ' the woman said , adding that their daughter will be be cremated , and the ashes will be spread over garden at hospital . also called triploid syndrome , triploidy is a chromosomal disorder characterized by having three of every chromosome - so infants affected have a total of 69 chromosomes rather than the standard 46 . babies with tripoidy are often lost through miscarriage . those that survive usually die within the first five months of life . the rare disorder also causes babies to be much smaller than average , and often results in birth defects . source : webmd . the woman said that she and her husband are still grieving and experience bouts of ' spontaneous sobbing ' . she wonders how mother 's day , which is on may 10 , will feel and how she 'll cope on the baby 's due date , but she knows that she and her husband made the right decision . ' i do n't regret it , ' she said . ' my other option was to wait for her to pass naturally , but the risks were too high . ' she does , however , wish people would stop telling her that ' the next baby will be just fine ' ; she explained that though she and her husband do plan to try again , they are still dealing with the loss of this baby . ' i 'm facing this head-on and telling people about it no-holds-barred , ' she expained , because she knows she is not the only woman to go through this . ' because it does happen , a lot , and we should n't be afraid to talk about it . '