cosmetic surgery is often done in secret - patients hiding out at home until the bruising and swelling goes down while friends ' suspicions are waylaid with a new haircut . but one australian woman is making her nose job so public , it even has its own hashtag . rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers , who can follow along on her social media accounts on the hashtag created just for the event , # rhiannongetsrhino . scroll down for video . sharing is caring : rhiannon langley is posting her cosmetic surgery experience on social media through pictures and videos . influencer : the 24-year-old from melbourne has 189,000 followers on instagram . the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on instagram alone , and is keeping each of them updated while she undergoes rhinoplasty in thailand . miss langley is currently in bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery , but has remained active on her social media accounts , posting videos on snapchat and sharing snaps on instagram . she informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago . ' i 've always wanted this since i was a lot younger , and i decided why not , if it makes me happy and improves my self esteem then i 'm doing it ! ' she wrote . ' yes plastic surgery is a controversial thing to do but this is my life and it 's something i 've wanted to do for so long and especially before my wedding . ' post-op selfie : langley is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery , but has remained active on social media . speaking exclusively to daily mail australia from her hotel in bangkok , miss langley explained her motivation for going public further . ' i have quite a big following on social media and i do n't want to lie about it , ' she said . ' i think people are more accepting of the decision if you own it . ' i 've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it . ' i have been a bit scared about getting negative feedback , ' rhiannon added , revealing that she kept hitting ' refresh ' on her phone to read the comments coming through after she posted the announcement on instagram . a little off here , and here : rhiannon revealed to daily mail australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one , with changes being made to the shape and length of her nose . holiday with a side of hospital : rhiannon 's $ 5,190 ' bangkok nose job ' package included a stay in a phuket beach hotel . bedside view : langley has been updating her followers with hospital snaps and post-op video messages . ' they 've all been really positive and supportive though . obviously you get a few weird comments , but it 's been a lot better than i expected . ' she also revealed to dma that the results of the surgery will be ' quite drastic , ' with changes made to the shape and length of her nose . but the true results wo n't show for another six months , when post-surgery swelling has gone down completely . miss langley wanted to share her experience with her followers , having found no one in her friendship circle to turn to for guidance on what the surgery and recovery would be like . ' none of my friends have had nose jobs , so i was searching on the internet and could n't find anything useful , ' she said . ' i 'm owning my decision ' : rhiannon says that she decided to be honest rather than hiding it from her followers . ' so i decided to post about my experience , post photos , share how i feel , how i look , and what i 've gone through . ' miss langley is sharing videos and pictures day-by-day on her snapchat and instagram accounts respectively , and is planning blog posts as well as filming a video diary throughout her ' journey ' . the trip to thailand started out as a relaxing beach holiday for langley and fiancé jody abrahams , before the couple travelled to bangkok for the surgery . her sunny vacation snaps and videos have been replaced with confronting , raw glimpses of langley in recovery , sporting a swollen face and bruised purple eyes . nuptials : langley says her thailand medical tourism package holiday was financially motivated , as she can not afford surgery in australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé jody ( pictured ) to pay for . rhiannon says her motivation to take her surgery overseas was financially motivated . ' the price difference [ between australia and thailand ] is huge , ' she told dma . ' i 'm getting married in a year , so i could n't afford to have the surgery in australia . ' her trip to thailand is a $ 5,190 ' bangkok nose job ' package with cosmeditour . the medical tourism agency has confirmed to daily mail australia that while they have assisted the social media influencer with finding accommodation , langley paid the full rate for her surgery package . the packages include four to five star accommodation and meals , as well as the full cost of hospitalisation and surgery . dream : the hair dresser has wanted the nose correction since she was a teenager . ' rhiannon had been considering rhinoplasty for a long time and she approached cosmeditour after being referred from a friend who previously had surgery through cosmeditour . we are very happy to have her as a client , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' rhiannon has a loyal instagram following and she wanted to blog about her rhinoplasty experience as it was something that she did n't want to hide . ' we use fully accredited hospitals with internationally trained and highly skilled plastic and reconstructive surgeons and have cosmeditour personnel in all destinations . we create four and five star packages which include surgery , accommodation , transfers , meals and do n't charge any additional agency fee for our services . ' langley said she has wanted nose correction surgery since she was a teen , and wanted it done before her wedding to abrahams in 2016 . ' he likes me as i am now , but he supports my decision and is here taking care of me , ' rhiannon said . and she was n't put off by recent criticism of the industry following the death of gold coast woman , evita nicole sarmonikas , in mexico after a reported buttock implants , or the story of courtney o'keefe , from perth , who contracted a life-threatening infection following breast enlargement surgery in thailand . ' i have had a lot of friends use cosmeditour for boob jobs and tummy tucks , and have seen such good results , ' so i did n't hesitate for a second , ' said langley . langley started her blog and instagram accounts two years ago as a way to promote her home hairdressing business . her following has grown to over 189,000 , and the pretty brunette has capitalised on her popularity , launching a body oil business and working on a swimwear line .