inspirational speaker turia pitt , who suffered horrific burns when she was caught in a bushfire , has revealed she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal . the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours where she suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body . speaking to a networking wa audience at crown perth on wednesday , the burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011 . ' my heart rate has just gone up , my hands are sweating , my mouth is all of the sudden dry , ' she said , the west australian reports . ' this happens even if i go to a seemingly harmless barbecue . as soon as i smell that smoke , immediately i am transported back . ' scroll down for video . burns survivor turia pitt said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal during a speech on wednesday . the motivational speaker suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon . ms pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured . ' as soon as i took that first step , it was as if all my worries and fears dissipated , ' ms pitt said . ' i had finished the run but i also beat my time from before my injury . ' the revelation follows after she successfully underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild a nose but she was not expecting complications where she had stopped breathing during the procedure . when ms pitt woke up from her surgery , she expected to wake up in the burns unit with a brand new nose but the moment she woke up in intensive care , she revealed she just wanted to die . ' at that point , all i wanted was death because i had worked so hard just to end up in the same situation , ' ms pitt said . but she marked a new milestone in her recovery after another harrowing heath scare where her family feared the worst as she told woman 's day : ' i ca n't believe i did n't have a nose for so long ' . ms pitt went on to publish a book about her experiences - aptly titled everything to live for and fund raised almost $ 200,000 for surgical charity interplast , as she embarked on her own road to resilience , ms pitt is currently training ahead of the 10-day fund raising trek along the inca trail in peru where she is getting up early every morning to prepare . ms pitt also revealed she was back on the race tracks for the first time since the fire . before : ms pitt spent more than two years in hospital , much of it wearing a compression stocking ( left ) after experiencing burns to around 65 per cent of the body . her face is pictured right prior to the reconstructive surgery on her nose performed recently . new nose : turia pitt , pictured with mother celestine and her new nose , was competing in an ultra-marathon through wa 's kimberley region in 2011 when she was caught in a bushfire . soul mates : turia pitt 's boyfriend , michael hoskin , has been by her side since the very beginning of her hospital experience . prior to the bushfire , ms pitt , from ulladulla , on the nsw south coast , worked as a mining engineer and a model . in an interview with women 's day last month , her mother , celestine vaite , said she and turia 's partner michael hoskin heard the hospital 's cardiac arrest alarm go off ' and we thought she was gone ' during the nose reconstruction . ' i said , god , do n't you dare . she 's fought so hard , this girl , ' she told the magazine . ' she fought to get out of bed , she fought to walk , she fought to accept - do n't you dare do that to her ! ' ms pitt wore a compression stocking for almost two years and had seven of her fingers amputated during a seemingly endless series of operations . her family were relieved when she woke - and ms pitt is happily showing off her reconstructed nose on social media . milestone woman : ms pitt published a book about her experiences , aptly titled everything to live for . ms pitt agreed to an out-of-court settlement with ultra-marathon event organisers racing the planet in 2014 . ultra-marathon runner : ms pitt is planning to participate in the melbourne ironman in 2016 . burns victim : ms pitt experienced burns to around 70 per cent of her body during the 2011 bushfire . after years of recovery , ms pitt told woman 's day : ' i ca n't believe i did n't have a nose for so long ! ' it 's just the latest in a series of milestones for ms pitt , who starred on the front cover of magazine the australian women 's weekly in june 2014 . the cover won praise for featuring ms pitt . ms pitt has headlined a number of a speaking opportunities and in june 2014 she trekked the great wall of china to raise more than $ 175,000aud for the charity interplast . interplast sends teams of volunteer medical workers to developing countries in asia to provide free surgery for people suffering conditions including cleft lip and palate and burn scar contractures . ms pitt is hosting the second annual fund-raising gala night on april 16 to raise funds and awareness for interplast . ms pitt told woman 's day she is planning to participate in the melbourne ironman next year , following an operation to ' refine her nose and widen her nostrils ' . ms pitt and mr hoskin currently live in ulladulla , on the south coast of new south wales .