a man has appeared in court charged with murdering irish student karen buckley . alexander pacteau , 21 , allegedly killed the nursing student , whose disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week . he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice , it emerged at a private court appearance today at glasgow sheriff court . a man has been charged with murder after the body of nursing student karen buckley was found this week . a security van arrives at glasgow sheriff court ahead of a court appearance by alexander pacteau , the 21-year-old charged with miss buckley 's murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . pacteau , from the city 's west end , made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody by sheriff charles mcfarlane qc . he will appear again next week for a full committal hearing . miss buckley , a qualified nurse , went missing following a night out at the sanctuary nightclub in glasgow on saturday night . her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of the city . a spokesman for scotland 's crown office said : ' alexander pacteau , 21 , from glasgow , appeared at glasgow sheriff court today charged with the murder of karen buckley , and with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . ' he made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody . it is anticipated he will appear again next week for a further hearing . ' it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage in proceedings . ' pacteau made no plea at the court ( pictured ) today and was remanded in custody until next week . miss buckley 's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in the city earlier this week . a huge police search was launched after her disappearance , which ended at high craigton farm . friends of miss buckley raised the alarm on sunday morning when she failed to return from a night out at the nightclub . the search led police to dawsholm park , where miss buckley 's handbag was found on tuesday , and a nearby property , before the farm where the discovery was made . ms buckley moved to scotland in february and was a first-year occupational therapy student at glasgow caledonian university . her family , who travelled to scotland on tuesday , have said they are ' absolutely heartbroken ' . her father , john buckley , 62 , said she was an outgoing girl who ' thoroughly enjoyed life ' . he released a statement through police scotland yesterday which read : ' marian and i , together with our sons brendan , kieran , and damian , are absolutely heartbroken . ' karen was our only daughter , cherished by her family and loved by her friends . ' she was an outgoing girl who travelled the world , where she met lots of people and thoroughly enjoyed her life . we will miss her terribly . ' miss buckley , pictured with her brothers brendan , damien and kieran , has been described as an ' outgoing girl ' who was always ' smiling ' . miss buckley ( pictured left on the night of her disappearance ) only moved to glasgow two months ago . her parents , john and marian , say they are ' absolutely heartbroken ' at the death of their ' cherished ' daughter . flowers , cards and pictures have been left at the entrance to the farm and at glasgow caledonian university in tribute to miss buckley . a vigil will be held in george square in glasgow city centre this evening to show support for the family and friends of the student , who was from cork in the irish republic . people are being encouraged to bring flowers and candles to the event . the outpouring of support for the family has also raised £50,000 in an online drive organised by her former classmates at limerick university . the go fund me page was set up to cover the family 's travel and expenses while in scotland and to support the upkeep of their farm in cork . it raised more than 10 times the original target amount . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .