stranded residents of last week 's devastating floods , who were unable to cross the water to attend an anzac day memorial service , were thrilled after a cornet player treated them to a rendition of the last post from the water 's edge . maitland local karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to gillieston heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods . when she got to the water 's edge at testers hollow , ms newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again , across the water to the isolated residents in a goosebump-inducing moment . scroll down for video . maitland local karen newton ( pictured ) performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights . as the sun rose over the water , ms newton could be seen facing five stranded residents , who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen anzacs in their own unplanned service . cassandra winter , who filmed the video and posted it online , said that ms newton 's act is what anzac day is all about . the video , which has over 5,000 views on facebook , beautifully captures the dawn anzac day experience . ' after attending the dawn service at kurri kurri , i drove toward testers hollow , as i could see it was going to be a beautiful and rare sunrise , ' ms winter told daily mail australia . ' i decided to capture the sunrise in pictures . as we waited , karen newton arrived , ( i 'm guessing for the same reason ) she saw it as a great opportunity to play the bugle over the waters edge . ' it was serene , with the bird life abundant , a peaceful , calm , unhurried moment with the sound of the last post drifting along the water to what seemed an endless lake . ' another facebook user shared the video and commented that the floods would never dampen the community spirit of the people of gillieston heights . ' the flood could n't stop gillieston heights paying our respects ! thank you to all who have made today 's services happen out here ! lest we forget , ' the user said . the residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service . the moment was all the more poignant and emotional as the residents of the isolated town remembered gillieston heights woman anne jarmain , who lost her life in the floods last week . the body of ms jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday - 10 hours after her car was swept away by raging flood water as she tried to cross cessnock road in the nsw hunter region . the elderly great-grandmother had just popped out for milk after two days without power and dwindling food supplies . ms jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled falcon before 9am on wednesday . ms newton faced the five residents who had come out to see the sun rising on anzac day and remembered flood victim anne jarmain . around ten people immediately ran into the water , with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy , fast-moving water . the state 's worst storms in a decade ripped through sydney and surrounding areas last week with four deaths in the hunter region . more bad weather is expected later this week , with up to 90mm of rain expected between friday and saturday . cassandra winter said the bugle music at dawn was a special moment due to all the devastation that the town had suffered in the last week . ‘ after the week that had been , with the tragedy of a local woman 's death , due to the floods , it was a fitting tribute for the local women , also to ses volunteers , emergency workers and civilians who had worked together tirelessly throughout the region , ’ ms winter told daily mail australia . ms jarmain , 86 , lost her life when her car was washed away by flood water as she popped to the shops to get milk . ms winter said the town is ' slowly getting back to normal following the floods . ' the process has been lengthy , the people of gillieston heights at this time are still stranded along with a few other communities in the hunter , the people are working together and life is slowly getting back to normal , ' she said . she said she is surprised at the response the video has received online and revealed that it has brought many of her friends to tears . ' the amount of people commenting how it had brought them to tears , and wanting to share the video then made me realise people need to see this , she said . ' i 'm thankful for the experience , it has captured the true nature of the australian spirit . ' speaking to the newcastle herald , bugle player ms newton said she thought of the soldiers who died in gallipoli and ms jarmain as she played the moving song . ' it was a very sobering and sombre experience , ' she said . ' i 've just been blown away [ by the response ] . '