andy murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday . the world no 3 posted on twitter a hilarious series of ‘emojis’ to his 2.98 million followers , displaying his various plans for the day . from the tweet its clear murray expects a day featuring plenty of laughter , romance , alcohol and even dancing . andy murray is delighted after some snooker with friends ross hutchins ( left ) and jamie delgado ( centre ) . the world no 3 posted this humorous tweet in ' emojis ' on the morning of his wedding day in dunblane . murray’s friend and fellow tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day with a caption on a twitter selfie : ‘ pre wedding snooker ended in another victory for guess who ? @ andy_murray @ roscohutchins @ johnnydelgado . ’ the final preparations for the wedding in dunblane’s cathedral on saturday afternoon are underway after the happy couple visited the venue on friday to run through rehearsals . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open and announced their engagement last november . here is andy murray 's wedding day tweet in emoticons broken down to the individual ' emojis ' . however murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season . the 27-year-old , who reached the miami masters final on sunday before eventually losing to novak djokovic , will also take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman in spain . the possible appointment of bjorkman , the former world singles no 4 and doubles no 1 , has taken on greater significance since his coach amelie mauresmo announced she is pregnant . preparations are well underway at the cathedral in dunblane for the scot 's big day . fans and members of the public have been lining the streets of dunblane to congratulate murray . members of the public have weathered torrid conditions to queue up outside the venue in dunblane . crowds have been building all saturday outside the cathedral in andy murray 's hometown of dunblane . murray and kim sears leave dunblane cathedral together ahead of their last night of being single on friday . andy murray celebrates taking a set against novak djokovic in the final of the miami open on sunday . murray had to settle for the runner's-up trophy in miami , losing to world no 1 novak djokovic in three sets . andy murray looked understandably nervous as he arrived for his wedding rehearsal on friday . fiancee kim sears appeared at the rehearsal in dunblane alongside friends and family . the pair will be married in murray 's hometown dunblane cathedral on saturday afternoon . local businesses have been getting ready to join in the celebrations of their returning hero . murray has a golden postbox in his hometown after winning gold at the 2012 london olympics . 