more than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners use their devices to play games . so developers in los angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons , from the nintendo game boy to an iphone . called smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their apple handset . los angeles-based hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy , to an iphone . it was originally an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it . the case was created by independent video game hardware developers hyperkin . it was originally devised as part of an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version . in a press release , hyperkin 's product developer chris gallizzi said : ' we wanted to create a retro device that can be easily adapted into any modern gamer 's arsenal of devices . ' he continued that the smart boy will come in the classic '80s grey ' , with more colours to follow . called smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their handset . a graphic showing how to use the hyperkin case is illustrated . the game boy , and its successor the game boy color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . they have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . more than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners now use their devices to play games . it will feature an eight-way d-pad , two action buttons , a start and select button , and a battery that can be charged through the phone . the gameplay itself will appear on the iphone 's screen , and the firm said these features may change as the project develops . the game boy , and its successor the game boy color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . the have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . when the original game boy was released in the us , it sold one million units within the first month . games were sold as cartridges that slid into the rear of the handheld consoles . nintendo advised keeping cartridges away from dust , where possible , to avoid gameplay glitches . the smart boy will also work with an app with a cheat database , and save states as well . at the moment the smart boy is ' in early conceptual development stages ' and is only being designed to work with the iphone 6 plus , in the first instance . hyperkin has not announced price details or when the first models will go on sale , but it did say that cases for other handsets , and designs , are also under development . the game boy , and its successor the game boy color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively . they have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide . when the original game boy was released in the us , it sold one million units within the first month . games were sold as cartridges that slid into the rear of the handheld consoles . nintendo advised keeping cartridges away from dust , where possible , to avoid gameplay glitches .