george boyd is the barclays premier league 's hardest working player , clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season - the equivalent of running from burnley 's turf moor ground to crystal palace 's selhurst park in south london . the burnley winger has run slightly further than tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen . walking the journey from turf moor to selhurst would usually take 69 hours , according to google maps ' estimations , but boyd has managed it in less than 40 hours of playing time . george boyd is the barclays premier league 's hardest working player , clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch . boyd has run the distance between burnley 's turf moor ground and crystal palace 's selhurst park . tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen ( right ) is second in the list - 0.4 miles behind boyd . liverpool stand-in captain jordan henderson is also included in the premier league 's top 10 runners . sean dyche 's side , sitting a point off safety , 18th in the premier league , have three players in the top 10 . between them , the burnley squad have run an incredible 2,172.3 miles this campaign . boyd is joined by his team-mates scott arfield and david jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half of the table . only eriksen , stoke city 's steven nzonzi , liverpool 's jordan henderson and aaron cresswell of west ham feature from clubs in the top half of the premier league . jake livermore of hull city , sebastian larsson from sunderland and newcastle united summer signing daryl janmaat make up the rest of the selection . the data was record by ea sports ppi , which is used as the official player rating index of the premier league . scott arfield , seen here getting away from sergio aguero , is another burnley player to feature in the top 10 . david jones is another prolific burnley runner as part of a team who have clocked up 2,172.3 miles . steven nzonzi ( left ) is high up in the list as a key part of stoke city 's impressive season under mark hughes . and the league 's two top runners come head-to-head on saturday when spurs and eriksen travel to turf moor to face burnley and boyd . with the chance of at least temporarily escaping the relegation zone before sunderland play newcastle on sunday , boyd will be desperate to make sure that all that running does not count for nothing come the end of the season .