a café in eastern china has started to charge customers an 'air-purifying fee ' on top of normal bills after it installed machines to provide fresher air . the café manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day . by charging a one yuan ( 11p ) 'air-purifying fee ' per person , the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing china , reported the people 's daily online . fantasy café is one of the first establishments in china to start charging an 'air-purifying fee ' . a label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person . the two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou , the provincial capital of zhejiang province . the decision has proved popular among customers , who are mainly students and white collar workers . many say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air while enjoying coffee and meals . a label is put on every table stating clearly that there is an air-purifying surcharge . ' as soon as the customers come in , we will make it clear that there will be a one yuan surcharge for cleaner air , ' said manager , mr sun , tohangzhou network . ' if the customers ca n't accept it , they can choose not to come , ' he added . a customer told the same reporter : ' i think this is a new way of running business . i feel more comfortable eating my meal here with so many purifiers in operation . ' the café opened in july last year and offers various western drinks and snacks , such as latte ( £4 ) , tiramisu coffee ( £5 ) , spanish cured meat platter ( £18 ) and pan-fried foie gras ( £9.60 ) . serving a variety of western drinks and foods , the café is popular among young people . owner zhu ze , 50 , bought the air purifiers earlier this year for around 100,000 yuan ( £1,080 ) . mr zhu told hangzhou network that his business has grown dramatically since he started using the devices . ' my goal is to remind my customers that we spent a lot of effort on providing fresh air , ' he added . customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthy air while enjoying coffee and meals . like other cities in china , hangzhou – which is surrounded by some of the finest landscapes in china , such as the west lake – has been battling with air pollution . the city of nine million suffered heavy smog on 154 days in 2014 . according to people 's daily online , hangzhou ranks number one in china in terms of vehicles per capita . the city 's 1.26 million automobiles are the main cause of the poor air quality . earlier this month , chinese state media published a set of stunning aerial pictures which show the hundreds of thousands of vehicles thrown on the scrap heap in a sprawling ' car graveyard ' as hangzhou government aggressively aims to cut back emissions .