a germanwings flight bound for italy from germany was evacuated last night due to a bomb threat , the airline said . the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 , which was taxiing toward the runway at the time , germanwings said . scroll down for video . the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 ( file picture of germanwings plane ) . the threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane 's scheduled departure , prompting police to set the necessary measures in motion . instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated . a total of 132 people were aboard the plane , including 126 passengers and six crew members , spiegel-online reported . a thorough search was carried out and federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives , news agency dpa reported . the threat was received just as the pilot was taxiing along the runway at cologne bonn airport ( pictured ) . an examination of the baggage and the aircraft itself also yielded no results germanwings said in a separate statement later on sunday evening . germanwings said passengers flew to milan on a different aircraft on sunday night while the searched plane has now been cleared for air traffic . germanwings , a budget unit of german airline lufthansa , has been in the spotlight since one of its planes was deliberately crashed into a mountain in the french alps last month , killing all 144 people on board . germanwings has been in the spotlight since one of its planes was deliberately crashed into a mountain in the french alps last month , killing everyone on board - a monument has been set up at the crash site . lufthansa has faced questions about its pilot screening process since the march 24 crash which appears to have been caused by the plane 's co-pilot who deliberately steered the plane into a mountain . the airbus a320 went down in a remote region of the french alps en route to dusseldorf from barcelona . recordings from the flight data recorder suggest co-pilot andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before ' deliberately ' crashing the jet . it emerged today lufthansa may face corporate manslaughter charges for allowing lubitz to fly after he suffered a bout of depression . last month 's crash appears to have been caused by the co-pilot who steered the plane into a mountain .