it’s 11 years since arsenal won the title . they went from invincibles to incapables . and you can throw bottlers into that description as well . of course chelsea could implode and hand the title to arsenal over the next six weeks or so , but that’s unlikely . if it does happen it’s a title that’s long overdue and nothing can ever take away the barren years when arsenal and arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad – specialists in failure . those years will always hang heavy around wenger’s neck . yes , yes , there’s the fa cup currently sitting there in the trophy cabinet alongside the shiny shield they won in august . and yes , yes , they are clear favourites to win it again . an fa cup isn’t the definition of success for the great clubs of europe . only the wenger apologists can’t see that . olivier giroud celebrates arsenal 's third goal by alexis sanchez in their win over liverpool on saturday . arsene wenger 's gunners now have 15 wins from 17 games since new year 's day , but it 's come too late . so are gooners seduced by this end of season run they’re currently on ? it’s impressive , no question . 15 wins in 17 games since their loss new year’s day . but this is classic arsene wenger isn’t it ? after that defeat at southampton on january 1 the gunners were sixth in the table , 13 points behind leaders chelsea . wenger and the players felt they had no hope of winning the title , and so they started to play with freedom , and the wins kept coming . as soon as the pressure is off , arsene wenger looks like he can still do it . but once the pressure is on he crumbles , and his players lose their bottle completely . sanchez drills his shot by emre can as arsenal 's impressive run continued against liverpool . per mertesacker ca n't stop this shot from sadio mane as they fall 2-0 to southampton on new year 's day . the only two defeats in this current run were the two key games all arsenal fans desperately wanted to win – at tottenham and at home to monaco in the champions league : the two games with more pressure on them than any others on this run . they went to monaco for the second leg with no pressure on them , everyone thought they were out , and so it proved . but with the pressure off , arsenal turned it on . arsenal are clearly a lot better than most of the teams they face . and they are now making the kind of signings they should be making – marquee players . so much is in place for real success to come . but the task for wenger now is to show some balls , cope better when the pressure is on . and he and his players need to stop failing in certain games . harry kane celebrates his second strike in the 2-1 win for tottenham over their north london rivals . dimitar berbatov scores the second of three away goals for monaco that ruined arsenal 's europe campaign . dodgy results will happen to all sides of course . but i’m talking about the ones that should have been avoided . this season for example , if they’d won a game they were winning at swansea , if they hadn’t been so desperately pathetic in the first half at stoke , and if they’d kept the lead at 10-man liverpool , arsenal would be top . those games and the circumstances of how they dropped points , have stopped arsenal being serious title contenders this season . when you analyse it like that , you can understand the frustrations of the arsenal fans after that stoke defeat in december . alex oxlade-chamberlain slumps to the ground as arsenal bow out of the champions league last 16 . aaron ramsey scores in the gunners ' 2-0 win at monaco as they fell short again when it really counts . arsene wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly , and he’s still there . he now needs to make the most of his incredible good fortune and start earning his £8m a year as the fourth-highest-paid football manager in the world . winning games when the pressure is off is something wenger has proved he can do regularly . now he needs to learn how to cope and succeed when the pressure is on . if he does that , then there really is no reason why arsenal can’t win a major trophy , the kind of trophy that defines success for big clubs , and end an embarrassing period of failure for arsene wenger . 