an infertile woman convinced her new husband to repeatedly rape her 15-year-old daughter so she could have another child . misty machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she ' coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter 's hand ' the first few times ' . she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of wilkes-barre , pennsylvania . her 29-year-old husband gary machinshok , who she met through a website called onlinebootycall.com , will be sentenced this month after pleading no contest to raping the child ' every few days ' throughout 2013 . jailed : misty machinshok , 33 , pleaded no contest to all charges for convincing her new husband to rape her 15-year-old daughter . the court heard it was a plot to have another child , as she is no longer fertile . he also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but struck a plea deal which means he can not be charged for it . prosecutor nancy violi called the crime ' the most heinous ' she had dealt with in 14 years on the job . the rape came to light when one of the girl 's friends alerted a teacher who called police , violi said . both victims are now in foster care . awaiting sentencing : her husband gary machinshok , 29 , whom she met on onlinebootycall.com , has admitted raping the girl ' every few days ' in 2013 , and sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister . it is not clear why mrs machinshok is no longer able to have children . in january , she pleaded guilty to rape , aggravated assault , conspiracy , child endangerment and other counts . defense attorney mary deady conceded that her client had made ' a lot of bad decisions , ' but said she was pleading guilty to protect the child from having to testify . mrs machinshok ' father , bill englert , also leaped to her defense to say her involvement in the rape was 'over-emphasized ' by prosecutors , according to inquisitr .  