mary day ( pictured outside court ) fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance and used the money to go on holidays . a benefits cheat who pocketed almost £17,000 of taxpayers ' money and spent it on a string of luxury holidays despite having £27,000 in the bank has avoided jail . mary day , 60 , of swanage in dorset , used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time . day fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 of her own savings in the bank . her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for savings while claiming such benefits , which meant she was overpaid benefits for more than four years . day went on three trips to tourist hotspot goa in 2009 , 2011 and 2014 , but failed to tell the authorities . she was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers . day has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the department for work and pensions of a change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits . district judge stephen nicholls sentenced her to three months in prison , but suspended the sentence for 12 months as she pleaded guilty and had repaid the money . sentencing day at bournemouth magistrates court , he said : ' you have been credited with the guilty plea and i have taken into account that you have no previous convictions . ' clearly this is rather a large sum of money which you have claimed . but you pleaded guilty to all matters and monies have been repaid . ' this does cross the custody threshold and i will impose a sentence of 12 weeks ' custody suspended for 12 months . ' day was also ordered to pay £85 towards prosecution costs and a victim surcharge of £80 . tax watchdog the taxpayers ' alliance said day 's sentence would do little to discourage others from committing benefit fraud . chief executive jonathan isaby said : ' benefit fraud is n't just stealing from taxpayers , but takes money away from those who really need it . day went on trips to tourist hotspot goa in 2009 , 2011 and 2014 , but did not tell the authorities . ' with finances so tight , we must crack down on those who seek to game the system for their own advantage and minimise the amount of taxpayers ' cash swindled by fraudsters . ' taxpayers will wonder whether punishments like this - or the lack thereof - do enough to discourage others from attempting the same crime . ' a department for work and pensions spokesman said : ' benefit payments should go to those who really need them . ' we know it 's a small minority of people who commit benefit fraud , but deliberately not informing us of a change in your condition that may affect your claim is a crime . ' day ( pictured left with a friend ) claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 in savings .