a teenage welsh international has had her promising career halted by a dead shin bone . hannah bluck , 18 , from porthcawl , south wales , had her dreams shattered after a rare condition ruled her out of the game for two years . the teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . wales ' hannah bluck , 18 , has had her promising career halted after suffering a rare condition . the 18-year-old has played for the wales youth national teams at u19 , u17 and u16 level . avascular necrosis is bone death due to poor blood supply . the flow of blood to a section of bone can be interrupted if the bone is fractured or the joint becomes dislocated . the condition can lead to the eventual collapse of the bone . it is most common in people between the ages of 30 and 60 , though most suffer from it in the hip and shoulder . the ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen . doctors have been baffled by the condition , which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints . mum kerstin said : ' the doctor told her `` hannah , you have to listen to everything i say because even if you go jogging then your leg could collapse into your ankle and that would be the worst thing that could ever happen '' . ' i think she 's dealt with it better than we have as parents . she 's been so brave . ' she has such a high pain threshold and her first words to me after her accident were `` where 've you been and what took you so long ? '' ' hannah 's a girl of few words but one of the most aggressive centre-backs you 'll ever see . ' the youngster set records at youth level for wales - appearing for the under-16s , under-17s and under-19s sides in the space of just eight days - before she was struck down by a freak accident in march 2013 . the promising centre-back suffered a sickening dislocation of her ankle and fractured her fibia and tibia after falling while running on astroturf during routine training . despite the help of football association of wales and cardiff city physios , the talented star hit a brick road in her recovery and saw specialists in november 2013 when she discovered she had avn . a scan of bluck 's shin bone , which has left doctors baffled by the rare condition . hannah , who is also autistic , has not kicked a ball since and turned her hand to coaching , working with the girls ' under-8s , 10s and 14s at swansea . kerstin said : ' hannah has always had a ball at her feet and played for her first club when she was seven . ' she used to play with the boys until she was 11 and she was n't happy when she had to stop - she enjoys the rough and tumble . ' ' football is everything for her and she has missed out on the social side because all her friends are at football so she does n't see them . ' she 's had her bad days but we 're getting more positive ones now . ' despite two years on the sidelines , hannah is still dreaming of a senior appearance for the wales national side and is being followed by women 's super league side bristol academy . bluck ( centre ) pictured with former swansea city player wilfried bony in the gym last year . manchester united supporter hannah said : ' it would mean everything to get back out on the pitch after two years out - when i play that is when i am most happy in life . ' it 's so frustrating having to sit and watch when i just want to be out there playing . ' it 's my dream to get a full senior wales cap and i 'd love to go and be a professional player in america too . ' the treatment hannah had been receiving was discovered to have stopped working last month leaving the family with nowhere to turn . in desperation , mum-of-five kerstin took to facebook and was amazed when a school friend she had not spoke to for almost three decades got in touch . bluck ( left ) poses for a photo with wales manager chris coleman and the u16 cap she won in 2012 . the long-lost contact threw the family a lifeline as experts at the world 's biggest orthopaedic conference in las vegas in the usa ended up analysing hannah 's mri scan . as a result , hannah , who lives with brothers daniel , 23 , thomas , 20 , conor , 16 , ben , 10 , and dad jonathan , 42 , as well as kerstin , has secured an appointment with a leading specialist in london on april 20 . kerstin said : ' she is still training all the time at swansea city and you should see her upper body now . ' she has a core that puts some of the men to shame when she is in the gym with all of them . ' hannah 's so humble but she can do so many things that even the men there would struggle to do . ' it 's been a hard two years for her but she has never given up and she never will do . ' i 'm proud of every single breath that girl takes . '