rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over britain and ireland , experts say . the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea . scroll down for videos . the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network ( ukmon ) in portadown , county armagh . ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter , would have crashed to earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds . david moore from astronomy ireland told the mirror : ' this event was so bright that a piece or pieces may have survived the re-entry and landed as extremely rare and valuable meteorites . ' however , the group 's initial analysis of its trajectory , based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it , suggests that it may well have fallen into the irish sea . ukmon said : ' it is very likely something has survived and landed in the irish sea . probably no bigger than 30 to 50 grams . ' it added that the meteorite was burning at a very low altitude of 21 miles , compared to the usual 50 to 75 miles and was formed of ' very hard and dense material compared to soft cometary material which we normally see as meteor showers ' . the network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event . it comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure paul , one of the most influential figures in early christianity , experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia in 2013 . dr william hartmann , co-founder of the planetary science institute in tucson , arizona , examined three accounts of paul 's conversion in the bible . astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia ( pictured ) triggered the conversion of biblical figure paul . the fireball above chelyabinsk ( above ) was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . writing in the journal meteoritics and planetary science , he said : ' the first-century book , acts of the apostles , gives three separate descriptions of a bright light `` from heaven '' , which occurred probably in the 30s ( c.e . ) near damascus , syria . ' the details offer a strikingly good match to a chelyabinsk-class or tunguska-class fireball . ' in the accounts given in the bible , paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of jesus . however , during a journey to damascus , syria , he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky . paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound . the experience apparently so affected paul that he converted to christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of christ around the mediterranean . many believe paul 's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the roman and protestant faith strands that exist today . however , some have attempted to explain paul 's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke . dr hartmann , however , says the description of the light in the sky , the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite . he said the cheyabinsk meteor , which exploded in the atmosphere close to the russian city , is a good example of what paul may have experienced . he said that the bright light in the sky - which was ' brighter than the sun , shining round me ' - matches videos of the chelyabinsk meteor , which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun . its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around paul .  