it’s time to find out who really has the best taste as the block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28 . before then the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea who pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . scroll down for video . when it goes under the hammer next month ayden and jess hope that their efforts will be rewarded . ayden and jess 's work has been given good reviews over the course of the series . ayden and jess will be hoping that home owners will be plumping for them . ayden and jess in apartment 3 are going with adam joske of gary peer & associates , with stuart benson as auctioneer . darren and dea returned for the block triple threat and face off against charlotte and josh , tim and anastasia , and ayden and jess . contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus . agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy south yarra . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea . dea and darren , at 4/27 darling street , have chosen jellis craig 's andrew mccann and auctioneer damien cooley . darren and dea will be hoping that they 've created something that potential buyers will like . it 's been a tough few weeks for darren and dea but the finished result has lived up to all their expectations . viewers are still catching up , with current episodes focusing on kitchens - the only major room left to make-over . the internal stairs and terraces are all that is then left to complete . the domain reports that hockingstuart agent mark konishi has been tasked with the sale of josh and charlotte 's apartment , 1/27 darling street , with auctioneer david wood preparing to powder his nose for the televised auction finale . dea and darren , at 4/27 darling street , have chosen jellis craig 's andrew mccann and auctioneer damien cooley . josh and charlotte have put plenty of work into their apartment at 1/27 darling street . hockingstuart agent mark konishi will be selling josh and charlotte 's apartment at 1/27 darling street . a beautiful wine cellar is just one stand out feature of josh and charlotte 's apartment . tim and anastasia , in apartment 2 are pairing with biggin & scott 's russell cambridge , who looked after the jolly 's glasshouse apartment , and ayden and jess in apartment 3 are going with adam joske of gary peer & associates , with stuart benson as auctioneer . buyers advocates have already taken some potential buyers through the apartments . if previous years are anything to go by , up to 40,000 block fans are expected to line up to be the first to walk through the four reality show homes . a clean and modern is what josh and charlotte aimed for in their bedroom . tim and anastasia , in apartment 2 are pairing with biggin & scott 's russell cambridge , who looked after the jolly 's glasshouse apartment . tim and anastasia are confident that they will come out on top when the apartments go on sale next month . a simple yet stylish living room will do tim and anastasia 's chances no harm . how much buyers like how they have planned the bedrooms may have a bearing on tim and anastasia 's chances . 