asia siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for allah , but a poet as well . the 31-year-old woman who was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old noelle velentzas , was also friends with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire . samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen . but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives . kahn was apparently so chummy with siddiqui that he published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire , a publication called jihad recollections . scroll down for full poem . a soldier and a poet : asia siddiqui ( right ) , one of the two woman arrested in queens , ny on thursday for plotting a terrorist attack had previously published a poem in an al qaeda magazine , it was revealed . siddiqui and her accused co-conspirator noelle velentzas ( left ) pictured in a court sketch from thursday . extremist friends : siddiqui befriended samir khan ( left ) in 2006 , three years before he left the u.s. for yemen and started al qaeda magazine inspire ( right ) . khan published siddiqui 's poem in a publication which was the precursor for inspire . khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike . the poem , titled ' take me to the lands where the eyes are cooled ' details siddiqui 's aspiration to ' drop bombs ' and ' taste the truth through fists and slit throats ' . the informant says siddiqui boasted about the poem in a august 2014 conversation , and said she had it published under the name ' murdiyyah ' . that same name was connected to a facebook account associated with siddiqui 's computer ip address . according to the lengthy criminal complaint against siddiqui and velentzas , siddiqui met khan sometime in 2006 , while he was still living in the u.s. and they continued to communicate after he moved to yemen in 2009 . siddiqui and velentzas have been accused of plotting to carrying out a terrorist attack in new york city , and referred to themselves as ' real bad b****es ' in conversations with a federal informant . the informant says the two were considering targeting a military base or police funeral with a homemade bomb - but that there was no specific terrorist plot at the time of their arrest thursday . siddiqui 's friend kahn was born to pakistani parents in riyadh , saudi arabia on december 25 , 1989 , but spent most of his life growing up in queens - the same nyc borough where siddiqui and velentzas lived . captured : above , the home in queens where asia siddiqui was arrested for allegedly plotting a bomb attack on the united states . she met fellow queens native samir khan in 2006 , and later had him publish one of her poems in an al qaeda magazine he was editing at the time from yemen . diy : khan went on to found inspire , an al qaeda magazine . one of the articles he wrote for the magazine a a bomb-making how-to guide apparently used by boston bombers tamerlan tsarnaev ( left ) and dzhokhar tsarnaev ( right ) . other than refusing to recite the pledge of allegiance and blaming 9/11 on america , khan appeared to be a well-adjusted young man when he attended w tresper clarke high school . at the school , khan wrote for the student newspaper , and participated in cheerleading and the glee club . however , at some point while still living in the u.s. , kahn started writing about jihad from his parent 's basement with a blog called ' inshallahshaheed , ' or ' martyr , god willing ' . in 2004 , his family moved to charlotte , north carolina where he attended central piedmont community college . five years later , khan cut ties with his family and moved to yemen . khan was killed in a september 30 , 2011 drone strike in yemen - the same one that claimed the life of infamous american-born islamic militant anwar al-awlaki . take me to the lands where the eyes are cooled… . there are dreams i will leave everything behind for . everything that has meaning in my life . came to life with the introduction to my lord . to the oneness of my lord . to the mercies of his evermore . than i can implore… . i have memories of soldiers of allaah , memories of soldiers of shaytan . memories of battlegrounds i have n't yet stepped on . memories of battlefields i have never stepped on… . yaa allaah , take me – aslamtu lirabbil aalameen . take me… to the lands where the eyes are cooled . jannatul firdaus lies unpursued . i remind myself these sacrifies are only for you , too few . hunger never felt so good as it does handcuffed . some of us are born soldiers , battle runs through our blood . the sound of gun rattle sends a rush , soothing . i sleep with my eyes open , my subconscious constantly invoking . al-baa'ith ! al-mu'eed ! … my mind strays back to golden past i have n't yet lived… . all this time i spent living wahn dreams instead . surrounded by walls of marble with widescreens , gardens of plush green . pouring rain splashing on window panes , crystal ceilings . but allaahi , nafsi only knew of empty feelings . verily , time teases . the tease of martyrdom when the ruh leaves . in degrees ; the degrees every soul dreams to seize . the degrees the angels appease one over another . the degrees of infinite seas with which the lord pleads , the seven seas can not encumber . i drown in ghibtah rage for a cavalry of my own . plotting against shaytaan , suffocating for self-control . i want to be purified with every breath , every sweat , every echo , every harakah . the innumerable tawaafs , the countless du'at , every step i take , i 'm back at arafat . i have work to do . mistakes to correct , time to make up . no excuse to sit back and wait- for the skies rain martyrdom . wait , no ! the skies never rain martyrdom… . martyrdom rains the skies ! this world is a morgue on standstill watching the lost souls . in a cold , silent , blank stare – death stare . death stirs in cold , silent , despair . finding no place to call home , my vision blurs . all my fingers plucked out , my veins stretched to dull . laughter poking into my sleep… into my dreams . peeling laughter – the never-ending discourse of shaytaan 's regime . sahytaan ar rajeem… silenced . prison walls that scream . the urges reincarnate into rebellion , into physical hunger , social incompetency . i am a slithering soul cringing to be free . the sweat of my efforts choke , wet strokes of vapour from a cloud . for my dreams to emerge… on cracked canvas – chipping off paint . the pigments of a lost nation . a curse . a nation . a religion . a pagan . an exiled . a misery . a child with incisors . a soliciting child . soliciting for a while for golden signs… along the cyprus , nile , miles from . with a defied conscience eager for recompense… . the mountains are my castles , the sand is my sea . i peril through the wilderness as it 's a part of me . i hear voices in the dark ; feel pressure on my prayer rug . as i swing on a hammock between date palms , i drop bombs . i feel blisters beneath my feet as i sneak behind the enemy fleet . i fall sleep in the midst of battle before sirens and tanks owned by enemy ranks . hit cloud nine with the smell of turpentine , nations wiped clean of filthy shrines . my teeth grind , my gums sting , my jaws flinch from and flame in chemical pain . and from all this . i confess i 've become more sane . my backbones sprain from the tensions of unresolved game . i refuse to return home ! thrust open my wounds where my nerves have ruined . rupture my skin where my membranes bare thinned . tear my limbs that resist in abstinence . here- taste the truth through fists and slit throats – . and prefer this over death from slit wrists , pills , drunk and doped . thank me later , for now , do what you will – let the noise persist ! running in half excitement , half regret , index finger to sky , a bulletproof vest . i turn around – what can my enemies do to me if allah has promised me success ? i waken with moistened eyes , tired and high off of unresolved life . some dreams seem like real life ; sometimes , life seems like a dream . i steel from the greedy the remnants of my fitrah and run into the dungeon of death . jannah awaits ! source .  