keith curle tells the kind of stories about management that might explain why retiring players are stampeding towards the pundits’ couch . except that is not his intention . quite the opposite , in fact . the carlisle manager loves a job that over the years has seen him break and rebuild a toilet , man a hose and pay salaries from his own pocket . ‘it’s the life i want for myself , ’ he said . ‘ it gets me out of bed . ’ but there is no escaping the fact that curle is in a shrinking minority , being one of only four managers in the country’s top 92 clubs who has played for england . the drain of leading english players to television rather than management was the key finding of a sportsmail study . it seems that talking about the game is more appealing to former players than a life orchestrating it — easier money , less time and pressure . many ex-players simply have no financial need to work but for curle , money has only ever been just a part of it . keith curle insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career . curle has taken charge of carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters . ‘ football was all i had and all i wanted , ’ he said . ‘ as for ex-internationals , i guess there will be fewer going to management now because of the money they earn . you’d think they don’t need a wage but some will have only a passion for football . ‘ that might mean being in front of a camera . i have done a bit for sky and i really enjoyed it but first and foremost i am a coach and manager . that’s how it is for some managers – it’s what you are . ‘ but if you are like that you have to like a challenge . ’ few are better placed to illustrate the challenge of management than curle . he won three england caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where tv rights do not sell for billions . he started at mansfield and went on to chester , torquay and notts county before joining league two carlisle united last september after nearly five years coaching crystal palace and qpr under neil warnock . curle ( right ) is one of only four former england players to currently manage in the football league . the well-travelled defender played for a total of 10 clubs during his career , including manchester city . curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for wolves under colin lee and john ward . the 51-year-old’s days are long and his experiences would not seem such fond memories to everyone . ‘ at chester , i drove around looking for places to train , ’ curle said . ‘ elsewhere , i’ve raised money to pay bills for training facilities that haven’t been paid for . you are also lending people money for wages that have not been paid . ‘ at mansfield , we had a toilet in the middle of the changing room so i helped knock it down and rehouse it . ’ it was at mansfield that curle used a fireman’s hose to water the training pitch . ‘ you do everything you can , ’ he added . ‘ you get your hands dirty . ‘it’s hard . most days i’ll be in my office at 8.15am and i’ll usually leave at 5.15pm . not bad . then i’m often in the car to go and watch a game . ‘ sometimes you’ll go to three in a week . being in carlisle that’s a lot of time in the car , getting home after midnight . ’ it’s all part of the puzzle of turning thoughts into performances and performances into results . that’s what keeps managers like curle hooked . curle started his management career at mansfield where he missed out on promotion to division two . curle returned to former club torquay as manager but could not save them from relegation in 2007 . curle tooks notts county on a run of 22 consecutive away games without defeat before being sacked . ‘ winning matches is what i love , ’ curle said . ‘ i got a bug for coaching when i was playing at wolves ( in the late 1990s ) under colin lee and john ward . ‘ i wanted to understand why we were doing something . ‘ john started showing me his coaching journals that he had kept for years , logging every session . all my coaching sessions now are logged . ‘ the development plans i have for every player now are also logged . i am plotting their development on my own graphs , watching how they reach targets . ‘ there is nothing better than improving a player and seeing it on the saturday . ’ the 51-year-old spent five years working as a coach under neil warnock at crystal palace and then qpr . curle believes there is no better feeling than developing a player to reach their targets . and nothing worse than getting the sack . it has already happened to curle and will probably happen again . ‘ the overall challenge is to build a team but that takes 18 months , ’ he said . ‘ how often do you get 18 months in a job ? summer is best — you talk about philosophies and there is no pressure . then the season starts and you need results . it’s a challenge , a good challenge . ’ and obviously it’s not for everyone . for others , it’s a peculiar part of the charm . 