a russian-language version of apple 's personal assistant siri has been caught giving apparently homophobic responses to questions about gay people . a man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage , where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the uk . purporting to be filming in london , he tells the camera : ' i was quite excited to learn that siri has become available in russian . alex got this response when he asked the russian-language version of ' siri , gay clubs around me ? ' his ipad version of the apple personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked how he could register a gay marriage in england . ' however , in russian it turns out to be quite homophobic . ' he asks siri in russian ' is gay marriage normal ? ' and gets the response : ' i believe this emotion should be considered negative . ' to the question ' how do you register a gay marriage in england ? ' siri replies ' so , now you 're swearing obscenities and you 're going to eat with these very hands ! ' the same query also gets the response ' i will pretend i did n't hear that ' , while the apple user is told ' alex , you are so rude ! ' in reply to the question ' siri , tell me about gay marriage ' . he also asks ' siri , gay clubs around me ? ' and is told ' i would have turned red if i could ' . alex says at the end of the nearly two minute clip : ' this is happening in london . that is why i have a few questions for apple as a company . ' why is its russian siri so homophobic ? ' alex says in the video : ' this is happening in london . that is why i have a few questions for apple as a company . why is its russian siri so homophobic ? ' a version of siri on the apple iphone 4s . the company has said the responses to alex 's questions were down to a ' bug ' which it has now fixed . gay rights are a delicate topic in russia since a law banning ' gay propaganda ' was passed in 2013 , effectively prohibiting the showing of ‘non-traditional’ or homosexual relationships in any form to people under the age of 18 . apple ceo tim cook came out as gay last october . he has since condemned discrimination on a number of occasions , speaking out against anti-gay laws in a number of us states . last november , a tribute to steve jobs was removed from a college campus in st petersburg after mr cook 's announcement . when the english version of siri launched there were complaints about some of its responses , which included refusing to look up the locations of local abortion clinics . mailonline has approached apple for comment . it has been reported elsewhere that the company has put siri 's responses down to a ' bug ' which has now been fixed .