sit down for a moment . relax . then clasp your hands together so your fingers entwine — don’t overthink it ! now look at your thumbs . which one is on top — the left one or the right ? if you are a man , the odds are it will be the left ; if you are a woman , it is more likely to be the right . now unfold your hands and take a look at your fingers , in particular your index finger ( next to your thumb ) and your ring finger ( next to your little finger ) . it can be quite subtle , but in men the ring finger ( measured from the crease where it joins the hand ) is likely to be longer than the index finger . in women the two fingers are typically the same length . scroll down for video . strangely enough , your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ‘ brain sex’ — the way your brain reflects your gender . of course , we all have different skills and interests , but some are considered more typically male , and occur more commonly in men , while others are described as more typically female , and occur more commonly in women . according to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . you find men in pubs discussing the top speed of a car they are never going to drive , let alone own . they cling to the tv remote control . they like spending time in sheds . women , on the other hand , are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs . in an emotional crisis , they are more likely to offer sympathy . if you are a man you may be surprised to learn that there are more than 400 different human emotions . if you’re a woman you probably knew that already . this is the stuff of jokes and self-help books — but it is also shown to be true through science . the question is , do these tendencies result from nature — with the biological gender we are born with deciding our interests and personalities — or do they result from nurture , with society and upbringing creating the differing ways that men and women behave ? in the sbs one series horizon professor alice roberts and dr michael mosley examine the links between gender and the brain . the sbs one series horizon asked professor alice roberts and me to investigate . we started from very different positions . alice thinks apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls . in the programme she carries out fascinating tests to prove her point , such as dressing up little boys as girls and vice versa and watching how people treat them . almost immediately , the girls start rough-housing and playing with trucks , while the boys are treated far more gently by the adults around them . she argues that parents’ unconscious actions — such as being gentler with girls and letting boys behave more roughly — often mould children into men and women who embody gender stereotypes . while i agree that lots of wild generalisations about men and women are bandied around , i also think there may be something in claims that our fundamental biology influences how we behave . professor simon baron-cohen , an expert on the brain who i visited at cambridge university , has done a lot of pioneering work on this . he believes , broadly , that people of whatever gender fall somewhere along a ‘systemiser’ to ‘empathiser’ spectrum . systemisters : according to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts , like these young train spotters pictured at chislehurst and sidcup station . systemisters are people who enjoy breaking down and analysing systems . they are more likely to become train spotters or computer scientists . they are what he has called ‘ male brained’ — as these qualities occur most frequently , but far from exclusively , in men . empathisers , on the other hand , are more typically ‘female’ brained as they are more typically women . although there are exceptions , most men — when tested — come out as more ‘systemising’ than ‘empathising’ , while for women it is the other way round . while professor baron-cohen accepts social pressures are important in influencing choices and behaviour , his studies suggest the hormones babies are exposed to in the womb can also shape the brain . higher levels of testosterone in utero , for example — as measured in long-term studies that took samples from pregnant women then followed their children from birth — are associated with offspring who are less empathetic but better at some mental skills later in life . in other words , more testosterone during pregnancy produces babies with a more male brain ( we’re not yet sure why some mothers produce more testosterone ) . dr mosley will examine if habits , characteristics and preferences are a result of ' nature or nurture ' . empathisers , on the other hand , are more typically ‘female’ brained as they are more typically women . an indirect way of assessing how much testosterone you were exposed to is by looking at your fingers . a number of studies have shown that the greater the difference between the length of the ring finger and the index finger , the more ‘male’ your brain is likely to be . mine is slightly more ‘male’ than average but much less so than , say , a professional footballer , who is typically male brained with great spatial awareness skills . as you can imagine , this is a controversial area of science . professor baron-cohen does these studies because he is interested in autism , which he describes as an extreme version of the male brain — more interested in systems and often struggling with empathy . when he started his research there was a lot of criticism , based partly on the fear studies like his will be used to support unhelpful stereotypes — suggesting men can’t excel in female areas and vice versa . ignoring gender differences , however , comes with its own dangers . take the problem of pain . a while ago , when i was making a programme called pleasure and pain , we did a survey where we asked people which of the sexes they thought was better at tolerating pain — 81 per cent of women said ‘women’ , while a mere 11 per cent thought men were the tougher breed . a number of studies have shown that the greater the difference between the length of the ring finger and the index finger , the more ‘male’ your brain is likely to be . although men were more inclined to give themselves the benefit of the doubt , the majority , 54 per cent , still agreed ‘women’ were more stoical . but is this right ? one way to find out is to get male and female volunteers to take part in a cold water immersion test . this is a standard pain test widely used because it causes acute pain without doing any long-term damage ( as long as you don’t do it for more than 15 minutes ) . in this test , you put your hand in a bucket of ice-cold water and see how long you can keep it there before the pain becomes intolerable . i’ve done it a couple of times and oddly enough after the initial shock it doesn’t actually feel cold ; below about 3 degrees celsius your pain receptors overwhelm your temperature receptors so you are no longer able to tell if the water is hot or freezing . all you know is that it is incredibly painful . when this test is done in a laboratory setting , men almost always outlast women . this may be pure machismo , but professor jeff mogil of mcgill university , montreal , thinks there is more to it . as he puts it : ‘ there are all kinds of reasons to believe there are different neural systems in the brain of males and females . ’ that is , our brains process pain differently because our brains are different : our varying ability to withstand pain is proof . he thinks it is unfortunate that much basic pain research has , until recently , been done in male animals . although men were more inclined to give themselves the benefit of the doubt , the majority , 54 per cent , still agreed ‘women’ were more stoical . males don’t menstruate or go on heat , which makes them simpler and cheaper to study . but it also means we have been developing and testing drugs on males , assuming that they will work just as well on females , which may not be the case . we’ve come to realise , for example , paracetamol works better on men , while some opioids work better on women . we don’t , however , know why . that situation is now changing as researchers involve more females and start actively looking for differences . indeed , jeff imagines a future where pharmaceutical companies produce pain-killing drugs that are specific to one gender . so perhaps we’ll have pink painkillers for women , and blue ones for boys , each honed to work on the specific male or female brain . ‘ if that happens , ’ says jeff , ‘that’ll be a first in medicine . ’ it may also mean far more effective medication for all of us . head injury , a leading cause of death and disability in young people , is another area where studying gender differences could bring significant benefits . is your brain male or female ? documentary premieres on sbs one on monday at 7.30pm . a couple of years ago , i was in a large military hospital in afghanistan , filming a series called frontline medicine for the bbc . i saw a number of soldiers , male and female , with serious head injuries . i was told that the women were likely to make a better recovery than the men . why ? it may be , in part , because women have higher levels of progesterone . progesterone is best known as a female hormone , involved in the menstrual cycle and pregnancy , but it is also important for the development of neurones — the cells that carry messages in the brain . animal studies and a few small human trials have shown that giving progesterone soon after suffering a brain injury improves survival and recovery . larger studies , some of them funded by the military , are currently underway . this , i think , is why researching gender differences is worth doing . it is not because it will help us understand why men struggle to remember their children’s birthdays or why there are fewer female darts players , but because it may help us find more effective ways to tackle disease . is your brain male or female ? documentary premieres on sbs one on monday at 7.30pm . tests extracted from a quiz at bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/sex , devised in conjunction with dr simon baron-cohen .