these incredible photos are about as close to an adult version of where 's wally as you can get . blended into the background , these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings . camouflaged in body paint , women pose for the camera against a backdrop of overgrown woodland . a series of pictures by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . in many of the pictures , the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is . the jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of jörg düsterwald , a 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from hameln , germany . jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his body-painting skills in a range of creative projects including advertising , corporate events , and tv marketing campaigns . his work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the german brush-painting champion at a national competition . the artist places the model next to a tree half-painted and then adds the details to make her blend into the environment . some of the models are so well camouflaged that it is impossible to work out where they are . the artist is a well-renowned body painter who has used his skills in tv adverts . the photoshoots , which take several hours to complete are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the model . the pre-painted model is then placed against an item like a tree or a mossy log and then jörg adds details that will help to camouflage her using his portable paint kit . as well as his recent forest shoot in brullsen , germany , which took place earlier this week , jörg has also painted models into a number of other backdrops . they include mechanic garages , music shops and fishing ports . the women are required to lie still for long periods of time so that they can be painted into the background and the photographed . jörg has also painted models into a number of other backdrops , including include mechanic garages , music shops and fishing ports . 