former saturday night live cast member gary kroeger announced tuesday that he is running for congress in iowa . a former saturday night live cast member is running for congress in iowa , and he says it is n't a laughing matter . gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district . the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . ' i 'm a lion of liberalism . i truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , ' kroeger said tuesday . kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985 , and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus . after a long entertainment career , he moved back to iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons . he now works for an advertising agency and lives in waterloo . freshman republican rep. rod blum currently represents the district , which covers the northeastern part of the state . two other democrats are already in the primary race : cedar rapids councilwoman monica vernon and cedar rapids businessman ravi patel . kroeger said he has n't spoken about running for congress with a fellow snl alumnus , minnesota sen. al franken . kroeger was a cast member on snl from 1982 to 1985 . pictured on the left in a christmas sketch with julia louis -dreyfus ( center ) and eddie murphy as gumby . kroeger attended the the 40th anniversary of snl in february , bringing his son chris along for the celebrity-filled event . kroeger said his run for office is no joke , but he hopes to enjoy the process . ' nothing is funny about it , per se . it 's very difficult , ' kroeger said . he later added : ' i am a person who is nearly 58 years old who has spent his life having a good time . everything has to have an element of fun . there has to be a sense of joy . ' he recently attended the 40th anniversary celebration of the sketch-comedy show , with son chris as his guest . in photos posted to his personal facebook , kroeger is seen rubbing elbows with paul rudd while sneaking in a selfie with paul mccartney and dana carvey in the background . kroeger posted pictures of the event to facebook , in which he and his son mingled with stars like paul rudd ( right ) . kroeger swiped out his camera in time to take a selfie with paul mccartney and dana carvey in the background .