vladmir lenin may have been dead for 90 years , but his corpse looks better than the day he passed . this is the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body . they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning , creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications . scroll down for video . vladmir lenin may have been dead for 90 years , but his corpse looks better than the day he passed . this is the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body . pictured is his body in 1997 . the gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the ' mausoleum group ' which , at its peak , involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the former leader 's corpse . according to a detailed report by jeremy hsu in scientific american , the russians prefer to preserve the body 's shape , weight , colour and flexibility , rather than biological tissue . ' they have to substitute occasional parts of skin and flesh with plastics and other materials , ' alexei yurchak , professor of social anthropology at the university of california , berkeley told mr hsu . ' that makes it dramatically different from everything in the past , such as mummification . ' yurchak has published a paper on this project in the journal representations , along with a book , ' everything was forever , until it was no more : the last soviet generation . ' the bolshevik leader 's remains were embalmed on stalin 's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 and kept on display in moscow apart from a period in the second world war . the revolutionary 's body is on public display in a mausoleum on moscow 's red square more than two decades after the break-up of the former ussr . vladmir lenin was behind the bolshevik take-over of power in russia in 1917 . he was also the architect and first head of the ussr . born in simbirsk , he was expelled from university for his radical policies while studying law . this prompted him to move to st petersburg , where he became a revolutionary . he was arrested and exiled to siberia . he later spent most of his time in western europe , where he became the leader of the ' bolshevik ' faction of the russian social democratic worker 's party . in 1917 , lenin returned to russia where he led what was to be known as the october revolution . around three years of civil war followed in which millions died . in 1918 , lenin survived an assassination attempt , but was severely wounded . in 1922 he suffered a stroke from which he never fully recovered . but this year russian officials closed red square so that scientists could prepare the body for public display during lenin 's 145th birthday anniversary – which took place yesterday . in his book , yurchak describes how a mild bleach is often used to deal with occasional fungus stains on lenin 's face . one such stain that appeared on lenin 's cheek had the embalmers worried for their lives when they were unable to remove it . ' they might have even killed us , ' ilya zbarsky , who managed to bleach away the mould , told jewish world review . ' the atmosphere of fear and terror was there for us scientists , just as it was for everyone in the society . ' the skin is studied each week using precision instruments that can measure moisture , colour and contour to look for signs of dehydration . every two years and the body is immersed in a bath of glycerol and potassium acetate for 30 days – a technique which scientists say could make the body last for centuries . while lenin 's blood , bodily fluids and internal organs were removed , his eyebrows , moustache and goatee are his own . a material made of paraffin , glycerin and carotene is used to replace most of lenin 's skin . vladmir lenin was behind the bolshevik take-over of power in russia in 1917 . he was also the architect and first head of the ussr . he is pictured here in 1918 , six years before his death . some of the techniques have had real-world medical applications , according to scientific american . for instance , one technique inspired technology used to keeping the blood moving through donor kidneys during transplantation . the bolshevik leader 's remains were embalmed on stalin 's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 and kept on display in moscow apart from a period in the second world war . in 2012 , russia was edging towards a historic decision to bury the embalmed corpse of the founder of the soviet union . the former culture minister vladimir medinsky said it was ' absurd ' that lenin had not been laid to rest 88 years after his death . calling for him to be buried in a normal grave , as lenin himself had requested , medinsky said : ' maybe something would change for the better in our lives then . ' putin has repeatedly postponed a decision on burial , arguing that lenin remained an icon for many elderly russians . the revolutionary 's body is on public display in a mausoleum on moscow 's red square more than two decades after the break-up of the former ussr .