britain 's most famous pools winner who pledged to ' spend , spend , spend ' after winning more than £150,000 has died . viv nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith . the win , on a football betting pool , in which gamblers predict the results of football games across a season , would be worth up to £5million in today 's money . the pair , from castleford , west yorkshire , splurged the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth within four years of winning . scroll down for video . viv nicholson , 79 , from west yorkshire , who became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith ( pictured with bruce forsyth ) has passed away following a lengthy battle with dementia . mrs nicholson ( above ) and her husband splurged the cash - worth about £5million today - on expensive cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away at least half of their wealth within four years of winning . however , tragedy struck when mr nicholson died at the wheel of his blue jaguar in 1965 , which led to mrs nicholson being declared bankrupt , as the tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband 's wealth . she managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle , but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market . she later suffered a stroke in 2011 , which her son said led to the onset of dementia , and moved into a care home . her family confirmed she passed away yesterday following a long battle with the brain disease and requested for donations to be made to dementia uk in her memory . in a statement released today , her son howard said : ' we are saddened to announce the death of our much loved mum , viv nicholson . ' after suffering with dementia for five years , she died on april 11 at pinderfields hospital with her sons at her side . ' viv was a one-off in all ways - a loving and loved mother , a glamorous great grandmother and a friend to many . mrs nicholson lived a fascinating lifestyle , staying true to her word by spending all of the money which she famously won when she was just 25-years-old . in 2007 , she recalled the evening she realised she had won the huge sum of money . she said : ' we found out on saturday evening that we 'd won the pools , but we could n't find the coupon . we were n't sure if we 'd sent it off or not , but then the winning ticket turned up in keith 's trousers . ' it 's unbelievable that i remember the exact amount we won so clearly - it was £152,300 , 18 shillings and eight pence . back then , even the eight pence meant something . ' i walked half a mile to the post office to send the telegram to the pools company . within a couple of days , we were in london and famous . ' mrs nicholson , 79 , lived a fascinating lifestyle , staying true to her word by spending all of the money which she famously won on the pools in 1961 . pictured : actress and singer barbara dickson with mrs nicholson in 1999 . mrs nicholson ( pictured above ) previously condemned people who criticised her for spending all of the money she won , saying it was her life and she ' wo n't be told how to live it ' . right : newspaper coverage of her win . the couple found themselves being mobbed by reporters at kings cross station . then the cheque was presented to them by bruce forsyth . asked what she planned to do with it , viv gleefully replied : ' spend , spend , spend ! ' back then , there was no network to support or advise big winners - possibly because hardly anyone had ever won that much . having promised to spend , not save , the naive young couple retreated to yorkshire and recklessly proceeded to do just that . they bought a large bungalow in a smart suburb a few miles down the road from where they grew up and she ordered dresses from harrods , bought a pink chevrolet and then swapped it for a different luxury car every six months . keith , a former miner , bought a racehorse and the children were sent to boarding school . she said : ' we travelled all over the states and europe . ' however , the money soon started to dwindle and mr nicholson died when his car skidded off the a1 just four years after the big win . following his death , mrs nicholson married four more times , but was widowed again and went on to battle with alcohol and depression . a short-lived attempt to start a new life in malta was soon curtailed after she was deported for fighting with a police officer . in desperation she took to performing ' big spender ' in a manchester strip club , but was fired when she refused to take off her underwear . in 1984 , the smiths asked her to pose for the cover of their hit single heaven knows i 'm miserable now . her story was turned into a televised bbc play and later a musical - both called spend , spend , spend in honour of her catchphrase . the production even appeared on the west end , netting mrs nicholson £100,000 royalties . mrs nicholson ( pictured outside the home she lived in when she won the pools ) married four more times following the death of husband keith . her family have asked for donations to dementia uk in her memory . her story was turned into a televised bbc play and later a musical - both called spend , spend , spend in honour of her catchphrase . the production premiered at the west yorkshire playhouse in leeds before a run at london 's west end . mrs nicholson received royalties of around £100,000 from the musical , which were spent , and she revealed in an interview with the mail in 2007 that she was living off of her state pension and seeking work . at the time , she said she could n't help but spend her royalties or the money she received from her 1978 autobiography . ' i ca n't not do , i love to spend , ' she said . she also criticised people who condemned her for splashing her cash and not investing it wisely . she said : ' people say i should be ashamed of what i spent my money on , and that i could have done so much more . ' but when i lost my last 20 grand on the stock market , i did not cry about it . i had a good whack and enjoyed what i did . ' it may have served me right - maybe i was wild and crazy . but it is my life and i wo n't be told how to live it . '