a selection of thirsty animals were captured drinking water in their own unique way – and the results are hilarious . elad hershkowitz , a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv , placed a gopro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives . the animals – ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it – were recorded for a total of 30 hours . zookeeper elad hershkowitz , of the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera . he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours . the 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes . he said : ‘ capturing this footage was really special . it offers a completely unique perspective to anything i’ve ever seen before . ‘ i had the idea whilst walking around the enclosures and i saw the zebras drinking . ‘ it made me curious to see what was going on below so i decided to check how the rest of the animals drink . hershkowitz said some of the animals were initially sceptical about the foreign object in their troughs . a commanding rhino appears to almost kiss the surface of the water after it purses its lips and takes a drink . ‘ there is a massive difference in how each animal drinks . carnivores , like lions , drink a lot like domesticated cats and dogs . herbivores like the rhinos and zebras suck up the water with their lips . ’ according to mr hershkowitz , some of the animals were initially sceptical about the foreign object placed at the bottom of their trough . he said they attempted to check them out by putting their hooves and paws into the water first before going to take a drink . eventually however , they got used to the camera’s presence and drank freely . a lemur is featured in the four minute footage and delicately licks the surface of the water with its tongue . a herd of zebra humorously bare their teeth while gently sipping the water from their trough . the zookeeper also anticipated a range of reactions from the animals before the experiment and ensured that the camera was secure before it took place . ‘ i was really worried the lions would bite off the gopro , so i placed a sheet of acrylic glass above the camera , ’ he said . in the clip the lion can be seen aggressively breaking the surface of the water with its tongue , and is in complete contrast to a herd of zebra , who humorously bare their teeth while gently sipping .