tragic : joshua vaughan , 17 , died in january this year when he was struck by a train . a teenage boy who had been having relationship problems with his 'on-off ' girlfriend , died when he was struck by a train just minutes after he spoke to his mother on the phone , an inquest heard . joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield , on january 7 , an inquest heard . shortly before his death , his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook , saying the teen was on a platform and that ' he was going to end it ' . his mother stacey vaughan told the inquest how she had immediately phoned joshua , an apprentice at an insurance firm , and found that he was crying . mrs vaughan said she had told her son to come home , and that she would come and fetch him at the station . mrs vaughan called the police , but by the time she got to the station , joshua 's body had already been found on the line , the inquest heard . before his death , joshua had been suffering relationship problems with his girlfriend , who was a few years younger , and his family had expressed concerns about the relationship . ' i was quite worried about josh having to deal with this as he was just starting off in his working life , ' she said . her son had recently sought medical treatment after he seemed ' unhappy and was n't eating as normal . ' he said he did n't know why he was unhappy but his gp said ' they were due to relationship problems . ' mrs vaughan said : ' the doctor was under the impression he did n't want to be in a relationship any more . she thought he was too young to go on medication and his problems were relationship related . ' she said the couple broke up ' now and again ' and her son had told her he had finished with the girl and had not been in contact with her . mrs vaughan said she had received a phone call from joshua 's superior a week before christmas , where he said he had found the 17-year-old crying with marks on his wrists , and that joshua had told him he ' did it to himself ' . the teenager 's parents decided to seek professional help but joshua said he was not keen on going to the doctor 's and after a ' fantastic ' family christmas he said he was thinking about patching it up with the girl . on the evening of the tragedy he went out with a male friend and seemed in a good mood . when she got to the station she said : ' i was stopped by the police . i was in a right state , panicking about what was happening . a female officer came and said a train had struck him . i was shocked and devastated . everything after that was a blur . ' british transport police det con ian grice said the train drivers saw something on the tracks as he approached the station . heartbreaking : minutes before joshua died , his 'on-off ' girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook , saying the teen was on a platform at chapeltown station and that ' he was going to end it ' . ' the drivers thought it was something obstructing the line . as they got closer they saw it was a person . they applied the emergency brakes straight away . ' witnesses said the teenager had earlier been seen on the platform looking at oncoming trains and cctv footage showed him pacing up and down the platform before disappearing off camera . ' all the witnesses said joshua was a good lad , hard-working and friendly , ' said dc grice . ' there was nothing the train driver could have done . ' joshua , of chapeltown , died from multiple injuries . toxicology tests showed no evidence of drugs or drink in his system . assistant sheffield coroner louise slater said she was satisfied he had acted alone but was unsure about his intentions . ' there had been some difficulties and he was struggling with his mood , ' she said . ' at the time he was n't fully able to apprecaite what he was doing . ' she recorded a narrative conclusion : ' joshua died as a result of injuries he sustained while in collision with a train . at the time when the incident occurred it is unclear whether he fully understood the consequences of his actions . ' she told his parents stacey and christopher : ' there is nothing more you could have done on that evening or in the weeks before to prevent that tragedy . ' joshua played for local football team chapeltown juniors and friends later played a match in his memory .