armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture ) . a holidaymaker who jetted off to cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage . paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager . but after a spending spree on the trip , armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage . a court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ' startle and repel ' . armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it . judge john milford qc told newcastle crown court : ' the general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs . ' what he did was foolish . it must be realised that the court takes very seriously the bringing into this country of those items . ' a stun gun is , within the legislation of this country , a firearm . it is an extremely serious offence to possess one . ' it is highly undesirable that they should be in circulation in this country . ' the 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £2,000 costs at newcastle crown court ( pictured ) . the judge said a prison sentence was not necessary in armstrong 's case as there was no suggestion he would use the weapons , had never been in trouble before and had recently found employment . judge milford added : ' he had an extremely good job lined up . as a consequence of these proceedings , which he had to reveal to his perspective employers , he lost that job . ' as such , armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £2,000 costs . glen gatland , defending , said ; ' he has never been in trouble with the police and is of previous good character . ' he went on holiday to cyprus with four friends ( in the summer of 2013 ) who had been to primary school together . ' the reason he went was because he had been offered a job as it project manager with retail branches in london and zurich . ' he would have been moving away and not able to see his friends . ' the court heard three of the friends who had been on the holiday with armstrong received warnings after batons and knuckle dusters were found in their luggage . mr gatland said the weapons were bought from a ' corner shop ' in cyprus and armstrong had been given the knuckle duster free with his other purchases .