carrying out the perfect u-turn can be tricky at the best of times , so spare a thought for this coach driver who had to complete it on a narrow river slipway . not only did the driver have to perform the manoeuvre , he also had to do it while carrying a bus full of french tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby . the coach driver found himself stuck on slipway , with a queue of cars behind , after he tried to board a ferry in devon only to get turned back . this is the moment that a french coach was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth , devon . eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary . unable to reverse back up the way he had come , the driver had no other option than to attempt the u-turn . terrified gallic customers were said to have clung onto their seats as the driver slowly shunted forward and back . eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move and the bus would slid into the estuary . tourists and locals enjoying the sunshine at dartmouth gathered to watch as the coach , owned by french operator sovetours , was turned back when it tried to board the ferry on the kingswear side of the river dart . a spokesman for the dartmouth higher ferry company confirmed that the coach was too big to be allowed to cross . he said 'triple-axle coaches are not permitted to use the ferry as they are usually overweight . ' experience has shown that damage can occur to the rear of the vehicle during loading and unloading . there are clear signs in place to warn drivers . ' the ferry service between dartmouth and kingswear costs £4.70 for cars and 50p for foot passengers for a single journey . it clearly states on the firm 's website that they are unable to carry triple-axie coaches . after much french blue language , the driver managed to complete a u-turn on the seaweed covered , sloping slipway and head back to go the long way round . the coach driver was turned back after trying to take a ferry to cross the river dart in dartmouth , devon ( file picture of river dart in dartmouth ) . 