calfornia gov . jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday but as these photos taken on saturday show , the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once technicolor landscape of lush yards , emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools . the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . state reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall . scroll down for video . calfornia gov . jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday but as these photos show , the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once technicolor landscape of lush yards , emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools . aerial view overlooking landscaping in rancho santa fe : california . gov . jerry brown has demanded a 25 percent cut in urban water usage and everyone from golf courses and other industrial and recreational facilities , as well as personal , home usage are impacted . the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . state reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall . on thursday , retired secretary brenda johnson stood in the doorway of her sacramento home contemplating her lovingly tended lawn and azalea bushes . johnson did not love the idea of brown as the new green . ' with the money i put into it , i do n't want it to go dry , ' said johnson , who got a warning letter from the city last year for watering her front yard on the wrong day . ' i do n't want a dead lawn , ' she said . ' but change is hard , and you do adjust . ' in southern california 's sunbathed city of long beach , homeowner katherine rusconi stood among the bright red , pink and yellow succulents and desert plants that make up her front yard , basking in the knowledge of being ahead of the game . the city of long beach gave her $ 3,000 in rebates for ripping out her own lawn less than two years ago . some of her neighbors have since followed her lead , making the block a showpiece of water-saving , wildlife-friendly yards . with so much of southern california a desert climate , ' this should have been in place for some time , ' rusconi said of the restrictions . aerial view overlooking landscaping in san diego , california . everyone from campuses , golf courses and other industrial and recreational facilities , as well as personal , home usage are specifically targeted by gov . brown 's cut in water usage . brown 's move to get tough on water use came after his push for voluntary conservation yielded mixed results . asked by brown in january 2014 to cut their water consumption by 20 percent , californians achieved only about half that . brown 's move to get tough on water use came after his push for voluntary conservation yielded mixed results . asked by brown in january 2014 to cut their water consumption by 20 percent , californians achieved only about half that . affluent southern california communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders , topping 300 gallons of water per person a day compared with 70 gallons for some san francisco bay area communities . state water officials will now draw up the emergency regulations to carry out the governor 's order and hope to have them ready for enactment in may , said george kostyrko , spokesman for the state water resources control board . the governor 's order requires the roughly 400 water agencies around the state to cut water use by one-quarter from the 2013 level . the state government is also ramping up a water conservation campaign that will include billboards and radio messages through the end of june . homeowners will get rebates for replacing lawns with greenery more suited to the semi-arid state and for installing more water-thrifty appliances and plumbing fixtures . the state also will press water agencies to impose higher , graduated rates to discourage water guzzling . affluent southern california communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders , topping 300 gallons of water per person a day compared with 70 gallons for some san francisco bay area communities . state water officials will now draw up the emergency regulations to carry out the governor 's order and hope to have them ready for enactment in may . the governor 's order requires the roughly 400 water agencies around the state to cut water use by one-quarter from the 2013 level . cemeteries , golf courses and business headquarters must cut back significantly on watering the grass and shrubs . and new homes will not be allowed to use drinking water for irrigation unless they have water-stingy drip systems . homeowners and water districts that violate the rules will be subject to fines , but many of the enforcement details have yet to be worked out . state water officials stress it 's the lush , green blades of grass they are after . ' when it is all said and done , what we are asking is that they cut back dramatically on their outdoor watering , ' kostyrko said . californians should water enough to save their trees , water board head felicia marcus said , but should let their lawns go the way of all mortal things . in sacramento , goud chetan has already scalped his front lawn , leaving it bare dirt on thursday . chetan said he will lay down gravel and shrubs instead , though not necessarily to be a good citizen during the drought . ' really it 's about the water bill and saving money , ' chetan said . the state government is also ramping up a water conservation campaign that will include billboards and radio messages through the end of june . homeowners will get rebates for replacing lawns with greenery more suited to the semi-arid state and for installing more water-thrifty appliances and plumbing fixtures . cemeteries , golf courses and business headquarters must cut back significantly on watering the grass and shrubs . and new homes will not be allowed to use drinking water for irrigation unless they have water-stingy drip systems . some water experts and economists are dubious the crackdown will succeed . californians will embrace saving water if they feel everyone is doing the same , water experts said . brown 's cutback order , however , exempts agriculture , which consumes 80 percent of all the water that californians use . ' in times of scarcity , human nature is to do one 's share if you think others are making similar sacrifices , ' said jonas minton , a former senior state water official , now an adviser to the california-based planning and conservation league policy group . ' when it appears others are taking more than their share , it can be reduced to every person for themselves . ' but farmers have already done their part , fallowing land and paying more for water , said shawn stevenson , a farmer in california 's agricultural heartland , the central valley . stevenson said he had to rip out nearly half his almond , pistachio and citrus trees . ' it 's nice to know that some of our fellow state residents are going to share in the pain , ' he said . ' why they did n't do it last year , i do n't know . ' californians should water enough to save their trees , water board head felicia marcus said , but should let their lawns go the way of all mortal things . homeowners and water districts that violate the rules will be subject to fines , but many of the enforcement details have yet to be worked out . 