a seller on ebay has claimed that he has former new england patriots player aaron hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off . the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date . hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home . scroll down for video . an ebay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old . the listing on ebay claimed that it was selling hernandez 's suffolk county jail id card , according to cbs boston . ' i was in jail with aaron hernandez the for patriot super star.. . i happen to com across his jail id ( sic ) , ' the user posted . the starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on saturday . it is unclear whether the user or ebay staff removed the auction item from the site . the listing , which was deleted on saturday and had zero bids , was posted by a user who claimed he was in jail with hernandez . jurors in hernandez 's trial deliberated for nearly 20 hours over the last week considering whether to convict the former football player . they return to court on monday . in addition to the murder charge , they must decide whether to convict him on charges of illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition . two friends of hernandez , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , are also charged with murder and will be tried separately . hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . prosecutors contend that the three men , in the early hours of june 17 , 2013 , picked lloyd up at his home in boston and drove him to the industrial park where his body was found riddled with bullets later that day . during the trial , which began in january and featured more than 130 witnesses , prosecutors showed video footage of hernandez coming and going from his home around the time of lloyd 's death . investigators did not recover the gun that was used to shoot lloyd , a .45-caliber glock pistol . hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations . if convicted of first-degree murder , he would be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . a second-degree murder conviction would lead to a life sentence with the possibility of parole after 15 years . hernandez had been a rising star in the national football league with a $ 41million contract when he was arrested on june 26 , 2013 . the patriots dropped him within hours .