a former florida state university student has filed a lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston , claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . the lawsuit by erica kinsman , which seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback , was filed two weeks before the april 30 nfl draft . winston could be selected as the first overall pick . winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year . the hearing was held to determine whether winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment . scroll down for video . former florida state university student erica kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston , saying he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . former fsu quarterback and heisman winner winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . but john clune , a lawyer for kinsman , said in a statement there are consequences for winston 's behavior ' and since others have refused to hold him accountable , our client will . ' ' erica hopes to show other survivors the strength and empowerment that can come from refusing to stay silent no matter what forces are against you , ' clune said . december 7 , 2012 - erica kinsman files a police report claiming she was raped , though she can not identify the attacker . january 10 , 2013 - she tells tallahassee police she recognizes winston as the assailant in a class and hears a professor call his name . november 13 , 2013 - prosecutor willie meggs is notified of the allegations and pushes police on an investigation , during which key witnesses are interviewed and evidence is sought . november 2013 - kinsman drops out of fsu , later claiming she received death threats for claiming she was raped by winston . december 5 , 2013 - meggs decides against pursuing criminal charges , saying that evidence is insufficient . december 14 , 2013 - winston wins the heisman trophy , becoming the youngest player , at 19 , to do so . january 6 , 2014 - winston and the seminoles win the bcs championship against auburn . december 21 , 2014 - fsu clears winston of any code of conduct violations after hearing presided over by retired florida supreme court justice major harding . he added : ' jameis winston in contrast has proven time and time again to be an entitled athlete who believes he can take what he wants . ' he took something here that he was not entitled to and he hurt someone . kinsman told her alleged sexual assault story publicly in a documentary titled the hunting ground , which casts a critical eye on the role that fraternities , athletic departments and schools play in rape investigations on campus . kinsman fights tears as she details her account of the december 2012 night , when as a freshman , she remembers running into a man at a tallahassee potbelly 's , according to the daily beast . she says someone was creepily following her around the bar throughout the night and only stopped when a second man put his arm around her and told the pursuer he was her boyfriend . kinsman claims that man then bought her a shot , after which she began to feel dizzy , although she faintly recalls taking a cab to an apartment . she says the next thing she remembers is coming to while the man on top of her , penetrating her , and claims that she asked him to stop . the man allegedly ignored both her and his roommate , who kinsman says entered the room , when they told him to stop . he then took her into the bathroom , kinsman said . there , she says , he raped her while he held her head against the tiles , and when he was finished told her , ' you can leave now . ' not knowing where the apartment was , kinsman says she took an offer for a ride on the man 's scooter back to a location she recognized , fearing what would happen if he knew where she lived . kinsman 's lawsuit , which goes into detail about the 2012 incident , accuses winston of rape , assault , false imprisonment and emotional distress . winston has avoided criminal charges , and a florida state university conduct code hearing found there was not enough evidence to determine whether he was guilty . according to a new york times investigation of the ensuing police investigation , kinsman reported the assault in the early morning immediately after it happened , but did not identify the assailant . tallahassee police officer scott angulo wrote he ' had no real leads ' until kinsman contacted police a month later , saying she saw the man in class and heard his name called , identifying him as winston . the lawsuit , which goes into detail about the 2012 incident , accuses winston of rape , assault , false imprisonment and emotional distress . because the burden of proof is much lower in a civil lawsuit than in a criminal case , kinsman could have a better chance of winning a jury verdict if it goes to trial . david s. weinstein , a former federal prosecutor now in private practice in miami , said in a civil case the standard amounts to the ' greater weight ' of the evidence , or ' merely tipping the scales in favor of the plaintiff . ' in a criminal case , prosecutors must prove a person 's guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , meaning jurors must be entirely convinced of guilt . kinsman dropped out of fsu after the incident , later claiming she received death threats for claiming she was raped by winston . a month after prosecutors decided there was not enough evidence to pursue criminal charges , winston led the seminoles to a comeback victory against auburn in the bcs title game . ' the scales have to be tipped all the way over to the side of the prosecution , ' said weinstein , who is not involved in the case . weinstein also said that he thought kinsman 's chances of prevailing were good , based on the detailed allegations and multiple witness statements in the lawsuit . but that does n't mean it will be easy . ' the defense will drag her character through the mud , so this is going to be an unpleasant process for her , ' he said . ' however , winston has a lot to lose , so i foresee a settlement and not a trial . ' kinsman has also filed a lawsuit against fsu 's trustees , asserting that university officials had knowledge of her alleged sexual harassment and discrimination by the star quarterback and this created a hostile educational environment for her . the lawsuit seeks unspecified damages , including reimbursement for tuition , damages for emotional pain and suffering and loss of past and present earning and earning capacity . lawyers for the university 's board of trustees contend the lawsuit should be dismissed because it does not show that fsu was responsible for her harassment , but they also maintain that they offered her assistance . kinsman 's story was featured in the documentary film the hunting ground , which is an expose on the way fraternities , athletic departments and universities affect rape investigations .