she 's previously spoken of her love of shoes , claiming she 's a ' girly girl ' whose footwear gives her added ' confidence ' , so it was no surprise foreign minister julie bishop was starstruck when she caught up with her fashion icon - world-renowned shoemaker jimmy choo . and while she may have been in the presence of shoe royalty , ms bishop fell victim to one of the cardinal sins of fashion , by failing to wear 66-year-old mr choo 's designs during their meeting , opting for another designer's shoes instead . ms bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members , while shoe designer jimmy choo , who is the tourism ambassador for malaysia , is currently in the west australian city to host his first ever australian masterclass . the pair crossed paths at popular japanese restaurant nobu , in perth 's crown casino , where choo was a special guest at a luncheon , attended by ms bishop . scroll down for video . when politics meets fashion : jimmy choo is in australia to host his first ever masterclass here while julie bishop was meeting the families of sas members . 58-year-old julie bishop is famously a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer 's pieces , regularly seen opting for her favourite pair of jimmy choo leopard print heels when she attends parliament . although on this occasion , she did n't wear his famous designs with a spokesperson for the minister telling daily mail australia she ' wore one of his friend 's designs ' . she is also a huge supporter of christian louboutin , louis vuitton and she also wears perth designer isabel aujoule . the deputy leader of the liberal party turned on the glamour for her meeting with the shoe extraordinaire , opting for a chic navy knee-length dress , partnered with a light oversized purple blazer and a camel coloured bag . ms bishop finished off her look with a pair of red and black kitten-heeled shoes which were not from jimmy choos vast collection . she added a pop of colour to her nails by painting them an eye-catching cerise pink . while her fashion style was on point , ms bishop was sporting an eye-catching graze down the front of her right leg . a spokesperson for the minister told daily mail australia that ms bishop hurt her leg during a swimming accident , just before her trip to perth . starstruck : foreign minister julie bishop caught up with one of her favourite shoe designers over the easter holidays . when two worlds collide : the pair came together for a special lunch in perth . ms bishop was in the city to talk to the families of sas members while choo is hosting a masterclass at curtin university . famous face : julie bishop has openly discussed her love of shoes in the past and counts jimmy choo as one of her favourite designers . ' give a girl the right shoes and she can take on the world . ' ' i wear what i wear and if people want to take a photograph of me in it , and put it in harper 's bazzar or who or wherever , that’s fine but it’s me being me . this is how i dress . this is what i look like . ' ' i know what suits , i know my size pretty well , so i can shop quite easily . and i definitely know what i like and i don’t like , so it does n't take me very long to shop . ' ' i 'm interested in fashion and i always have been , it 's part of who i am . ' ms bishop is a fan of ' investment pieces ' and has often spoke about her love of shoes and how envious she was of sex and the city character carrie bradshaw 's wardrobe in the cult film . she gushed in a interview that her dream wardrobe would be ' carrie 's out of sex and the city . the one where she buys an apartment with big , you know the one , in the movie ? ' . ' give a girl the right shoes and she can take on the world , ' she told news corp on her passion for her feisty red stilettos she is often seen sporting . ' yes , i 'm a shoe lover , i admit . absolutely , absolutely , ' she said . ' shoes are part of your self-expression , they can give you confidence . i think they 're so important . ' i love a heel , i usually wear heels but i 'm as happy in ballet flats , in casual wear and i particularly love boots . ' shoe fanatics : the pair crossed paths at nobu restaurant in perth 's crown casino . brave fashion choices : ms bishop often wears a range of designer shoes in parliament . best foot forward : ms bishop is known for her immaculate and polished appearance but does not have a stylist . ms bishop , who became the first female deputy leader of the liberal party and the first woman to be foreign minister , is now one of the most famous faces in australian politics . she is renowned for her immaculate and polished appearance , however she has admitted that she does not have a stylist . she applies chanel cosmetics to her face and during her treasured half-hour 6km daily run she dons 2xu and asics sports gear . despite her penchant for designer garb , people have revealed deep down ms bishop is in fact a ' girly girl ' , but she maintains it only takes her 30 minutes to shower , dress and do her hair and make up every morning . ' i can do make-up and hair in a very short space of time . you have to because you 're constantly on the move , constantly on the run , ' she explained . loud and proud : ms bishop is famously a huge fan of jimmy choo shoes , regularly seen opting for her favourite pair when she is out and about . place of power : while she may be one of the most well-known women in australia , she 's a big fan of louis vuitton and christian louboutin heels - particularly the red stiletto kind . in august , ms bishop told the herald sun that she has been interested in fashion since she was a little girl and revealed that she had already met malaysian designer jimmy choo . ' i 'm interested in fashion and i always have been , it 's part of who i am , ' she said . bishop said she ' absolutely ' wears her beloved christian louboutin high heels in parliament — ' those red soles ' – and when she met jimmy choo for the first time , she wore her favourite leopard-print choo stilettos . ' i 've been wearing high heels for a very long time , much to the chagrin of orthopedic surgeons around the country , ' she told the publication . ms bishop visited western australia over easter to talk to the families of sas members , who have expressed concerns over the security of a new special air service regiment village , set to be built to house single and soldiers and sas families . dressed to impress : julie bishop leaving a press conference at parliament house in canberra . she knows what suits her and dresses to suit her shape . working on her fitness : during her treasured half an hour 6km daily run she dons 2xu and asics sports gear . belle of the ball : julie bishop arrives looking glamorous at the midwinter ball at parliament house in canberra . the minister promised to take their complaints directly to the assistant defence minister stuart robert . while she was there , she dropped into the swanky luncheon at the crown casino to greet mr choo . mr choo is back in perth after falling in love with the city last year , when he was brought to australia by the west australian 's fashion agenda for the business behind the glamour lunch . he was so impressed with the talent on display in perth that he invited a number of students to malaysia for a work-experience opportunity . the fashion icon will today host a masterclass at curtin university , where he will offer students advice on building a global brand . on friday , he will chair ' the fashion tank ' , where a panel of fashion experts will offer selected students feedback on their work . born in malaysia in 1961 , choo was always interested in the world of fashion . fashion inspiration : ms bishop has previously claimed that she envious of carrie bradshaw 's ( pictured ) wardrobe in sex and the city . fashion rebel : ms bishop as often breaks the mould when it comes to her formal attire . here she is seem meeting china 's foreign minister wang yi wearing a pair of navy suede knee-high boots . paving the path : the minister has revealed that wearing bright and fashionable shoes make her feel better about herself . at the age of 11 , he made his first pair of shoes , educated in the art of shoe-making by his cobbler father . he opened his first shop in hackney in 1986 and his shoes quickly became a fashion staple in british women 's wardrobes . he shot to fame when his shoes were catapulted into the international spotlight when they got noticed by celebrities such as sarah jessica parker and even royalty , when diana was spotted out and about in a pair of his finest designs . choo sold his share of the business in 2001 for a reported £10 million however he still designs shoes for his exclusive couture line . dress to impress : bishop said she ' absolutely ' wears her beloved christian louboutin high heels in parliament and when she met jimmy choo for the first time , she wore her favourite leopard-print choo stilettos . quick dresser : despite her penchant for designer garb she maintains it only takes her 30 minutes to shower , dress and do her hair and make up every morning . working woman : ms bishop visited western australia over easter to talk to the families of sas members . speaking to the west australian , mr choo gushed about the most remote city in the world , claiming he fell in love with the pace of life and the people . ' it 's a beautiful place , i can feel it in my heart , ' professor choo told the west australian . ' i 'm a tourism ambassador for malaysia but i do n't just want to tell people to come to my country , i want to tell them to come to perth . ' it 's full of tranquillity and people are very kind . it 's a special place . '