it was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the lpga golf tournament in hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course . an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time . the drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away . ' this fella obviously paid a lot of money for this hat because he 's gone into the water to go and get it , ' one commenter said . he continued : ' and is he going to be able to get out ? that 's the big question . can he do it ? ' ' he almost fell over going in , ' another tv announcer butted in . the man - dressed in camel-colored shorts and a green t-shirt - was then seen putting one leg up on the shoreline in a bid to haul himself out . caught on camera : it was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the lpga golf tournament in hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course . taking a dip : an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . but before viewers could catch glimpse of what happened , the cameras cut to the 6th hole . ' that could go on for a long time , ' the announcer said , signaling that the pond escape was proving quite a struggle . according to thegolfnewsnet.com , the man made it out of the water with his hat , but had to leave the beer behind . a golf cart then arrived , presumably with security who may have escorted the patron out . the 2015 lotte championship , presented by hershey , comes to a close on april 18 . the event attracted more than 100 of the world 's top female golfers all competing for a share of the $ 1.7 million purse . comical : announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same tim .