all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers , union officials have said . the ‘ hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . research from the nasuwt union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils . union officials from nasuwt say the ‘ hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . the behaviour of some youngsters – who hurl chairs , bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils’ throats – is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year . meanwhile 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014 . some 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil , up ten percentage points , and 16 per cent had actually been attacked . this was a rise of seven percentage points on last year . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year . nasuwt general secretary chris keates blamed factors including a narrow curriculum , rising class sizes and a lack of parental support for the growing tide of indiscipline . speaking ahead of the union’s annual conference , which opened in cardiff yesterday , she called on the government to produce poster templates for schools , using ‘ strong messages’ . ‘ increasingly , you go into railway stations and you see these posters which are basically saying we don’t tolerate our staff being abused , ’ she said . violent and disruptive pupils led the union to hold eight so-called refusal to teach ballots in schools last year . here are some of the worst cases : birmingham . a year one boy ( age 6-7 ) was not excluded despite a history of physical assaults against staff and other pupils . following notice of nasuwt action , the boy was removed from the school roll . cardiff . a year ten pupil ( age 14-15 ) verbally assaulted a woman teacher and threw a book which hit her face and drew blood . he was not expelled . following notice of intention to ballot , the boy was assigned a learning support assistant at all times and was barred from the teacher’s lessons . glasgow . an 11-year-old boy with a history of physical assaults , verbal abuse and threats of violence to teachers hurled chairs and other objects , but was excluded for only two days . the local authority moved him to another school after the nasuwt’s notice of intention to ballot . ‘ you go into hospitals and you see similar posters , yet the government draws back from wanting to promote that kind of thing in schools . ’ miss keates said that teachers are seen to be ‘ exempt from that kind of protection and respect’ . however , posters that tell ‘ anyone using the premises – pupils , visitors , parents – that staff are not there to be abused’ give an ‘ important message’ . russell hobby , general secretary of the national association of head teachers , said the posters were a ‘ good idea but shouldn’t be forced’ on schools . it comes after the nasuwt launched eight ‘ refusal to teach’ ballots last year due to pupils being allowed back into the classroom despite their abysmal behaviour . in gwynedd , north-west wales , a 14-year-old girl was only temporarily suspended after threatening to slit another girl’s throat at a funfair and making a similar threat at school . she was expelled following the nasuwt’s ballot notice . overall , 73 per cent of union members in this year’s survey believed there was a ‘ widespread behaviour problem in schools’ . the main causes of misbehaviour were lack of parental support ( 61 per cent ) and pupils coming to school not ready to learn ( 44 per cent ) .