spain manager vicente del bosque was flabbergasted as to how his star-studded side failed to find the back of the net despite taking ' command ' of their friendly defeat by holland on tuesday night . despite the visitors dominating significant periods of the match , it was goals to holland 's stefan de vrij and davy klaassen that proved decisive at the amsterdam arena . but it 's spain 's lack of composure in front of goal that most frustrated del bosque . holland 's stefan de vrij meets a cross from wesley sneijder to opening the scoring against spain . within four minutes davy klaasen pounced on the rebound from his own shot after david de gea 's save . vicente del bosque says his spanish side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes . ' it seems impossible not to have scored ... the first 20 minutes have burdened us , ' del bosque said after the match . guus hiddink 's side scored twice in the space of four minutes through a 13th-minute de vrij header from wesley sneijder 's cross before klaassen finished off the rebound from his own shot after it was saved by manchester united 's david de gea . ' we have taken command of the game , we 've been all over them , we have reached the penalty area but we lacked a goal . ' spain 's mario suarez puts his hands on his head after a failed attempt on goal at amsterdam arena . gerard pique shoots into dutch keeper kenneth vermeer in one a number of good chances for spain . spain 's david de gea shows his frustration during the match dominated by his side but ultimately lost . del bosque 's side were unable to atone for the 5-1 world cup thrashing by the same side , a rematch of the 2010 final they won , which was the beginning of the end of their title defence in brazil . on the bright side , del bosque was impressed with the debuts of malaga forward juanmi and sevilla winger vitolo . ' the two rookies have had a good performance . vitolo has been very active and juanmi looked like scoring , ' del bosque added . sevilla winger vitolo runs into space as he makes his full international debut for spain on tuesday night . del bosque was impressed with the match 's other debutant juanmi ( left ) who ' looked like scoring ' . spain 's next outing will be in euro 2016 qualifying against belarus on june 14 . they sit second in group c behind undefeated slovakia . the dutch have some work to do in their qualifying campaign as they trail unbeaten czech republic and iceland to be third in group a after five games .