robin williams spent his last days in a paranoid frenzy , aware that ' something else was wrong with him ' , a british television show will claim tonight . in a ' peculiar ' incident just one day before his death , the oscar-winning actor , who had been diagnosed with parkinson 's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . the 63-year-old , who had also been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety prior to his death , also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online , convinced he had another illness . scroll down for video . suicide : robin williams with wife susan schneider in 2009 , and the actor months before his death in 2014 . feud : mrs schneider williams , williams ' third wife , is in a battle with his three children from previous marriages – zak , zelda and cody – over his £33million estate . above , mrs schneider williams with williams and zelda . the post-mortem examination later revealed that williams had been suffering from lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness would could have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour . in tonight 's episode of autopsy , which will reconstruct the final hours of the actor 's life , pathologist dr richard shepherd explains how williams ' dementia probably triggered his paranoid tendencies . he says that williams 's insomnia and anxiety , as well as periods of confusion and impaired decision making , could also have been connected to the condition . but dr shepherd also tells the channel 5 show - which has previously examined the unexpected deaths of michael jackson and elvis presley - that the actor may well have been aware of his undetected illness , something which could have exacerbated his paranoia in his final hours . he says that williams 's online activity suggested he knew ' there was something else wrong with him… something that he could n't put his finger on ' . williams hanged himself in august 2014 , a death which sent shockwaves through the celebrity world and led to an outpouring of grief from his worldwide fans . tribute : flowers and candles at the oscar-winning actor 's star on the hollywood walk of fame . the day before he hanged himself , williams stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . claims : dr richard shepherd , a pathologist , pictured , told britain 's channel 5 show autopsy that williams ' online activity in the hours before his death suggested he knew ' there was something else wrong with him ' . his death was later ruled to have been suicide . the show reveals tonight how , on the day he died , williams cleaned his bathroom of blood after cutting his wrists . according to the post-mortem report , williams spent his last night at his californian home with wife susan schneider . lbd is a common form of dementia - it affects an estimated 1.3 million people in the united states . the disease is caused by abnormal microscopic deposits that damage brain cells over time . this leads to a decline in thinking , reasoning and independent function . the disease takes its name from frederick h. lewy - the neurologist who discovered the brain abnormalities during the early 1900s . it shares symptoms with parkinson 's disease - sufferers can experience motor control problems , such as hunched posture , rigid muscles and a shuffling walk . those affected can suffer visual hallucinations , which generally take the form of phantom objects , people or animals there . it is also linked to alzheimer 's disease as it is more common over the age of 65 and those affected often suffer from confusion and memory loss . ms schneider later described how her husband stuffed a number of his jewelled watches into a sock before driving to the house of a friend . speaking about the incident on tonight 's show , dr shepherd says : ' this is a very peculiar incident that his wife describes as typical of the increasing paranoia that he had been suffering . ' psychologist anjula mutanda also says the actor could have felt ' under threat ' . ' somebody experiencing paranoid feelings may fear that they are in danger and under threat , ' she says . whether it is physiological , physical or financial – harm could be coming their way . ' after williams 's body was found , a bottle of quetiapine , a powerful drug used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , was also found unopened in his bedroom . he had been prescribed it a week before his suicide , suggesting his symptoms may have changed prior to his death . in the months before his death , williams had also checked into rehab to 'fine-tune and focus ' on his commitment to staying clean . but the documentary concludes there were no signs that drink or drugs were exacerbating his depression when he died . blood samples taken after his death showed he had not taken cocaine or alcohol in the last 24 hours of his life . there was also no sign of damage to his liver from previous drinking binges . the show also describes how toxicology reports showed williams ' moods were being controlled by mirtazapine , which is used to treat depressive disorders . comedy : williams did stand-up while acting in such films as good morning vietnam and mrs doubtfire , pictured . critical acclaim : the actor found fame with his portrayal of a kooky alien in the 1970s sitcom mork and mindy , left with pam dawber . he was awarded an oscar for best supporting actor in good will hunting in 1998 , right . good morning vietnam : williams ' played a dj on armed forces radio during the vietnam war ( pictured ) . there was also levodopa in his system , which is used to treat parkinson 's . the forthcoming documentary , part of the third series of the show , has already drawn criticism from williams 's fans after it emerged that it featured a ' graphic ' reconstruction of the actor 's suicide . a channel 5 spokesman previously said the depiction was kept to ' an absolute minimum ' but that its inclusion ' is important in telling the truth ' . they added : ' the film celebrates robin’s career and talent , and within that the tragic details of his death are part of that story . ' french actor alain poudensan plays williams in the reconstructed scenes . while alain has worked as a robin williams impersonator for a number of years , he has also starred in many adult films , under the name alain l'yle . williams found fame with his portrayal of a kooky alien in the 1970s sitcom mork and mindy . but it was his role as an irreverent dj with the us armed services radio station in good morning , vietnam in 1987 which won him huge acclaim . his roles ranged from serious and dramatic in films such as dead poets society and good will hunting , to comedy in mrs doubtfire . he was nominated for an oscar three times before winning an academy award for his performance as a psychologist in good will hunting in 1997 . mrs schneider williams , his third wife , is currently in a battle with his three children from previous marriages – zak , zelda and cody – over his £33million estate . zelda recently spoke out about her father 's death . when asked why she believed her father took his own life , she said : ' i do n't think there 's a point . it 's not important to ask . ' in a statement released shortly after her husband 's death , susan schneider said that williams was struggling with depression , anxiety and the parkinson 's diagnosis when he died . toxicology reports showed there was levodopa in his system , which is used to treat parkinson 's . the disease is a progressive disorder of the nervous system that affects movement . it develops gradually , sometimes starting with a small tremor in one hand . the disorder also commonly causes stiffness or slowing of movement . actor michael j . fox , a long-time friend of williams , is well-known for his efforts to fund research into finding a cure . he was just 29 years old when he was diagnosed with the disease . robin williams with actor michael j fox , who was just 29 years old when he was diagnosed with parkinson 's . stage one sees a patient experience mild symptoms that inconvenience day-to-day tasks , including the presence of tremors or experiencing shaking in one of the limbs . friends and family can generally detect changes in the patient including poor posture , loss of balance , and abnormal facial expressions . in stage two , the patient 's symptoms start to affect both limbs and both sides of the body . they usually encounter problems walking or maintaining balance , and the inability to complete normal physical tasks becomes more apparent . during stage three , the disease becomes more severe , with some patients losing the ability to walk straight or to stand and a noticeable slowing of physical movements . stage four is accompanied by severe symptoms of parkinson 's . walking may still occur , but it is often limited and rigidity and bradykinesia are often visible . during this stage , most patients are unable to complete day-to-day tasks , and usually can not live on their own . the tremors or shakiness that take over during the earlier stages however , may lessen or become non-existent for unknown reasons during this time . in stage five , the final stage , parkinson 's disease usually takes over the patients physical movements leaving them unable to take care of themselves and generally unable to stand or walk . a patient at stage five usually requires constant one-on-one nursing care .