a mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from london heathrow to oman , after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe . the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full . however , a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out . after landing at muscat , one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an oman air flight ( file photo ) . passengers were forced to intervene after the argument escalated into a full-blown fight on board . the irish mirror reports that one of the men involved threw punches at the other , and also took of his shoe to use as a weapon in the scuffle . one passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby , while others were woken from their sleep by the commotion . the pilot alerted muscat airport , and on arrival , one man was taken away for questioning . ' it really was a really nasty incident , ' one passenger told the irish mirror . ' one guy completely lost the plot and started throwing several punches . eventually the flight crew was alerted and managed to calm him down . ' as the plane was not at capacity , one man decided to move seats on the oman air flight 102 ( file photo ) . the airbus a330 departed london heathrow at 9.30pm saturday night , with the fight believed to have taken place less than three hours into the journey . a spokesperson for oman air told mailonline travel : ' based on the reports received by the senior flight supervisor , there was a disagreement between two passengers . ' oman air cabin crew , who are trained to manage unforeseen circumstances such as this , intervened and contained the situation . no risk was posed to the safety of fellow passengers . ' the flight , wy102 from london heathrow , landed on time and safely at the muscat international airport . on arrival , airport security carried out the usual procedures of investigation . ' oman air would like to thank the cabin crew for managing this situation calmly and professionally . ' it 's not the first time a row over passengers ' space has caused problems mid-flight . last year three incidents in one week saw three plane diversions in a period that became known as ' legroom wars ' . a delta flight from new york to florida was forced to divert after a row broke out over a reclined seat . flight 2370 left new york en route to west palm beach , but was forced to land in jacksonville . a woman reclined her seat so she could knit , but the person behind was trying to sleep on the table , and the two became engaged in a bitter argument . the issue of space on planes remains a key issue and means rows and disagreements are common . as the row ensured , the pilot took the decision to ground the plane ' out of an abundance of caution . ' and an american airlines miami-to-paris flight was rerouted to boston after air marshals had to restrain a man as two passengers came to blows when one of them attempted to recline their seat . the male passenger , edmund alexandre , of france , continued to be disruptive when a crew member tried to calm him , following him down the aisle and grabbing his arm . two undercover federal air marshals on the flight then subdued and handcuffed the 61-year-old traveler . and a few days prior to this , a fight started on a united airlines flight when a male passenger resorted to using a knee defender , a $ 21 gadget designed to prevent the person in front from reclining . a female passenger , sitting in the middle of row 11 tried to recline , but found she couldn’t . when it emerged that the man in the seat behind had attached a knee defender , she asked a member of cabin crew to remove it . he refused , saying that he would no longer be able to work on his laptop , and the situation escalated , with the woman hurling a glass of water in the man’s face . the new jersey-to-denver flight was diverted to chicago , and both of the passengers were booted off . were you on oman air flight 102 from heathrow to muscat , oman on saturday and witnessed the incident ? contact john.hutchinson @ dailymail.co.uk .     