justine miliband fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been ' furious ' with him after a bungled first date . mrs miliband , 44 , has revealed that she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ' good looking ' and ' unattached ' . but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ' mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders . worse still , the politician persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics , which she ca n't stand . scroll down for video . justine miliband , right , said she fell in love with her husband ed , left , after she got bitten by a dog . mrs miliband , right , said ed , left , did not tell her that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party . the mother-of-two was campaigning with her husband in the north west at several events . in an interview with the daily mirror , mrs miliband said : ' canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with ed in 2005 . ' i had never been out leafleting before and did n't realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox . ' i 'd been bitten by a doberman . ed bandaged me up and i fell in love with him . ' the doberman incident happened while canvassing in mr miliband 's constituency in doncaster . however , mr miliband almost doomed the couple 's relationship on their first encounter after he failed to reveal that he was already in a relationship . she said : ' i thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . but we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac . ' apparently we had nothing in common . he wanted to talk about economics – one of my least favourite subjects . none of our conversations went anywhere . ' the unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner . she said : ' i found out he was secretly going out with the woman who had invited us for dinner . i was furious . ' i bumped into him a couple of times after that , but we didn’t start seeing each other for at least a year . ' mrs miliband said she first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend - understood to be the former bbc economics editor - who ed was secretly in a relationship with . mrs miliband said neither her or her husband are bothered about the ' kitchengate ' controversy when it emerged the couple had two kitchens - or ' bacongate ' when mr miliband was caught struggling to each a sandwich . the couple have two children , daniel and samuel . however , mrs miliband , who is a lawyer , said she has no intention of giving up her job in the event her husband is elected prime minister . she said she was ' genuinely taken aback ' by the suggestion . mrs miliband said she has been surprised by some people 's obsession with their domestic arrangements . she added : ' with kitchengate , i was just amazed at the ink being spilled . i ca n't get upset about things like that when people are having terrible lives in this country and around the world . ' there are things in politics that are really serious and then there 's lots of other stuff . it 's partly why ed and i get on so well . both of us could n't care less about kitchengate or bacon buttygate . '