the nfl has its first full-time female game official . sarah thomas , who has worked exhibition games , will be a line judge for the 2015 season , the league announced on wednesday . the 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year . she 's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007 . she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit . sarah thomas is the nfl 's first full-time female referee and will be a line judge during the upcoming season . thomas poses during the pre-season game between the seahawks and the chargers last year . ' i am a female , but i do n't look at myself as just a female , ' thomas said last june while working a cleveland browns minicamp . ' i look at myself as an official . ' shannon eastin worked regular-season nfl games in 2012 as a replacement official , making her the first female to do so in any capacity . she also was a line judge . thomas , a former college basketball player , was inspired to become an official in the 1990s when she attended a meeting with her brother , lea . in 1996 , thomas became the first female to officiate in a division 1-a high school football game in mississippi . just under a decade later , she began officiating college games when she was hired by conference usa , working as a line judge and head linesman . she also has worked the senior bowl , the fight hunger bowl , the medal of honor bowl , and the conference usa championship game in 2010 and 2014 . thomas officiated two seasons in the united football league , which is now out of business . off the field , she 's a pharmaceutical representative . she said last june her two sons and one daughter see nothing extraordinary about her football job . ' they just know mom officiates and it 's nothing foreign to them or pioneering or anything , ' she said . ' i do this . ' 