arsenal manager arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' after a fumble from reading goalkeeper adam federici handed them a 2-1 extra-time victory and a place in the fa cup final . the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 aiming to defend the trophy after edging past the sky bet championship side , who had rallied after going behind just before half-time to a fine goal from alexis sanchez . reading drew level on 54 minutes when garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny , who could only palm the ball back over the line . arsenal manager arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' to beat reading on saturday . wenger 's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against reading at wembley . although arsenal did twice hit the woodwork through a header from defender gabriel , which was touched onto the crossbar by federici at full stretch , and a close-range shot by aaron ramsey , the barclays premier league side could not find a winner in normal time . in the end , an error from australian federici proved so costly , the keeper allowing a low , angled shot from sanchez to slip through his legs and roll over the line on 115 minutes . ' it was a difficult game against a well organised , resilient , committed and physically strong reading team , ' wenger said . ' they really wanted it reading , they were willing to die on the pitch to go to the final and you have to congratulate them for the effort they put in . ' in the end , we were a bit lucky because their keeper made a mistake and i can understand that he is distraught , but as well he kept them in the game for long periods . ' wenger added : ' what was missing was a bit of speed of combination and sharpness in the final third maybe , but overall the concentration was there . alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time . it was a routine shot from sanchez but the reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp - an embarrassing gaffe . the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game . federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . ' i do n't think we switched off ( for the goal ) , but after half-time we did not come on with the same intensity . we started to suffer and we paid for that . ' wenger refused to single out szczesny for blame on the reading goal . ' i would have to see it again , ' he said . ' at first i thought it was not in because it took some time for the referee to give the goal , so i thought ' okay , we escaped ' . federici lies slumped on the ground as the impact of his error hits him in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal . ' but on slow motion maybe he goes back a bit to save the ball with his feet , then when the ball bounces , it was certainly over the line . ' we will have to analyse it , but the cross should not have come in and after the guy was free , so it was a combination of mistakes . ' wenger said an ankle injury to defender per mertesacker ' does not look good ' , which could make the german defender a doubt for sunday 's barclays premier league game against leaders chelsea at the emirates stadium . the reading goalkeeper , who had been magnificent until then , left the field in tears as manager steve clarke tries to console him . arsenal reached a record 19th fa cup final , and will be looking to overtake manchester united 's mark of 11 victories , with five coming under wenger 's tenure . ' now , let 's focus on our next game , we come back here in the final , but we have time to prepare , ' wenger said . ' the final is a 50-50 ( game ) . if we can beat the record we will be very happy . ' let 's hope we have all of our players available and come back in good shape . ' federici 's opposite number , wojciech szczesny ( left ) of arsenal comforts his fellow goalkeeper after the game is resolved . chelsea look in a strong position to go on and win the title , having defeated united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday evening . wenger said he was unaware of the final result when quizzed on its significance at the post-match press conference . ' i ignore completely what happened . chelsea won 1-0 ? the usual , ' the arsenal boss said . ' we will see next week . '