a philadelphia woman was arrested friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the islamic state group , a day after two women in new york were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a boston marathon-type attack . keonna thomas , 30 , was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group , authorities said , but instead was arrested at her home . authorities said that she communicated with an islamic state group fighter in syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation and that she told the fighter that the opportunity ' would be amazing , ' according to the documents . ' i can make that wish come true , ' the fighter reportedly replied . she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on april 8 . scroll down for video . keonna thomas was arrested in philadelphia ( above ) friday as she tried to join isis . thomas ' home ( above ) , which had been under surveillance by fbi for the past week , had american flags lined up outside . she also actively spoke of her desires on a twitter account that has since been removed . ' i see why the mujahideen [ violent jihadi fighters ] sacrifice dunya [ life on earth ] for akhirah [ the afterlife ] there 's no comparison , ' read one tweet according to nbc 4 . another said ; ' only thing i 'm jealous of is when i see the smiles of shuhadaa [ martyrs ] . ' her home , which had been under surveillance by fbi for the past week , had american flags lined up outside . in one exchange with the fighter , they discussed how he would shoot or behead his wife if she turned out to be a spy . ' cutting head is more personal , ' thomas replied . it 's unclear if she has a lawyer who could comment on the charges . she is due to make an initial appearance in federal court friday afternoon . thomas ' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in new york in another home-grown terror case . they are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 boston marathon bombings . the women were ordered held without bail after a brief court appearance thursday . the lawyer for one of them said his client will plead not guilty . thomas is charged with providing material aid to terrorists , one of the same charges filed in 2010 against another pennsylvania woman , colleen larose , known as jihad jane , and two co-defendants in a terror plot that prosecutors say also involved online messages and recruitment for overseas terror suspects . thomas ' posts in support of the islamic state started in august 2013 , when she reposted a twitter photograph of a boy holding weapons , authorities charged . she called herself fatayat al khilafah and younglioness and tweeted posts such as `` when you 're a mujahid , your death becomes a wedding , '' according to the fbi affidavit filed in the case . a mujahid is one who engages in jihad . she soon began trying to raise money for the cause online and told a somalia-based jihadi fighter from minnesota that she soon hoped to have enough money to travel , authorities said . she applied for a passport in february and bought a ticket to travel to barcelona on march 29 , the affidavit said . authorities would not immediately say why she had not made the trip . she is facing up to 15 years in prison . in the jihadi jane case , larose got a 10-year term in january for agreeing to kill swedish artist lars vilks , who drew a cartoon that had offended muslims , while another american woman , jamie paulin-ramirez , got eight years . an immigrant teen from pakistan got five years .