a video that was played during a preliminary hearing in a california courtroom on friday showed a san diego police officer being hit with his own cruiser . officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running , according to prosecutors . swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma , while bogard has pleaded not guilty . scroll down for video . a video from a hearing in a court on friday showed a san diego police officer being hit with his own cruiser . william bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft . officer jeffrey swett testified on the stand that bogard was smiling behind the wheel while running him down . the hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial . swett testified on the witness stand that bogard was smiling behind the wheel while running him down , according to abc news . he said : ' i figured at that point in time he was going to kill me . ' the officer added he felt ' immediate pain ' upon impact and ' forcefully hit ' the pavement afterwards . bogard was able to get into swett 's car without resistance because the officer was investigating reports about the suspect breaking into a house and threatening to kill the occupants , according to 10news . the suspect faces 19 years to life in prison if he is convicted and the preliminary hearing will resume on monday . when the vehicle struck swett , it was traveling at a speed of 15 to 22 miles an hour , according to deputy district attorney michael runyon . swett 's partner , officer brett byler , shot at the car and hit bogard in the leg . the suspect 's mother , heather bogard , apologized for what happened and said her son has schizoaffective disorder during an earlier arraignment . she said : ' it 's been devastating and heartbreaking for all families involved . ' bogard was charged with two counts of attempted murder on a peace officer , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon , vehicle theft , burglary and criminal threatening , he faces 19 years to life in prison if convicted , according to cbs 8 . the preliminary hearing will resume on monday . 