sydneysiders already reeling from a three day ' cyclone ' were hit again on saturday , as the city was pummelled by a massive hail storm . marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on anzac day , coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting for around three hours . saturday 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air , said bureau of meteorology nsw manager of weather services , andrew treloar . scroll down for video . many took to social media on saturday to post incredible pictures of residents tobogganing and snow boarding down streets in newtown . according to mr grose , a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred within australia , passing through every few years . but there 's a longer term story behind the recent spate of wild weather , one scientist said . ' climate has been changing in recent decades and will continue to change throughout this century and beyond , ' csiro , research scientist michael grose told daily mail australia . according to mr grose , saturday 's storm was the result of an east coast low , which is also known as an extratropical cyclone . this type of storm has always occurred in australia , passing through every few years , however changes to the frequency and intensity are possible due to climate change . ' increases in temperature and rising sea levels are the most clear changes in the climate due to human influence , ' he said . a combination of hail and water at enmore in sydney 's inner-west , almost completely submerged a line of cars . several cars were submerged in the flood waters following the flash flooding that struck the city . snowing in sydney ? sydney 's west was hit by snow-like hail after the storm travelled east from the blue mountains . parramatta stadium was blanketed with hail , delaying kickoff but making for an amazing scene . ' the bureau provided thunderstorm warnings of hail and damaging winds for regional areas from 11am saturday morning , ' mr treloar said . blackheath residents in the blue mountains , about 100km west of sydney , reported hailstones up to 2cm in size , while social media users shared surreal images of snowmen and even snowboarders on the streets of sydney . seven buildings collapsed in western sydney after they were damaged by the storm , with fire and rescue crews still working to assess damage . a woman also had to be rescued from her car after she became trapped in the rising waters at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2cm in diameter , pummelled multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on anzac day . a woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following saturday 's severe storms . she appeared safe and calm as police and fire and rescue crews assisted her at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . hail is seen on the road in the suburb of alexandria . large areas of sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon . superintendent paul johnston from fire and rescue nsw told daily mail australia that the incident was just one of many flash flooding events that emergency services had attended from 4pm . ' at the height of the storm we had two hundred calls in the system , mostly about flooding in people ' homes and businesses , rescues from flash flooding - in the inner city they 're not as dangerous because people are just trapped in their cars and not at risk of being swept away - and automatic fire alarms , ' supt johnston said . ' the highest rainfalls recorded during the event were 60mm at prospect reservoir and 53mm at blacktown , much of which fell within 1 hour . there were also reports of flash flooding in the metropolitan area , ' mr treloar said . ' thunderstorms with large accumulations of hail have been noted before in sydney and surrounding areas during the autumn months . ' streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields across sydney and the blue mountains . pictured maroubra in sydney 's east . an unstable air mass over the top of new south wales is understood to have generated the east-moving storm . pictured : kingsford in sydney 's eastern suburbs . a police spokesperson told daily mail australia that two factories at huntingwood , in western sydney , have collapsed due to the weather . marble-sized hail stones pummelled various suburbs in sydney and the blue mountains . nsw ambulance tweeted : ' luckily no one injured in this building collapse at eastern creek . be careful if on the icy roads ' . ominous looking storm clouds rolled into sydney harbour in the afternoon as the sky turned form blue to black and then a strange white . the nrl match between the sydney roosters ' and st george illawarra at allianz stadium in sydney had to be temporarily suspended due to hail and lightning . heavy rain , wild winds and hails stones transformed the blue mountains and parts of sydney into snowfields on saturday evening . warnings stated that ' large hailstones , heavy rainfall that may lead to flash flooding and damaging winds ' were predicted . state emergency services issued cautions and advice to residents affected by the storm on their social media pages . hail stones piled up behind a door or a window during the storms , which only lasted until 7pm . hail covers a road and vehicle in the suburb of alexandria just after the storm passed . twitter and instagram users captured images of the storm : lightning strikes in sydney as the storm rolled in . backyards and streets were transformed into snowfields within minutes by the heavy rain and hail .