the artist behind a statue of lucille ball so terrifying it has been nicknamed ' scary lucy ' has admitted to being ' disappointed ' in his work , offering to fix the sculpture for free . residents of celoron , new york , hometown of the famous comedienne , reacted with shock and horror when the ' i love lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009 . following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed , sculptor dave poulin called it ' by far my most unsettling sculpture ' , and pledged to make a new one . following a campaign to have the statue of lucille ball sculptor dave poulin has pledged to make a new one . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ' we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he 's a ' big fan of lucy 's . ' ' lucille ball was not only an amazing comedienne , but she was a stunning beauty . her sense of humor only made her more beautiful , ” he told the site . ' this statue looks nothing like the beautiful lucy we all know . if for no other reason than that ... the statue should go . ' however , in a letter to the hollywood reporter , poulin admits : from the day of its installation , i have shared my disappointment in the final outcome and have always believed it to be by far my most unsettling sculpture , not befitting of lucy’s beauty or my ability as a sculptor . ' in retrospect , it should have never been cast in bronze and made public , and i take complete ownership of that poor decision . ' for residents of celoron , n.y. , say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is ' monstrous ' . the statue is based on a famous moment from ball 's show ' i love lucy , ' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk . he adds that he offers to return to celoron and ' remove the current statue with the promise of creating a new beautiful and charming `` lucy '' in its place . ' it would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for poulin to recast the statue , according to the celoron mayor scott schrecengost . while the organizer said he is a fan of poulin 's work , this time he failed to do his subject justice . ' i think it looks like a monster . that is just my opinion , ' he told yahoo . ' when you see it at night , it is frightening . ' the statue depicts ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show ' i love lucy , ' her intoxicated pitch for the vitameatavegamin health tonic . the statue was the latest way the town has tried to honor its most famous resident , with the jameston area already home to a lucille ball desi arnaz museum & center for comedy .