they 're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the u.s. with sales topping $ 100 million . but the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ' healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium . however , upon closer inspection , it was found that ' none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims ' and were in fact ' misbranded ' . mislabeled ? the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . indeed , daily mail online calculated that one kind bar flavor - not included in the fda investigation - contains more calories , fat and sodium than a snickers bar . a 40g honey smoked bbq kind bar - marketed as ' bold and all-natural ' - contains 230 calories , 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium . meanwhile , an equivalent serving of snickers contains 190 calories , 9gms of fat and 91mgs of sodium . in response , a spokesperson for kind highlighted that nuts are to blame for the imbalance . ' nuts , key ingredients in many of our snacks and one of the things that make fans love our bars , contain nutritious fats that exceed the amount allowed under the fda’s standard . ' this is similar to other foods that do not meet the standard for use of the term healthy , but are generally considered to be good for you like avocados , salmon and eggs . ' . however , new york university nutritionist marion nestle told today.com that said the problem is not nuts and it 's the ' hidden ' sugary ingredients that have to change . kind bar : honey smoked bbq ( 40g ) . calories : 230 . fat : 16gm . sodium:125mg . protein : 10g . snickers bar ( 40g ) . calories : 190 . fat : 9gm . sodium : 91mg . protein : 3g . ' kind bars are candy bars making health claims , and thereby marketing them as healthy snacks , ' nestle said . the four kind bars highlighted in the fda case include the almond & apricot , almond & coconut , peanut butter dark chocolate and dark chocolate cherry cashew . on april 14 kind posted a note on its website stating that it was ' moving quickly to comply ' with the fda 's request . ' we 're also taking it upon ourselves to conduct a thorough review of all of our snack food labels and website information to ensure that they 're compliant , ' the message continued . while labeling readjustments will be made to certain bars , kind reassures fans that recipes will remain the same . it added : ' we couldn’t be more proud of our snack foods and their nutritional benefits . ' our entire line of delicious snacks made with high quality ingredients like whole grains , nuts and seeds will continue to be available wherever kind is sold . ' kind bars , the brainchild of new york salesman daniel lubetzky , first hit the market in 2004 . the clear-packaged snacks quickly became a hit with consumers and sales soared from $ 15 million in 2008 to nearly $ 120 million in 2012 , according to fortune . in a bid to expand into the health food market further , lubetzky came up with a granola-like cereal called ' healthy grain clusters'.. . there 's said to be ' a multitude of new recipes ' in the pipeline too .