a former ss sergeant described how so many jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains . he told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 when around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death . during that period , so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was ' processed , ' groening testified at the lueneburg state court . scroll down for videos . a former ss sergeant ( pictured ) described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . he 's seen here shuffling out of court on day one of the trial . eva kor ( pictured ) told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the nazi death camp . groening told the court on tuesday that he is ' morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths . ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ' the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp . inhuman suffering : a photograph of the liberation of auschwitz by soviet troops in 1945 . eva and miriam kor are shown holding hands in the very front . recovery : miriam and eva kor as shown in a 1949 photo . eva kor and her twin sister miriam were among the 1,500 twins ( amounting to 3,000 children ) dr. josef mengele experimented on in auschwitz . though he was more regularly assigned to the camp 's auschwitz i section , he said he guarded the birkenau ramp three times , including one busy 24-hour shift . the main gas chambers were located at birkenau . ' the capacity of the gas chambers and the capacity of the crematoria were quite limited . someone said that 5,000 people were processed in 24 hours but i did n't verify this . i did n't know , ' he said . ' for the sake of order we waited until train 1 was entirely processed and finished . ' auschwitz survivors describe their arrival as chaotic , with nazi guards yelling orders , dogs barking and families being ripped apart . but groening , 93 , maintained the opposite , saying ' it was very orderly and not as strenuous ' on the ramp at birkenau . ' the process was the same as auschwitz i . the only difference was that there were no trucks , ' he said during the second day of his trial . ' they all walked - some in one direction some , in another direction ... to where the crematoria and gas chambers were . ' survivor kor asked groening whether he knew details about files kept at the camp in hopes of learning more about what diseases she and her sister , who both survived , were injected with . survivors from auschwitz ( pictured ) , who are plaintiffs in the case , travelled from the united states , canada , hungary and elsewhere to attend groening 's trial . between may 16 and july 11 , 1944 , groening was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were transported there , with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival . pictured , auschwitz survivors . no pleas are entered in the german system and groening said as his trial opened tuesday that he considers himself ' morally guilty , ' but it was up to the court to decide if he was legally guilty . he faces between three and 15 years in prison if convicted in the trial , which is scheduled through july . eva kor , 81 , was one of the jews who arrived at auschwitz in 1944 . though she does n't remember groening personally , she said she ca n't forget the scene . ' everything was going very fast . yelling , crying , pushing ; even dogs were barking . i had never experienced anything that fast or that crazy in my entire life , ' she told the associated press before addressing the court . her two older sisters and parents were taken directly to the gas chambers , while she and her twin sister , both 10 at the time , were ripped away from their mother to be used as human guinea pigs for notorious dr. josef mengele 's experiments . ' all i remember is her arms stretched out in despair as she was pulled away , ' kor remembered . ' i never even got to say goodbye . ' kor , who now lives in indiana , is one of more than 60 auschwitz survivors and their families from the u.s. , canada , israel and elsewhere who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs as allowed under german law . auschwitz survivor and plaintiff eva pusztai-fahidi ( right ) and her granddaughter luca hartai wait for the opening of the trial against oskar groening on tuesday . groening sits opposite auschwitz survivors hedy bohm ( left ) and eva pusztai-fahidi ( right ) at the court room in lueneburg . general view of the cout before the start of the trial against groening . thomas walther , who represents many co-plaintiffs , said he and his clients were happy groening agreed to testify , but suspected he was withholding many details . ' there is an ocean of truth , but with many islands of lies , ' he said . kor , the first co-plaintiff to address the court , described her experience wednesday and asked groening whether he knew mengele or details about files he kept in hopes of learning more about what diseases she and her sister , who both survived the camp , were injected with . groening showed no reaction to kor 's statement and his attorney , hans holtermann , said his client would try to answer what questions he could , but he did n't believe that groening knew mengele . groening guarded prisoners ' baggage on the ramps , but his main task was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to berlin - a job for which the german press has dubbed him the ' accountant of auschwitz . ' while he previously testified he was ' horrified ' by individual atrocities he witnessed , he suggested wednesday his daily thoughts were more pedestrian , like when the guards heard a train loaded with hungarian jews would be arriving . ' if this is hungary , they have bacon on board , ' he remembered thinking . though he was investigated twice before and no charges were brought , groening was indicted under a new line of german legal reasoning that anyone who helped a death camp function can be accused of being an accessory to murder without evidence of participation in a specific crime . groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other nazi trials . outside court , kor said she wished groening would use the trial to try and dissuade ' misguided young people ' today from becoming neo-nazis but she was still satisfied with his testimony . ' i 'm going to take whatever confession he gives - it 's better than no confession , ' she told reporters . ' maybe this is the best thing he has ever done in his life . is n't that sad ? ' 