prince william is due at the cenotaph on the same day the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth . prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth . despite the clash , the duke of cambridge plans to do ‘ everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the cenotaph on april 25 , kensington palace said yesterday . a spokesman for william said : ‘ the duke’s intention is to be at the commemorations . being the 100th anniversary , it is very important to him . ’ although her due date has not officially been confirmed , the duchess of cambridge told wellwishers at a charity event last month : ‘i’m due mid-april , to the end of april . ’ palace sources later said the actual date was april 25 . the duke committed to being present at the commemorations in february and , according to aides , plans to play things by ear . ‘ we will have to see what happens , ’ said a senior aide . ‘ the duchess has said the baby is due the second half of the month but we don’t know exactly when the baby will arrive . ’ should kate , 33 , go into labour while the duke is at work , he faces a dash across the country to get to st mary’s hospital in west london in time . he is currently training for his new job as an air ambulance pilot at three airbases in cambridge , norwich or gloucestershire . despite reports that there is a helicopter on stand-by , the duke , 32 , will make the journey by car instead . the mail on sunday has also learned there will be a new line-up in the delivery room at st mary’s lindo wing for the couple’s second child . leading obstetrician guy thorpe-beeston will be in charge of the birth , a spokesman for the couple confirmed , assisted by the queen’s surgeon-gynaecologist alan farthing , who had been tipped to take the lead role . mr farthing was second-in-command to the now retired sir marcus setchell at the birth of the royal couple’s first child , george . william is currently training for his new job as an air ambulance pilot at three airbases in cambridge , norwich or gloucestershire . ‘ both names will be on the notice of birth posted outside buckingham palace , but it will be guy thorpe-beeston who will take charge , ’ the spokesman added . ‘he’s an obstetrics specialist and that’s why he’s in the lead . ’ mr thorpe-beeston , a specialist in high-risk pregnancies , works at london’s private portland hospital and on harley street , where he has 18 years’ experience . he was made surgeon-gynaecologist to the royal household last year following his role in the delivery of george on july 22 , 2013 , also at the lindo wing . the consultant – who is believed to have looked after kate when she was sick with hyperemesis gravidarum during her first trimester – will be the first person the duchess calls when she goes into labour . he has cleared his diary so he can be solely on call . mr farthing , 51 , who was engaged to tv presenter jill dando at the time of her murder , is a specialist in gynaecological cancer care . he has a private harley street practice . mulberry double breasted pink coat . sold out ! click to check out the current collection ! visit site . it 's her final day of official engagements before the birth of royal baby number two . and the duchess of cambridge is definitely going out in style ! she joined her husband in london , where they are visiting three projects , and of course she looked as elegant as ever . and if you wanted a hint as to whether she 's expecting a prince or princess , you 've got a clear clue ! she recycled a bright pink coat by british brand mulberry ( whose newest model is none other than cressida bonas ! ) . it 's the same coat we spotted kate wearing whilst in new york last december and we love the double breasted style . this gorgeous shade of fuchsia is perfect to add a pop of color to your new season wardrobe and if you thought the pink coat trend was so last year then think again . thanks to labels like burberry prorsum and gucci it 's back stronger than ever . of course , this autumn/winter 2014 collection topper is now all sold out , but click ( right ) to check out the mulberry coats currently available to buy . alternatively , we 've found plenty of pink options on the virtual high street to help you make like kate , ranging in price from missguided to red valentino . redvalentino hot pink coat at net-a-porter . visit site . asos maternity pink coat ( now reduced to $ 94 ) . visit site . missguided cocoon coat ( now reduced to $ 40 ) . visit site . asos cocoon fit coat . visit site . kate spade talia coat at neiman marcus . visit site .