a yazidi teenager has told how islamic state fighters stormed her town with shocking brutality , dragging girls as young as ten by their hair and carting them off like cattle to become sex slaves . hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family , suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul , iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants . she and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months , she told cnn 's arwa damon . the girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate . scroll down for video . newly released members of the yazidi minority , including one girl with an injured leg , wait for medical help after being set free by isis near kirkuk , northern iraq last week . one yazidi survivor ( not pictured ) has told how girls as young as ten were dragged away from their families and raped at the hands of isis militants . hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window , but two of them were caught as they fled . speaking of the moment isis attacked her village last august , she said : ' they separated all of us . they dragged us away by our hair . ' the youngest with us was just 10 . we were all crying . they said we are going to marry you off , you will forget your family . ' hanan is now recovering at the shariya refugee camp in dohuk iraqi kurdistan , where hundreds of other yazidis have fled , but says she shakes with fear every time she sees ' someone with a beard ' . tens of thousands of yazidis were forced to flee for their lives - many of them into the nearby sinjar mountains and then into kurdish-held regions of northern iraq during the isis offensive in august . relief : 216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed they were being led to their execution , but were instead piled onto minibuses for a handover southwest of kirkuk . it is not known why they were released . however many were captured by the militants , resulting in the massacre of hundreds of men and the selling into slavery of women and children , after they were first divided up between militants . a magazine published by the terror group , dabiq , last year attempted to justify the sickening treatment of the yazidis . explaining why yazidis have been sold into sex slavery while those from other groups have not , the magazine claims islamic sharia law allows the enslavement of innocent ' polytheists and pagans ' but not of those the militants regard as simply heretical . last week , aid workers reported that a nine-year-old girl was pregnant after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of isis militants in northern iraq . she was among more than 200 yazidi women , children and elderly who were released near kirkuk , northern iraq after being taken hostage last june . according to aid workers , she was ' sexually abused by no fewer than ten men ' , while in captivity inside the self-proclaimed caliphate .