thierry henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on javier hernandez 's celebration , by posting an 84-minute compilation video of michael laudrup 's passing . former arsenal striker henry , now a pundit for sky sports , took exception to hernandez celebrating ' like he 'd won the world cup ' after scoring the winning goal for real madrid on wednesday night , and said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate cristiano ronaldo . the three-time world player of the year could have shot with two minutes to go in real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg against bitter rivals atletico , but opted instead to tee up team-mate hernandez , who himself slotted the ball home to secure victory . real madrid striker javier hernandez earned his side champions league victory with a late goal . the on-loan mexican striker wheeled away in celebration by himself after firing madrid into the lead . hernandez is welcomed by the ecstatic real madrid fans following his late goal against rivals atletico . defending his views on twitter , henry said on thursday : ' football is a team game . yes ch14_ scored the all important goal but the work of @ cristiano made it possible . it can not be underestimated . ' i love it when players celebrate and acknowledge the player that made the assist . the pass can be just as important as the goal . ' henry then went on to post an 84-minute video of former barcelona midfielder laudrup , alongside the message : ' look at this video , you have one of the most unselfish players in the game showing the significance of the final ball . ' that is football . that is # michaellaudrup . ' watch : the video henry posted of former juventus and barcelona midfielder laudrup . thierry henry was quick to criticise the mexican striker for the way in which he celebrated his winner . ronaldo plays the ball across the face of goal to unselfishly find his real madrid team-mate hernandez . at the time , henry had slammed hernandez 's one-man celebration , commenting on sky sports : ' i know he went on to celebrate alone and everything but he needs to thank ronaldo , because for me he has to . it’s ronaldo who chooses to change the course of the game . ' that is for me ronaldo’s goal . there is two minutes to go , he didn’t want to take that chance because he knows hernandez is in a better position so you have to play that ball . ' ronaldo gave him that ball so that goal is ronaldo’s goal . at that moment he knows he can not shoot so he doesn’t take the risk of doing something stupid or silly . '