kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by the ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . gers suffered the first defeat of new boss stuart mccall 's six-game reign on thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at queen of the south . it was an especially flat display after the high of recent scottish championship victories over hearts and hibernian . kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by the ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . the light blues - who remain behind the easter road side in third place on goal difference - now have five games left , starting with raith on sunday , to leapfrog hibs and spare themselves the effort of playing two extra ties in the play-offs . finish third and they could even be sent back to palmerston - where they have now lost twice this season - for another testing clash with queens , provided james fowler 's side see off falkirk in the race for fourth . but the worry for striker miller is that gers ' lack of consistency could wreck their chance of a premiership return . the 35-year-old said : ' last night was a reminder that we have not turned the corner and that there 's a lot of hard work still to be done . miller ( centre ) looks dejected as his rangers side slumped to a 3-0 defeat at queen of the south . ' it was a performance that summed up out season a little bit . that ' consistency ' word has come up a lot this year . ' we seem to have a couple of good performances and then complacency kicks in and we take our foot of the gas . ' if we go back three games to the hibs result , i do n't think anyone could have seen that coming . fast forward three games and i do n't think anyone could have seen the result last night coming . ' we have to nail down that consistency and get to a level of performance that we can pretty much guarantee every week . rangers had recently secured victories over scottish championship rivals hearts and hibernian . ' might this inconsistency come back to haunt us in the play-offs ? it could do , yes . ' there is no point winning 1-0 or 2-0 at home and losing 3-0 away - that means you are out . ' it 's about getting that level and balance right . we need to get back to where we were at against hibs and in the first half against hearts , where i thought we were superb . '