christian benteke faces a substantial pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep aston villa in the premier league – but is set to attract interest should he continue his scoring streak . whatever villa 's premier league status this summer , benteke 's future will be discussed as his contract , worth £50,000 per week , enters its final two years and the belgian striker has ambitions to play european football . wolfsburg have kept tabs on benteke since before he ruptured his achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker . the wealthy german club , currently second in bundesliga , should have funds available from champions league money , even after their £42million splurge on chelsea duo kevin de bruyne and andre schurrle . christian benteke celebrates his opening goal against qpr at villa park on tuesday . villa value their top scorer at £25million however , and even then would remain hugely reluctant to sell with manager tim sherwood a big fan . randy lerner is set to offload the club come the closed season and new owners will have their own thoughts . a hat-trick by benteke in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers , capped by a brilliant free-kick , underlined his return to form under sherwood . he has scored seven goals in his last five villa games , earning the team an additional three points in the process – the current gap to the drop zone . benteke went on to net a hat-trick which salvaged a vital point for his side . but should villa slip below the dreaded dotted line and out of the premier league , benteke is in line for an approximate 30 per cent reduction on his wages to £35,000 a week . the 24-year-old would look to leave villa park in that scenario , rather than play in the championship , with a host of clubs likely to express interest . there is , however , no relegation release clause . even if villa stay in the premier league benteke will assess his options . two years ago he handed in a transfer request to try to force a move to tottenham hotspur following his debut season in england yielding 23 goals . the arrival of tim sherwood at villa park has rejuvenated benteke 's form in front of goal this season . he signed a new four-year deal on vastly improved terms . last season was less successful , bringing 11 goals before serious injury struck last april ruling benteke out of the world cup . his form suffered on return to the side last october , and at times he cut a bereft figure starved of service under paul lambert 's regime . lambert even dropped benteke in his penultimate game in charge at home to chelsea . sherwood 's arrival has seen benteke return to his best , with a goal every 87 minutes . that kind of strike rate should keep villa up , but also alert top-flight clubs . spurs are looking to sign young players around the £15million mark , though , while liverpool would need to shift mario balotelli . jack grealish is convinced benteke 's goals will ensure villa 's premier league survival this season . benteke is comfortable with life in birmingham and at villa , but holds desires to play higher up the league and in continental competitions . qualification for the europa league is still a possibility through the fa cup for villa , of course . teenage winger jack grealish , who started his first premier league match against qpr , is adamant benteke will help keep villa safe . ' yes , when you have christian in the team who can score goals every game , ' he said . ' we are going to go in saturday 's game ( at spurs ) positive . 100 per cent we will stay up . ' 