raheem sterling edged closer towards an exit from liverpool on wednesday night after admitting in a tv interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield . sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside and revealed in a bbc interview on wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . but in an in-depth tv discussion that liverpool knew nothing about until shortly before it was aired the 20-year-old admitted that it was ' quite flattering ' to be linked to arsenal – who liverpool face on saturday in the barclays premier league – and that he used to dream of playing abroad . raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . sterling , pictured celebrating a goal for england , says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . sterling 's current £35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal . sterling arrives for training at liverpool 's melwood training ground . sterling arrives at training ahead of liverpool 's game with arsenal . premier league . appearances : 28 . goals : 6 . assists : 7 . champions league / europa league . appearances : 8 . goals : 0 . assists : 1 . liverpool are infuriated by sterling 's decision to give the interview without even telling them and some members of the club 's hierarchy are convinced that the england international and his representatives are simply preparing the way for a move this summer . ' it 's not about the money at all , ' sterling said . ' it 's never been about money . i talk about winning trophies throughout my career . that 's all i talk about . ' i do n't talk about how many cars i 'm going to drive , how many houses i 've got . i just purely want to be the best i can be . ' i do n't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old . ' i try to kill it off , but i do n't think the public can see it that way . ' i think they just see it as this 20-year-old boy being greedy . ' i just want to take the time to think about what i 've achieved in my career so far , where i need to go and what i need to do to get better as a player . sterling says that he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year . sterling has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . sterling takes on lithuania 's georgas freidgeimas during england 's euro 2016 qualifier at wembley . ' everyone 's dream growing up is seeing themselves in an away kit somewhere in a sunny country . but , in reality , i 'm happy to be playing for liverpool and trying to win trophies . ' ' if , at that point in time [ last season ] , i was offered a contract , i most definitely would have signed straight away , probably for far less money than being said now . ' i just think the timing was a bit off . ' sterling 's stand-off with liverpool has been a theme of the club 's season so far . liverpool fans will be desperate for him to stay but it would now appear that the gap between himself and his club is widening . manager brendan rodgers is aware of sterling 's comments and will address them as part of his weekly press conference on friday . it is understood that he will not allow the issue to cloud his judgement ahead of his selection for saturday 's game and that sterling – if fit – will play at the emirates . equally , however , liverpool 's american owners will not allow themselves to be bullied over this issue and are prepared to stand firm – just as they did with luis suarez in 2013 – unless they receive an astronomical offer for a player they value in excess of £50m . there will be no shortage of suitors for sterling should he leave liverpool - in the premier league and europe . sterling insists that he is focused on winning trophies and becoming the best player he can be . liverpool boss brendan rodgers must convince sterling to sign a new deal and remain at anfield . liverpool are not prepared to sell to a premier league rival – manchester city are also interested – unless the numbers involved are astronomical . patience with sterling and his representatives is shortening , however . rodgers feels that it is sterling 's management team are driving the whole issue but is also known to feel that players should take control of their own destiny , however young they are . 