the saying ' two is company but three 's a crowd ' clearly did n't apply to james corden as he met two beckham sporting stars . the comedian tweeted a picture on thursday alongside former england captain david beckham and new york giants ' nfl hotshot odell beckham jnr . accompanied with the caption : ' double beckhams ! ' corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo . james corden ( centre ) posted a picture alongside odell beckham jnr ( left ) and david beckham via twitter . both beckhams , who are of no relation , were pictured in america with the 36-year-old - who is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states . last month david beckham lifted the lid on his son brooklyn 's first date , in which the former manchester united midfielder watched on from a nearby table in a london restaurant . speaking as a guest on corden 's show , the ex-real madrid and la galaxy star told the hilarious story of his 16-year-old son 's first foray into the world of dating . when probed by corden , who asked , ' he must be getting quite big into the dating circuit now ? ' , beckham replied : ''yeah , it 's happening . he 's going to hate me for this . ' i 'm fine with it , because on his first date - when he was about 14 and a half - it was valentine 's day so he said , `` i 'd love to take this girl to dinner . '' david beckham embarrassed his son brooklyn on james corden 's late late show in america last month . brooklyn watched on from the audience as his father told the story of his first date , at a sushi bar in london . ' i said , `` okay , great . '' i spoke to victoria , and she was like , `` really ? `` , so i said , `` yeah , he 's going to do it . '' ' she said , `` okay , make sure you take him and then make sure you sit in the restaurant . '' so i was like , `` really , you 're going to make me do that ? '' and she said `` yeah , that 's the only way i 'm going to let him go . '' ' ' so we took him to a small sushi restaurant and he sat at the sushi bar and i sat about five tables back . by the way , my daughter is four years old . when she gets to that age , i will be closer than that ! ' beckham 's son brooklyn , who was sat in the audience as his dad retold the embarrassing story , is aiming to follow in his father 's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer . this season , he has been playing for arsenal 's under 16s but was recently dealt a blow with the news that the gunners will not hand him a new deal at the end of the season . brooklyn is looking to follow in his father 's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer . odell beckham jnr ( right ) made the headlines for his sensational catch vs dallas cowboys in november 2014 .