a nurse has been suspended after she removed the alarm buzzer from a brain-damaged patient and told a disciplinary hearing she ' was n't interested ' in the case . vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing . she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent . the father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012 , which left him paralysed on his life side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate . grant clarke , 45 , suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012 . it left him paralysed on his left side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate . vanessa kennard , one of the nurses caring for mr clarke at the west kent neuro-rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital , has been suspended from her role for six months after being charged with misconduct . his family became concerned when they visited him at the west kent neuro-rehabilitation unit and discovered he smelled of urine and was becoming more and more depressed . his partner binny moore planted a secret camera in an ipod docking station . the footage captured revealed the shocking extent of neglect mr clarke was subjected to . it showed him looking on helplessly as one nurse dug into his feeding tubes with a biro pen , while another clip showed ms kennard pulling a help buzzer from his hands . mr clarke , a former it company director , was also subjected to ' appalling ' treatment and left in urine-soaked sheets , covered in faeces . staff at the rehabilitation unit were also shown giving mr clarke drinks , despite him being strictly nil by mouth . when ms moore attempted to speak to a nurse about her partner 's ' unacceptable care ' she was allegedly told , ' point taken , but do bear in mind that we have eight other patients ' . mr clarke , from west kingsdown , was only moved to another unit after his family showed the footage to police , and he was removed from the unit under a court order . as a result of the filming , ms kennard , and her fellow nurses marie banwell and sarah corter , were all charged with misconduct . ms kennard faced 10 counts , including the removal of mr clarke 's help buzzer , and telling ms moore her partner was too ' buzzer happy ' . concerned that mr clarke was being mistreated , his partner binny moore and family planted a secret camera in his room . it captured footage of ms kennard and colleagues failing to provide the accepted standard of care for mr clarke . one nurse was filmed cleaning his feeding tube with a pen , pictured . ms moore , pictured left , complained to the kent and medway nhs and social care partnership trust 26 times - 22 of those complaints were upheld . but the nursing and midwifery council tribunal hearing in london was told ms kennard was not interested in the case , and ' does n't care what happens ' . the panel imposed an interim six-month suspension order in her absence . deputy ward manager ms banwell admitted 13 charges but denies nine others - including one of cleaning the patient 's feed tube with a biro pen . ms coulter , a ward manager , has admitted 13 charges and denies four others . the two-week fitness to practise hearing has concluded and the panel is still considering the cases against ms coulter and ms banwell . mr clarke 's family complained to the trust 26 times - 22 of which were upheld . kent and medway nhs and social care partnership trust said it was ' appalled ' by what happened and suspended the nurses immediately in november 2012 . the hearing will resume in july . 