a mexican cartel boss known as ' the liquidator ' has been detained by the country 's authorities , who claim he is ' linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in juarez city ' . mexican federal authorities arrested juarez cartel boss jesus salas aguayo on friday , bringing an end to the career of a criminal who was famed for dispatching his enemies with the use of dynamite . earning the nickname ' the liquidator ' for the brutal and ruthless methods that earned him a place on the dea 's most wanted list , aguayo is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics , homicide and arms trafficking . scroll down for video . fearsome : jesus salas aguayo , a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss known for his brutal murders of rivals , was arrested on friday by mexican police . mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to the liquidator , including the 2009 murder of a state witness in el paso , a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre of fifteen people in a juarez city bar . in 2008 the sinaloa cartel declared war on the juarez cartel as it sought to take control of ciudad juarez , a city of 1.5 million people that sits on the border with el paso , texas . that year alone saw 1,600 homicides in the city , and ciudad juarez city achieved the title of the most dangerous city in the world for three consecutive years . jesus aguayo , also known as ' el chuyín ' , led the assault on the invading sinaloa forces , causing the bloodshed of narcos , mexican authorities and civilians alike . a respected ' sicario ' or hired gun , the liquidator was known to have spoken of his ambitions to one day run his own drug cartel . in 2008 he was hired by the juarez cartel bosses , who sent him to ciudad juarez to take over command of la línea ( the line ) , the cartel 's street-level army of assassins , who were notorious for mutilating the bodies of their enemies and civilians alike . the jaurez cartel was formerly one of the most feared in mexico , but is now all but extinct following a war with the sinoala cartel , and high profile arrests ( pictured , boss ricardo gracia urquiza is arrested in 2005 ) . the juarez cartel eventually lost the conflict after three murderous years , and today its agents are spread widely across chihuahua state . today juarez city , once a lively and popular border town , shows the scars of a drug war that cost nearly ten thousand lives over the space of four years . entire districts of the city are deserted , rare are the buildings not marked with bullet holes and there are sections where even the police dare not enter given the narcos ' stranglehold on the territory . the arrest of the liquidator occurred on friday in his hometown of villa ahumada , some 80 miles south of ciudad juarez . a gunfight occurred as the task-force moved in to detain aguayo and his two bodyguards , one of whom was killed in an exchange of fire . following the liquidator 's detention , federal agents seized a number of items that were in his possession , including 2 suvs , 4 quad-bikes , a large bag of marijuana , a heavy-duty assault rifle , us $ 20,000 in cash and some 17 mobile telephones . danger : soldiers stand guard atop vehicles along a road where aguayo was detained last week . aguayo had been cartel boss for six months before he was captured after taking over from vicente carrillo fuentes , arrested in october last year . following his arrest , the liquidators criminal associates fled northwards to the town of buenaventura and the surrounding region , threatening local people with death if they did not help them in their plight . a number of complaints were made to the police from residents of the town . the liquidator had only been in the top spot for six months , following the arrest of former juarez cartel boss vicente carrillo in october of last year . the arrest is expected to put an end to what is an already significantly weakened criminal organisation following its defeat at the hands of sinaloa . following a difficult 2014 for the mexican government – a scandal-filled year topped by the disappearance of 43 students at the hands of local police in guerrero state - the country 's authorities have made a number of drug kingpin arrests . ' this government has neutralised 93 of the total 122 targets that it set out when it came to power ' , national security commissioner alejandro rubido told reporters following the liquidator 's arrest . saturday saw the arrest of another cartel boss , josé tiburcio hernandez , supposed leader of the gulf cartel that operates on the eastern end of the us-mexico border . his arrest in reynosa , a town which borders mcallen in texas saw the sustained attack by over 60 armed criminals in 15 vehicles on the district attorney 's office in the town centre . the criminals laid siege to the building for over three hours without success in an attempt to prevent their leader 's extraction to mexico city , where he and jesus aguayo will both be formally charged with drug trafficking , homicide and multiple other felonies this week . the juarez cartel , which was founded in 1970 , claims to be the first drug cartel to have moved cocaine into the united states by aircraft . the barrio azteca gang , which operates in a number of texas cities including el paso and houston is aligned with the juarez cartel .