some of the oldest surviving photographs of the houses of parliament and windsor castle , dating back more than 150 years , have been found . the remarkable images were shot by photographer victor albert prout , who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames . and despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today . scroll down for video . prout travelled along the river thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room ( centre , front ) , capturing and developing his images on site , like this one of windsor castle ( top right ) . prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of britain 's best known landmarks , such as windsor castle , seen from the banks today . a photo of taken of richmond bridge shows the familiar arches of the 18th century stonework , clearly recognisable today . while a picture taken from the banks of the thames of windsor castle , showing prout 's floating dark room in the foreground , is remarkably similar to contemporary pictures of the iconic building . another shows the houses of parliament in the 1850s when henry john temple the viscount palmerston was prime minister , and is strikingly similar to photos taken today . the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000 . prout travelled around the thames on his boat to capture images of the well known landmarks , developing them on the spot his floating dark room construction is often seen tethered to a skiff in some of the photographs . as an artist and photographer was renowned for his panoramic pictures , captured along the stretch of the river thames - featuring images from the houses of parliament to magdalen bridge in oxford . he was commissioned to take the collection of pictures for the book of the thames : from its rise to its fall , by mr and mrs s.g. hall . the photographer was known for his panoramic images , such as this one taken overlooking the river thames , of richmond bridge . richmond bridge today is busier than the scene surrounding the 18th century stone bridge captured by prout around 150 years ago . the buildings and riverside of marlow was captured in a photograph taken by prout , who then developed his pictures as quickly as he could . today 's picture of marlow - with the church spire dominating - bears a striking resemblance to that taken by proust , more than 150 years ago . the images , such as this of iffley mill , were saved by prout in his book of pictures of the thames in the mid 1850s and will now be auctioned . some of the photos capture how the areas have changed , such as at iffley where the watermill no longer stands after it was burned to the ground in 1908 , having survived for almost 800 years . prout 's photography along the river thames included this shot of twickenham in the 1950s , with his darkroom boat in the foreground ( right ) . twickenham has been significantly developed since the 1850s when prout captured his image of the london suburb along the thames . the photos - believed to be the the first documented collection of the uk 's greatest river - were eventually published by prout 's father 's publishing company , virtue and co , in around 1862 . only a handful of copies of the photographs are known to exist , with most in specialist collections . the last to appear at auction was at sothebys in 1981 . each of the photographs captured a historical record of the area at the time - with some also showing how changes have occurred in the last 150 years . at iffley , a watermill built during the 12th century , was a focal part of prout 's image . but in photos from today the mill is absent - after it was burned to the ground in the early 1900s . prout 's image provides a historical record of the construct , which produced malt , barley and corn for almost 800 years . but most of the photos show how little things have changed - such as the photos of the houses of parliament and marlow lock . an image of the houses of parliament and westminster bridge , taken by victor albert prout , is believed to be one of the oldest photographs . prout 's picture of the houses of parliament is thought to be the oldest surviving image of the landmark , which looks similar today . a black and white photograph of hampton court features in prout 's groundbreaking photo album of panoramic views of the river thames . hampton court is in full view overlooking the river thames in an image taken from the exact same spot today as the one several years ago . the images capture how london 's landmarks appeared in the nineteenth century , such as at great marlow lock , as he travelled past . marlow lock and weir lies on the river thames today after being built in 1773 and captured by prout almost 100 years later . the collection will be sold by antiquates ltd - fine and rare books , at the oxford book fair , held on april 25 and 26 , for £28,500 . last month an image taken by prout of young men playing cricket at eton was discovered and at 150 years old , was believed to be the earliest ever photograph of a school cricket match , and the second oldest of any cricket anywhere . the image , which showed men playing in waistcoats , was signed in pencil by prout and taken just five years after the first ever image illustrating the sport . this was captured by roger fenton in 1857 , a founding member of the royal photographic society and famous for his photographs of the crimean war . prout 's photo captures the calmness at wallingford bridge - which connected wallingford with crowmarsh gifford in oxfordshire . today wallingford bridge is still a calm stretch of waterway on the river thames , with most traffic now crossing winterbrook bridge instead . snapshots in the collection , including this of barges in oxford , will be sold when it is sold at the oxford book fair for around £30,000 . the busy waterways in oxford , pictured in 2009 , bear a striking resemblance to the bustling river captured by prout 150 years earlier . the incredibly rare collection of photographs taken from london to oxford is to be sold and has an estimated value of about £30,000 .  