this is the heart-stopping moment two robbers pointed a gun at a family and their toddler during a corner-shop raid , before throwing sweets at them when they refused to hand over cash . luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into the londis shop in cleveleys near blackpool in october last year while the owner , his wife , and their toddler were behind the counter . the pair then pulled out a ' realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in the family 's faces , demanding cash from the till , but the brave parents refused to hand it over . luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , raided a corner shop in cleveleys near blackpool using a ' realistic looking ' handgun , pointing it at the owner , his wife , and their toddler as they hid behind the counter . when the mother and father refused to hand over cash , munro and thompson threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed . at that point , cctv footage shows munro and thompson began throwing handfuls of sweets at the couple behind the counter , before fleeing empty handed . the duo were tracked down , and at preston crown court on wednesday munro was jailed for five years and four months , while thompson was sentenced to three years and four months . after the sentencing police said the attack was ' extremely distressing ' for the family , who had been ' left in fear of their lives ' during the raid . detective inspector gareth willis , from lancashire police , said : ' it 's just incredibly brave of them not to give them what they wanted . ' the victims have been extremely brave in what must have been a terrifying incident for them both . munro ( left ) was jailed for five years at preston crown court for robbery , possessing a firearm and burglary , while thompson was jailed for three years and four months for robbery and firearms offences . police said the victims had been left ' extremely distressed ' during the raid , and had been ' left in fear of their lives ' as the gun was waved in their face . ' the female actually had her baby with her in the store when she was threatened with the weapon , which makes the offenders ' actions even more reprehensible . ' detective constable paul morris , from the same force , added : ' this was a terrifying ordeal for the two shop owners and their young child who were left in fear of their lives after being threatened with what they believed to be a real firearm . ' munro and thompson caused extreme distress for the victims involved and i hope that the sentences send a warning to criminals that crimes of this nature are treated seriously by both the police and the courts as well as bringing some closure for the victims . ' 