an police officer who rammed his police car into a suspect told investigators it was either ' shoot him or run him over . ' shocking dash cam footage emerged last week which showed marana police officer michael rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect mario valencia . the video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero . scroll down for video . deliberate act : valencia ( pictured , left , in his mug shot ) remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail . police have since spoken out in defense of rapiejko 's actions in the town of marana , arizona . but officer rapiejko said that valencia had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force , according to a recording obtained by nbc station kvoa . ' he 's refused commands , he 's holding what i believe to be a locked and loaded rifle , ' said rapiejko in the inquiry recording , who had also warned there were two officers on the street and business nearby . ' this is what i deem at this point to be a lethal force encounter . ' ' i have two thoughts that go in my mind , i need to shoot him to stop the threat or i need to run him over to stop the threat . ' rapiejko said he had slammed his patrol car into valencia after he allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air and was walking towards other officers in marana , northwest of tucson , arizona on february 19 . target : the police officer in the other vehicle warns rapiejko that the suspect is loaded and tells him to ' stand off ' . but in apparent defiance of his advice , rapiejo drives straight toward unsuspecting valencia ( pictured ) . horrific : seconds later , rapiejo 's vehicle mounts the curb ( pictured ) and smashes into the suspect 's body . hit : in this screen grab , from the dashcam video , valenica appears to turn toward the car as it strikes him . in the inquiry recording he added that he was 50 yards away from valencia , and felt that was too great a distance to safely take a shot . in the two videos , recorded on dash cams in rapiejko 's and another police officer 's car , valencia is captured walking along the street carrying the weapon . he then points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ' one round just went out . he 's definitely loaded . ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ' stand off , the gun is loaded . ' but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . the other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down . ' at the end of the footage , obtained by kold , rapiejko is captured emerging from his vehicle and approaching valencia , while other cops exit their own cars with their guns raised . valencia was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility . he was eventually booked into jail two days later . smash : valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall ( pictured ) before coming to a halt amid debris . the other cop can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down ' . high-speed : bits of concrete can be seen sailing through the sky as rapiejko 's patrol car continues traveling . he faces charges that include armed robbery , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , arson , burglary and theft . valencia 's attorney , michelle cohen metzger , has called the incident an excessive use of police force , and said it was clear that valencia was suicidal . local police chief terry rozema has since spoken out to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . speaking to cnn , rozema was asked if officer michael rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect mario valencia , 36 . ' that very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . the fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , ' rozema said . ' so if he ends up dying in that situation , ( then ) he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate , ( but ) that 's not the desire of everybody , ' the chief added . pozema argued that rapiejko may actually have saved valencia 's life because we do n't know what he would have done next . cracked : valencia , was rushed to university of arizona medical center in a serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility on february 19 . above , rapiejko 's car window appears to be cracked . another view : despite the shocking footage of the crash , marana police chief terry rozema has defended officer rapiejko 's actions . above , this dashcam video was taken from inside the other officer 's car . ' we do n't know that if ( rapiejko ) lets him go for another 10 seconds , ( valencia ) does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , ' rozema said . ' and then we 're answering some completely different questions : ' why did n't you act sooner ? ... this guy had a gun ... why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' rapiejko was cleared by the prosecutor 's office and returned to work after a three-day leave , police said . an administrative review is underway . in february , sergeant chris warren also appeared to support the deliberate crash , telling kold that valencia ' was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . this crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at columbus avenue and 29th street , vandalism and burglary at the tucson baptist temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . it culminated in the alleged theft of a rifle from walmart at 8280 north cortaro road . from there , the suspect fled to 5650 west coca cola place , where he was struck and injured by rapiejko 's vehicle . swerving : the second video shows rapiejko 's car swerving across the road and heading toward valencia . life-saving ? the vehicle smashes into the suspect ( the black shape in the air , between the tree and the car ) . apprehended : at the end of the footage , obtained by cbs affiliate kold-tv , rapiejko can be seen emerging from his vehicle and approaching valencia ( under the tree ) , while other cops emerge with their guns raised . ' he 'd just stolen a weapon , loaded it , was not obeying commands from officers and walking toward occupied businesses . it 's a busy time of morning , a lot of employees at work , ' said sgt warren . ' we had to take immediate action and make sure he did n't get inside those businesses . ' rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , because it was considered use of force . however , the pima county attorney 's office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing and he is back on the force , sgt warren said . valencia , meanwhile , is facing several felony charges for his ' spree ' . valencia had already been approached by police near a post office following the alleged walmart theft , it is reported . there , he had apparently threatened suicide , before firing the gun and fleeing . this latest incident following cell phone footage earlier this month capturing south carolina police officer michael slager fatally shotting water scott , 50 , five times in the back as he was running away . 