a man has been arrested in connection with the death of an imam found dead in his car . abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning in wembley , north west london . the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and ' actively ' campaigned against extremist , his family have since revealed . on monday morning scotland yard confirmed that a 46-year-old had been arrested in brent , north west london , on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . a 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with abdul hadi arwani ( pictured above ) who was found dead on tuesday . police are appealing to anyone who may have seen mr arwani or his car in wembley on either sunday april 5 or tuesday april 7 . he is being questioned at a central london police station while officers continue their appeal for witnesses . a scotland yard spokesman said authorities remained ' open minded ' about the culprit 's motive for killing the father-of-six who has been described as ' the most peaceful man you could wish to meet ' . they would not comment on claims that a hitman had lured the preacher to the area on false pretences before shooting him repeatedly while sat in the back seat of his car . they want to speak to anyone who may have seen mr arwani or his car , a dark coloured volkswagen passat . it is understood that mr arwani visited the area where his body was found two days beforehand on sunday 5 , parking in the havenwood area for ' a short while ' . a post-mortem examination revealed he had died as a result of gun wounds . counter-terrorism investigators were drafted by metropolitan police last week ' because ' of their expertise in the management of investigations with international dimensions and an established liaison network abroad ' . they refused to reveal whether either mr arwani 's passionate view of syria or his connection to the an-noor mosque in acton was being considered as a line of inquiry . police have confirmed mr arwani visited the area where he was found dead two days before being fatally shot in his black car ( above ) . mr arwani was thought to have been shot dead in his car . he has been described as ' the most peaceful man ' by his family .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .