a travel-inspired jewelry company is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next kate middleton by marrying into the british royal family , with a playful necklace designed to help anglophiles map out their fantasy marriages . jet set candy , which offers a collection of destination-specific charms aimed at helping people to choose where they should head on their travels , enables you to take your pick of britain’s royals with the marry british royalty spinner charm , giving users eight possibilities for a ' future husband ' - including 'king-to-be george ' . ' fancy your chances with prince harry ? got eyes for a duke ? tie the knot with a british royal and go from commoner to queen . your palace awaits ! ' reads the description of the fanciful charm , which comes in 14k gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively . here 's hoping : jewelry brand jet set candy 's marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil ( l ) and sterling silver ( r ) and retails for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively . eligible bachelor : prince harry is one of the eight ' future husbands ' listed on the charm 's playful spinner wheel . the charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin . while the front lists one-year-old prince george and 30-year-old prince harry , as well as other more generic options such as ‘duke’ , ‘marquess’ , ‘earl’ , ‘viscount’ , ‘baron’ and ‘commoner’ , as the options for your future husband , the flip side offers eight ' future homes ' , allocating you anything from a palace , castle or estate to an abbey , manor , house , cottage – or even foreclosure . meanwhile , the charm silently acknowledges that 32-year-old prince william , who is awaiting the birth of his second child with kate , is already taken - by not mentioning him at all . the jewelry brand , which is perfect for anyone who has the travel bug , also sells similar spinner charms for other cities , as well as various destination pendants , luggage tag charms , link bracelets , engraved bangles and more . jet set candy 's founder and designer nicole parker king launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six different continents and nearly 50 countries . dream life : prince george , pictured with his parents , the duke and duchess of cambridge , is listed as one of the options for a future royal husband . same concept : the caribbean sailing spinner ( l ) and the nyc planner spinner ( r ) are variations of the unique charm . both pieces come in 14k gold vermeil and sterling silver . the sixth generation new yorker recently moved back to manhattan after living in new delhi for nearly four years with her husband chris , who was posted their as an australian diplomat . but despite all of her travels , nicole never came across her version of the perfect souvenir , so she took it upon herself to create it . despite all of her travels , nicole was never able to find the perfect souvenir to take home from her trips , so decided to make them on her own . and her dedication to reinventing travel keepsakes that are both cheeky and classic has paid off . model-of-the-moment kendall jenner sported her brand 's amsterdam windmill ring in a spread featured in the february issue of vogue . family event : prince william , who is awaiting the birth of his second child with kate ( pictured together last month ) , is already taken and therefore not featured on the charm . stylish souvenirs : jet set candy 's other items include a two tone new york taxi charm ( l ) , which retails for $ 198 , and a london is my cup of tea charm ( r ) available for $ 128 .