johnathan isaby ( pictured ) , chief executive of the tax payers’ alliance , called the number of communications staff ‘ blatant hypocrisy’ . taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk . the number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments . london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities , four times more than the entire editorial staff at the evening standard , the times reported . nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each , with manchester city council the worst offender for its size . it has 77 individuals working for it in pr and similar areas . leeds city council comes second with 47 staff and bristol and sheffield city come joint third . they both employ 43 . glasgow city council and the kirklees metropolitan borough council in yorkshire each employed 40 pr officers and individuals in similar fields . the figures were unveiled in a freedom of information act request by press gazette to 435 city , district and borough councils to which 405 replied with information about their communications staff . the figures were unveiled in a freedom of information act request by press gazette to 435 city , district and borough councils to which 405 replied with information about their communications staff . press gazette made a similar request to central government over its pr staff during another investigation last year . figures revealed that the home office had 275 full-time positions in marketing , press relations and similar areas . manchester city council ( pictured ) was the worst offender for its size . it had 77 individuals working for it in pr and similar areas . the cabinet office had 205 pr staff and the department for work and pensions had 184 . johnathan isaby , the chief executive of the tax payers’ alliance was quoted as saying it was ‘ blatant hypocrisy’ for councils to comment so often on the need for necessary saving while keeping on so many staff for communications . he added that the next central government needed to crack down on the ‘ army of propagandists’ funded by the taxpayer . he said those footing the bill expected their money to go to front line services not spin doctors .