gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground and slaughtered by spanish media as he was blamed for the goalless draw in the champions league . almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans at the valdebebas base , bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with atletico madrid . the £86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on wednesday morning , as they labelled his performance lazy and told him to ' run more ' . scroll down for video . gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club 's training ground on wednesday morning . it came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans . bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by spanish media after his one-on-one miss . it comes after marca gave bale just five out of 10 while as awarded him one star , as spanish media tore into the welshman following his one-on-one miss at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . bale could have given the visitors the lead early on as he only had relatively untried goalkeeper jan oblak to beat , but scuppered the opportunity . even the club 's captain and goalkeeper iker casillas admitted bale 's miss was costly . ' it 's difficult to assimilate that in seven games against atletico we did n't win one , ' said casillas . ' if gareth bale scores it is a different game to what we saw . but then it was a great save . ' as well as giving him poor ratings , marca went one further by publishing a separate damning analysis of bale , in which they write he should have ' kept his cool ' and has a ' mental block ' . real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico and bale 's costly miss made the front pages of the newspapers . bale raced through for this one-on-one chance with atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak . real madrid 's £86million signing bale missed the one-on-one chance and the game ended in a 0-0 draw . bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club 's training ground afterwards .