six minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed monday , the latest westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to syria to join the islamic state group . the six , whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels , are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the complaint says the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , san diego or new york city , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped . scroll down for video . zacharia yusuf abdurahman , and adnan abdihamid farah , both 19 , and their four co-accused have been described as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to syria . hanad mustafe musse , 19 , and the five other men arrested have been accused of being ' intent ' on joining isis . charged are mohamed abdihamid farah , 21 ; adnan abdihamid farah , 19 ; abdurahman yasin daud , 21 ; zacharia yusuf abdurahman , 19 ; hanad mustafe musse , 19 ; and guled ali omar , 20 . ' these were focused men who were intent on joining a terrorist organization , ' minnesota u.s. attorney andy luger said at a news conference monday . the six were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on monday . they are the latest people from minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of westerners by is . authorities said earlier that a handful of minnesota residents have traveled to syria to fight with militants in the past year , and at least one has died . three of those charged in the newest complaint - mohamed farah , abdurahman and musse - were stopped at a new york city airport in november along with 19-year-old hamza ahmed , but they were not charged until now . ahmed was indicted on charges of lying to the fbi during a terrorism investigation , conspiring to provide material support to is , and attempting to provide material support . he has pleaded not guilty . on monday , the fbi announced the arrest of six somali-american men from minnesota , accused of trying to join isis . above , fbi special agent richard r thornton details the arrests at a press conference , with u.s. attorney andrew m luger to the left . despite being stopped already , luger said , the three others continued to try to get to syria to join is ' by any means possible . ' the complaint describes several interactions some of the men had with abdi nur , a minnesota man charged previously with conspiracy to provide support to a terror organization . the complaint says nur , ' from his locale in syria , recruits individuals and provides assistance to those who want to leave minnesota to fight abroad . ' the complaint relies in part on material from a confidential informant who had himself conspired to join is before he changed his mind and went to authorities . some of the informant 's conversations with the six men were recorded . the minneapolis area is home to the largest concentration of somali immigrants in the u.s . since 2007 , more than 22 young somali men have also traveled from minnesota to somalia to join the militant group al-shabab . omar 's older brother , ahmed ali omar , was among those who joined al-shabab , leaving minnesota in december 2007 , according to the complaint . ahmed omar remains a fugitive . it also said when agents went to the younger omar 's house after he was stopped in san diego in november , another brother , mohamed ali omar , threatened them .