a parolee who crashed into and killed a newlywed mother while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit apologized to her husband as he was sentenced to at least 20 years ' in jail . john mccallum , 27 , was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary . the crash at an intersection in redford , detroit , flipped mrs weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year . francesca weatherhead ( pictured ) was killed when parolee john mccallum collided with her vehicle while fleeing police . mccallum ( left ) was sentenced to 20 - 45 years ' in jail for the killing of francesca weatherhead , who had only months before married her college sweetheart matthew ( pictured together right ) . her death caused outrage when it was revealed mccallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest . he had first been eligible for parole in september 2013 but was held longer because authorities thought he needed to complete a violence prevention program . yet he was released just months later , after the michigan department of corrections decided he successfully passed the program . during sentencing on tuesday , mccallum told mrs weatherhead 's husband he thought of what happened every day from inside his jail cell . he said : ' if i could have avoided the death of her , i would have . i would like to say i 'm sorry , ' the detroit free press reported . despite his contrition , judge cynthia gray hathaway sentenced him to 20-45 years in prison after he struck a plea deal with prosecutors in which charges of home invasion and reckless driving causing death were dropped . mrs weatherhead was driving to her job as a sales manager when mccallum ran a red light in his ford escape and struck her car . francesca and matthew weatherhead pose for an engagement photo . the couple married in june but she was killed only months later . the two met at michigan state university , where matthew weatherhead was going to medical school . she had married matthew weatherhead in june , and was putting her husband through medical school at msu college of osteopathic medicine . mrs weatherhead graduated from trenton high school , where she played softball and was named homecoming queen . she went on to attend michigan state university and graduated in 2010 with a degree in business administration and marketing . her family previously expressed their dismay at losing such a beloved family member , the news herald reported . her younger sister nina vitale said : ' words can not express what an overwhelming feeling it is to lose someone so close to you . ' she was more than a daughter , sister , wife or friend . she was our strength and we are lost without her . ' mr weatherhead told the court his partner was a wonderful wife and would have been a great mother .