inverness have angrily vowed to fight an sfa bid to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final . meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan after handling a goal-bound header from celtic 's leigh griffiths in sunday 's controversial semi-final . after losing 3-2 following extra-time , celtic wrote to the sfa to seek ' clarification ' on the reasons for referee steven mclean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident , when the parkhead club were leading 1-0 . inverness defender josh meekings prevents a goal-bound header from celtic 's leigh griffiths with his hand . meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time . meekings will argue his case at an sfa tribunal tomorrow after inverness vowed to ' vigorously defend ' their player in a bid to clear him for the final against falkirk on may 30 . ' we intend to vigorously defend our player and are taking legal advice on the issue , ' said a club statement . ' we are extremely disappointed that this has arisen and the player himself is mentally shattered at the turn of events . ' josh is keen to appear in person at the disciplinary hearing and we will most strongly support him by all means available . ' celtic had goalkeeper craig gordon sent off in sunday 's second half as their chances of a rare domestic treble turned to dust . the decision to query the standard of officiating at the semi-final came after a huge supporter backlash , but prompted anger from fans of other clubs . caley thistle boss john hughes said after sunday 's historic victory that meekings might have received a red card . celtic captain scott brown ( left ) appeals to referee steven mclean during the scottish cup semi-final . celtic 's adam matthews ( right ) slides in with a strong challenge on nick ross ( left ) during sunday 's game . already missing defender gary warren from the final , however , he insisted the alleged hand-ball had been accidental . ' if they are going to do that , i 'll just get the video tapes out and go back and say : ' what about this , what about that ? ' ' who says he has done it on purpose ? ' for me that 's your initial reaction , you 're going to head the ball and your hand comes up . ' i 'm honest enough to tell you it 's one we got away with . but i do n't think it was deliberate . ' i think josh went to try to get his head on it and his hand comes up . ' the referee never saw it , play on , one we got away with and it was probably the bit of luck we needed . ' meekings himself posted on twitter on tuesday night , saying : ' thanks for all the positive messages and support . ca n't comment on anything , but i am seeing them and appreciate it . ' celtic pair aleksandar tonev ( left ) and john guidetti ( right ) look dejected following the semi-final defeat . 