sexual assault charges were dropped against uber driver maxine fohounhedo , 30 , after he produced an audio recording from the night of the alleged attack . sexual assault charges against a chicago uber driver have been dropped after prosecutors heard a secret recording he made of his passenger the night of the alleged attack . maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with fohounhedo . she alleged that she eventually woke up in fohounhedo 's apartment as he was having sex with her , according to the chicago sun-times . the woman told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home . she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at swedish covenant hospital , the chicago tribune reported . shady yassin , fohounhedo 's attorney , claims the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they ' went back to his place . ' ' whatever happened there did not arise to anything criminal , ' yassin said . according to yassin , fohounhedo made the nine-minute recording as he drove the woman home because ' he had a gut feeling he needed to protect himself ' . ' she was having a friendly conversation with him , ' yassin said . ' and talking about her boyfriend and her work , and gave him a hug in the end . ' yassin said when fohounhedo helped the woman out of his car she said ' thank you so much ' . the attorney said prosecutors authenticated the recording after fohounhedo turned over his phone . shady yassin , fohounhedo 's attorney , said the woman made the pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they ' went back to his place ' . ' whatever happened there did not arise to anything criminal , ' he said . fohounhedo 's wife sheena ( right ) said the couple will have to work to get past the incident . fohounhedo was released from cook county jail on monday night . he has spent the last four months behind bars . sheena fohounhedo , his wife , told abc 7 the couple will have to work to get past the incident but that she is happy her husband is coming home . fohounhedo was using his wife 's uber account , which is a violation of the company 's policy , when he picked up the 22-year-old woman . uber removed fohounhedo from the service after he was charged with assault . yassin said his client was n't given a chance and that ' everybody immediately thought he was guilty ' . he said fohounhedo has no ill will against uber but does not plan to work with the company again . fohounhedo was just one of several uber drivers who have been accused of sexual assault since the app was launched in the us in 2011 . another woman in chicago sued the company earlier this year after her driver allegedly locked her in the car and groped her breast , legs and groin before she escaped .