new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign . as campaign manager for clinton 's successful 2000 senate run , de blasio said on sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message , and that he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . ' not until i see — and again , i would say this about any candidate — until i see an actual vision of where they want to go , ' de blasio told nbc 's meet the press about an possible endorsement for clinton . ' i think she 's a tremendous public servant . i think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office . and by the way , thoroughly vetted , we can say that . but we need to see the substance . ' scroll down for video . new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go with before giving up an endorsement . he also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . as campaign manager for clinton 's successful 2000 senate run , de blasio said on sunday it is important for clinton to define her campaign message ( clinton and de blasio pictured together at the wildlife conservation society gala in june 2014 ) . while he said clinton has a very progressive history , which is seen through her work with children and families , he noted that the income inequality in the u.s. is ' out of control ' and that it has to be addressed by candidates . ' [ a plan ] has to include progressive taxation . it has to include increases in wages and benefits . it has to include the willingness to tax the wealthy so we can invest infrastructure , so we can invest in education again , ' de blasio told nbc . ' that 's what i think progressives and everyday americans will be looking for from hillary and all other candidate . ' de blasio said that clinton 's work that proved to be successful during her 2000 senate run would be repeated in 2016 - highlighting her previous efforts to effectively listen to what was happening to everyday people . he said that going into this year as a candidate , clinton has a ' tremendous opportunity ' to present a progressive vision as a result of how different circumstances are compared to when she ran in 2008 - with the economic crisis that impacted so many americans . de blasio also noted that a lot of the work that proved to be successful from her 2000 senate bid would be repeated this year , citing her efforts to listen to what was happening to everyday people . ' i think that 's going to be more necessary this year than ever before , because people in this country are hurting , ' said de blasio . ' the great recession set people back on their heels in a way we have not seen in decades and decades . ' i think it 's important for hillary to hear those stories of the american people . i think it will make her a stronger candidate . '