seven female students , some of whom attend brigham young university in utah , were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man . the victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named kayla in texas . and the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday . scroll down for videos . seven women who were all believed to be in an online relationship with the same man found out that they had been catfished by a 24-year-old woman in texas named kayla . kayla apologized to the women , saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it 's ' difficult ' to be both gay and mormon . ' can i ask what triggered this in the first place and why you 've done it for so long ? ' one of the women asked . kayla responded by saying she tried to figure out her life in the ' wrong way ' . ' it 's for the simple fact that being gay and being mormon is hard , ' kayla said . ' your church tells you , `` we love you , but we do n't love who you are '' . ' in the episode she apologizes to the women , most of whom forgive her and say they would have been her friend in other circumstances . ' i 'm sorry that i dragged you guys into my mess . whether you believe me or not , that 's up to you , ' she said to the women . the women has spoken to the women for various amounts of time , ranging from a month to more than a year . kayla had taken the identity of a man named keagan , who goes to school in montana . he apologized to the women who all had been talking to a kayla , who used keagan 's pictures online . the women 's faces all looked disappointed and shocked when kayla first walked through the door , revealing herself as the person they had all been talking to . the women mostly wanted to know why kayla decided to pretend to be a man and why she had spoken to some of the women for longer than others . kayla had stolen the identity of a montana student named keagan , who the women had a chance to meet on the dr phil segment . he had no idea his identity had been stolen and apologized to the women for what had happened to them . one victim said that the man she thought she was talking to told her he loved her , while another said he became ' her perfect guy ' and that it ' almost seemed too good to be true ' . it emerged that kayla was a catfish - someone who tricks others online by setting up fake profiles with fake pictures and names- after one of the women became suspicious and looked into the man she had been talking to . kayla told dr phil that she ' did n't have any evil intentions ' and that she was just trying to figure herself out . ' i created an online persona so i could figure out who i was , and figure out if i was gay or not and figure out if i wanted to be part of the religion or not . ' kayla , who now says she is gay , said . she added : ' do i want to be part of the church , or do i want to be gay ? and unfortunately , i saw myself in a position where i could n't have both ... you do n't understand how difficult that is . ' victim hilary hayes said she had been texted out of the blue by someone calling himself ' hunter anderson ' who claimed to have seen her at a party and that he was a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . the women appeared uncomfortable at times during the interview and some even rolled their eyes at what kayla was saying . most of the women , however , agreed to forgive kayla for what she did . she told fox13 that they would regularly text and talk and he even sent her flowers on valentine 's day - but that anderson would never agree to meet up . at the same time , another victim , sara vanwagenen , believed she was in a relationship with a man called ' hyrum young ' . she too reported that the person they were in contact with would never agree to meet up . the pair eventually realised the texts they were receiving were from the same number and it turned out they had both been duped by a woman called kayla , from texas . vanwagenen is reported as saying : ' i let this person into my life in a really big way . i was really angry and really hurt . ' hayes added : ' she just knew everything about me it was just really hurtful to find out that you literally did n't know anything about this person , not even something so foundational as their name . ' new york daily news reports that police were informed but that no action was taken because the woman was living in a different state .