rampant lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in serie a into saturday 's match at league leaders juventus . the biancoceleste , who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games , will attempt to solidify their grip on second place . a victory would leave them nine points behind juve with seven games remaining . lazio , lead by miroslav klose and felipe anderson , have won eight games in a row in serie a . head coach stefano pioli says his side will go ' all out for victory ' against juventus on saturday . juventus are unbeaten at home this season but they did slip to just their second defeat of the campaign last weekend in a major upset at bottom-side parma . ' i 'm satisfied with what we have done , ' lazio coach stefano pioli said to the italian press . however , he stressed : ' we have not achieved anything yet . ' we need to continue to work with focus . ' there are many games left to play before we can celebrate . ' against juve we will try to go all out for victory . ' we do n't want to have any regrets after the game . ' the clash with lazio comes at the start of a challenging week for juve . massimiliano allegri 's team travels to montecarlo on tuesday for the return leg of their champions league quarter-final against monaco holding a 1-0 advantage . the bianconeri will then take on torino four days later in the turin derby . felipe andrson celebrates after scoring during the 4-0 rout against empoli last sunday . lazio face massimiliano allegri 's ( pictured ) juventus , and will cut the gap to nine points with victory . roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third in the standings , one point adrift of lazio . the giallorossi hold the last champions league qualifying spot and host atalanta on sunday . at the other end of the table , bottom-side parma go into sunday 's match at empoli following another major blow . the club was docked four points on thursday as punishment related to their financial troubles . parma had already been hit with a three-point deduction earlier this season for failing to pay players . the latest setback has left parma 18 points adrift of safety with 24 points still up for grabs . napoli , seven points behind roma , take on relegation-threatened cagliari in sardinia . rafael benitez 's side won 4-1 triumph at wolfsburg in the first leg of its europa league quarter-final tie thursday . fiorentina are one place and one point behind napoli and host hellas verona on monday . the viola were also involved in europa league action this week and held dynamo kiev to a 1-1 draw in the opening leg in ukraine . napoli will be looking to build on their impressive europa league win against hellas verona on monday . sampdoria , who host third-bottom cesena on saturday , are unbeaten at their luigi ferraris stadium this season . inter milan and ac milan clash at the san siro on sunday night . ac milan are ninth in the standings , one place an one point clear of inter and seven points adrift of the europa league qualifying places . torino have clinched seven points of a possible nine in their last three games to remain in contention for european football next season . the granata are in eighth place and play at sassuolo on sunday . a win over genoa on sunday would be enough for palermo to defend their serie a status . the sicilian club have collected 38 points so far to move 16 points clear of the drop zone . udinese , without a victory since march 8 and in the midst of a five-match winless streak , travel to verona to face chievo . both inter and ac milan are struggling for form ahead of this weekend 's derby match . 