it is legendary now that when the spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years , la roja 's own fans did n't even know the water was hot . because they left spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins , over peru and the usa , the booing , whistling and jeering which had pursued them around the peninsula for two years was the last thing they heard before heading off to win euro 2008 . three trophies later , the senior team is finally in search of a reboot . the identity has been eroded by the passage of time . the transition from excellent to elderly is never fun . spain lift the trophy at euro 2008 , but their fans had booed them before , not recognising a great team . the world cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters . spain won the european championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their world cup failure . spain 's under 21s celebrate winning euro 2013 and their brilliant young players are thriving right now . nevertheless , the current champions league quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about spain 's ' relevo ' . if you do n't speak spanish , that term might mean very little to you . but i bet you can intuit . ' relevo ' in this context is like ' relief ' — as in the armed forces term for the relief watch . those who are sent in , fresh and ready , to relieve whichever servicemen or women who have born the brunt of service for the previous day or days . xavi , carles puyol , xabi alonso , carlos marchena and joan capdevila have done their hard miles and it is not clear what toll battle has taken on victor valdes , david villa and fernando torres . the natural place to look for fresh , young , well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the academy graduates . so let 's go there . what caught my attention is that juan bernat 's arrival to the champions league quarter-final for bayern munich at porto last wednesday earned valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the full back 's move to bavaria . in other words , bernat was one of those guys , just turned 22 , that both valencia and bayern thought might be playing ' starting ' football at this elite stage of the world 's most demanding soccer tournament — but , equally , he might not . the likes of xavi ( right ) , barcelona 's midfield metronome , have done their hard miles and can now hand over . it is not clear what toll battle has taken on striker fernando torres , who now plays for atletico madrid . this is the season when he 's broken into vicente del bosque 's senior team , scoring , and formed part of a quite remarkable chain of left backs at the mestalla — from jordi alba , european champion with spain in 2012 , now at barcelona , through bernat to jose luis gaya , a remarkable talent who is currently locked in stalled contract talks at valencia while madrid stalk his availability . and if you just look a little more closely then the eight teams left to sort the wheat from the chaff this week show evidence that , beyond bernat , spain still have a golden harvest to bring in . for example , take a snapshot of the penultimate trophy spain won — not euro 2012 but under 21 euro 2013 , beating italy 4-2 . in that final they lined up : david de gea ; martin montoya , inigo martinez , marc bartra , alberto moreno ; koke , thiago , asier illarramendi ; cristian tello , álvaro morata , isco . juan bernat ( right ) played in the champions league and is the latest in a string of thriving spaniards . david de gea ( right ) has been in fine form for manchester united and is a real goalkeeping talent for spain . of spain u21 's starting line-up at the 2013 euros , only de gea has n't played uefa football this season . of that starting line-up only de gea has n't played uefa football this season , eight of them are still in the champions league quarter-finals while two of the substitutes , nacho and dani carvajal have decent minutes in the competition . throw in the fact that spain 's winning under 21s coach was julen lopetegui , 3-1 up on pep guardiola 's bayern going into the second leg this week , and the progression from youth-level international football to full-fledged senior winner is going along very nicely . the eight starters and two substitutes from that 4-2 win are all now in the age range of 23 to just having turned 25 . between them they have 184 appearances in uefa club matches — the vast majority of which are in the champions league . koke has played in the final , isco , morata , carvajal , nacho and illarramendi have won it , while bartra and thiago have played in a winning campaign . and it is important to throw in the fact that in last week 's quarters , 20-year-old oliver torres ( 13 uefa club matches ) stood out against bayern for porto ( he belongs to atlético ) , while on the bench for the madrid derby were fellow 20-year-olds jese and saul nguez , who have 18 uefa appearances between them . spanish fans did n't quite know the great team they were getting in 2008 , they could have another one now . alvaro morata ( right ) celebrates with team-mates after scoring against germany at euro 2013 in israel . whether they flower for club and country or bloom early but fail to excel like recent spanish generations have proven to do , the fact remains that there is a wave of fresh , exciting spanish talents who demand attention now . this week in fact . lopetegui , whose result probably constitutes one of the performances of the season , has a firm view . ' i do n't think there 's strictly a `` spanish school '' of coaching or playing , ' he argued earlier this season . ' there 's just `` training '' and `` playing '' . so what i ' ve always looked for are kids who know how to understand the game . i think it 's a common misconception that players completely understand football and how it 's played . former under 21 coach julen lopetegui has managed porto to one of the results of the season in midweek . ' understanding precisely what 's going on in a game is not at all easy . ' the key is knowing what to do with the ball so that you do n't lose possession and get caught disorganised . never gift away space to an opponent . ' when you control the ball and space on the pitch , then you must know how to take advantage . but the line is thin , you want to make the players effective and efficient but never to kill off their creativity and capacity for invention . ' 