a remarkable farming couple have devoted their lives to adopting disabled orphans - taking in more than 40 children over the last 26 years . tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural shanxi province , central china . but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years , and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations by kind-hearted people , according to the people 's daily online . big family : tianwen chen and his wife gairen guo have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years . nine of the children can be seen here , enjoying a family meal together . working hard : the chens can now afford to send their children to school , but it has n't always been this way . the couple , who live outside of yuanping city , found their first child - a baby girl - on the side of the road one day in 1989 and carried her home , despite not having much to live on themselves . tianwen said he immediately felt an emotional connection with the child : ' this baby girl was in a cardboard box . she was so tiny and skinny . both of her legs were weird and you could tell at first glance that she was disabled . ' ' when i saw this baby girl , i felt like i had been through the same things . ’ difficult life : all of the children were disabled and many had been abandoned by their biological parents . devoted : tianwen says he was desperate to help and began to take more and more children into their home . ever-growing : the couple said that even the local authorities began sending children to their home . he suffers from a genetic eye condition , and says that this made him desperately want to help disabled children . eventually , nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse . the couple themselves had barely any space to lie down . they would take it in turn to wake up three or four times every night to feed the babies and change their nappies . the couple did not even have a washing machine , and gairen was forced her laundry in icy water that was often -20 degrees celsius . even the local authorities began to send disabled children to the chens , but unfortunately the government subsidy for foster parents only covered the cost of milk powder . the couple gradually used up all their savings , making them fear for the future of their children . caring : tianwen , feeding one of the babies above , found a baby girl in a box on the side of the road . grief : sadly nine of the children died . the parents still visit their tombs to carry out religious rituals . the children needed constant medical treatment , which became extremely expensive . the couple went with various children to the doctor twice a week and every day during flu season . the healthiest child had a cleft lip and palate . sadly , nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families . none of their neighbours were willing to help and it became too much for the eldest son - who decided to get up and leave . but a short online film telling the story of the chens has changed their lives forever . the documentary called ' fading flowers’ gained a huge amount of support and nearly £14,000 was raised to buy the family a new 500 square metre home . the children have also been able to receive proper medical treatment , and five of them have had their disabilities corrected . today , the couple have 12 children living with them - the eldest is 16 , and the youngest is 6 . gairen said it 's all been worth it : ' as long as we live , we will care for the children . ’ happier times : 12 children still live with the couple and can now receive proper treatment due to generous donations from the public . new home : a short film telling the family 's story received tremendous support online , raising £14,000 . good education : the couple still hope to send the children to school in the city .