prostate cancer resistant to conventional treatment could be all but wiped out by a therapy that boosts the immune system , claim researchers . tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . the us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin , which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large , aggressive tumours . tests of new drug oxaliplatin , carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs , achieved almost complete remission in mice . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease . the problem is partly caused by immune system ‘b-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers . in their study , the researchers found a way of blocking the development or function of these b-cells , or removed them entirely before using oxaliplatin . the prostate tumours were ‘ almost completely destroyed’ by the mice’s own immune cells , the team said . lead scientist shabnam shalapour , of the university of california at san diego , said : ‘ the presence of such b-cells in human prostate cancer calls for clinical testing of this novel therapeutic approach . ’ because of the effect of the immune system , advanced and aggressive prostate cancer does not typically respond to chemotherapy , researchers said . b-cells also undermine the effectiveness of promising new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors which ‘unmask’ cancer cells allowing them to be recognised by the immune system . prostate cancer cells . there are currently few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer that has started to spread . but researchers also managed to get a checkpoint inhibitor – combined with chemotherapy – to work after wiping out the b-cells in one test . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease . while early treatment is often highly successful , there are few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer that has started to spread . b-cells play a number of vital immune system roles , including the production of antibodies . they can also tell the immune system to slow down when it is getting overheated , but this can be counter-productive in cancer treatment . professor michael karin , study co-author and also from the university of california at san diego , said there might be implications for the treatment of other types of cancer . the william pereira designed geisel library at the university of california san diego . researchers there have made this new prostate cancer breakthrough . ‘ similar immunosuppressive b-cells can be detected in other human cancers , ’ he added . ‘ this indicates that b-cell-mediated immunosuppression might be the reason several other cancers are also unresponsive to checkpoint inhibitors , raising the hope that chemoimmunotherapy will have broader applications for many cancer types . ’ symptoms of prostate cancer include the need to urinate more frequently , especially at night , painful ejaculation and blood in the urine or semen . men may also have pain or stiffness in the lower back , hips or thighs . however , not all men with the disease will have symptoms and often the cancer is spotted only in a routine check-up . early diagnosis is crucial – up to 98 per cent of men who are diagnosed when the cancer is still contained within the gland will live for more than five years . that drops to just 30 per cent if the cancer has spread .