sexting is ' not advised for politicians ' , says ed miliband - and ' risky if you are young , dodgy if you are older ' in the words of deputy prime minister nick clegg . both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine cosmopolitan 's website . green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ' ok for other adults but not for me ' . and education secretary nicky morgan answered : ' a bit too risky , thank you very much ! ' the verdict : politicians should not sext , says ed miliband ( right ) and deputy prime minister nick clegg ( left ) says it is ' risky ' for youngsters and ' dodgy ' if you are older . their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press - including those sent by former mp brooks newmark and tory official iain corby . the quiz , which was answered by hand , included a question on the worst thing about politics , which mr miliband said was prime minister 's questions - ' a bad advert for all of us ' . ms bennett ticked ' not being able to make the changes you want to ' , while ms morgan opted for people thinking she is boring . mr clegg wrote : ' sitting through 30 minutes of cameron and miliband yelling persistently at each other every wednesday ! ' the four were also asked about what they would be if not politicians . green party leader natalie bennett responded that sexting is ' ok for other adults but not for me ' . mr clegg said a wildlife film-maker , while the labour leader wrote : ' trying to change the world somehow . ' ms bennett said she would be an author and ms morgan a solicitor . asked to describe their favourite hangover cure , mr miliband said : ' drinking lots of water but it 's been a long time since i had one ... ' mr clegg said : ' three young boys running around usually does the trick . ' ms morgan chose a bacon sandwich , while ms bennett responded : 'home-baked gluten-free bread with butter and honey . ' in another question , the politicians had to reveal the most hurtful thing they had read about themselves . the labour leader offered : ' where do i start ? ! ' and ms bennett said a claim that she was trying to be cool , something she says she gave up at the age of 16 . the deputy prime minister replied : ' not hurtful , just absurd - that i have a personal chef ! of course i do n't . ' ms morgan said it was generally people making assumptions about her motives when they have never met her . another question asked what would be worse than joining the opposition . mr clegg said joining ukip , while ms morgan said she would rather join the opposition than do a bungee jump . ms bennett and mr miliband responded ' none of the above ' and ' no way ' respectively . it 's not difficult to see why the leaders believe politicians should steer clear of sexting as they have plenty of cautionary tales to learn from . tory mp brooks newmark is standing down in may 's election after becoming embroiled in a humiliating sexting scandal last year . it was revealed the conservative member bombarded a single mother with up to 40 naked pictures and told her ' i am desperate for sex with you ' . the father-of-five was forced to issue a grovelling apology after being caught texting explicit photographs of himself for a second time . he had already left his post as minister for civil society after he was exposed as having exchanged photographs with a male journalist posing as a glamorous young tory pr woman . tory mp brooks newmark is standing down this year after becoming embroiled in two sexting scandals . in april last year , details of salacious messages sent by top tory official iain corby on a gay dating service were revealed . these referred to a sex party for tory researchers at the party’s annual conference in manchester , funded by conservative mps’ expenses . the mail on sunday revealed that the exchanges involved mr corby and were one of the reasons he suddenly quit as head of the westminster-based parliamentary resources unit ( pru ) , which is paid for by mps via taxpayer-funded expenses . disgraced co-op boss paul flowers was suspended from his position after he was filmed buying hard drugs including crystal meth and crack cocaine . the mail on sunday revealed exchanges involving tory official iain corby on gay dating service grindr . the former labour councillor was further shamed when a teenage rent boy revealed sexually explicit text messages exchanged between them - and revealed he had been asked to accompany flowers to the summer party of labour peer baroness thornton . and sexting has also caused problems for politicians across the pond . american politician anthony weiner , a former representative of the united states house of representatives , is better known for his two sexting scandals . the first , in 2011 , led to his resignation as a congressman after he sent an intimate picture to a woman over twitter . and then as he attempted to make a return to politics by running for mayor of new york in 2013 , he was forced to admit to sexting three women after pictures were published . 