two delaware boys are in a coma and their father remains unable to move or talk two weeks after the family became sick from possible pesticide exposure during a vacation on the us virgin islands , officials say . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . james maron , the family 's lawyer , said the boys were in ' rough shape ' . ' the family are all fighters , ' he told wpbf news . ' they 're fighting for everything right now . i understand it 's a long recovery . ' maron said esmond , who is an administrator of the private tatnall school in wilmington , is conscious but unable to move . devine , a dentist , was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy . the tatnall school , where sean was a star lacrosse player , posted on their facebook page that they had the middle school students write get wall cards for esmond and his family . ' the entire tatnall community continues to direct its supportive energy toward the esmonds and asks that everyone keep the family in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time . ' tuition at the tatnall school can range from $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 a year . sean , 16 , ( pictured ) and his 14-year-old brother ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized . on friday a spokesman from the us environmental protection agency said that the family may have fallen ill because of the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa . elias rodriguez said preliminary tests showed there was ' a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying ' . methyl bromide , which is odorless , can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system , according to the epa . it is acutely toxic , and only permitted to be used outdoors by certified professionals in the us . rodriguez said the investigation is ' ongoing ' and the agency is still on the island for testing . the family was staying at the $ 875-a-night sirenusa condominium resort on st. john in the us virgin islands . ' we have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling , ' he said . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa condominium resort , said the unit where the family was staying was not treated with a pesticide , but rather the unit immediately below their suite . maron said when paramedics arrived at the villa esmond was found unconscious . his sons and wife were having seizures . the us department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter . on friday the us environmental protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was ' a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying ' .