british banker rurik jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in hong kong on thursday accused of the murder of two young indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment . wearing the same black t-shirt and dark-rimmed glasses as in previous hearings , jutting , 30 , returned to magistrates ' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in november following psychiatric tests . the former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges . british banker rurik jutting ( l ) , charged with grisly murders of two women , sits in a prison van as he arrives at the eastern court in hong kong , on april 2 . jutting is accused of the murders of two indonesian women . his case has been adjourned for five weeks . but the case was adjourned until may 8 after the prosecution asked for more time . one-time securities trader jutting , who has not yet entered a plea in the case , was attentive but looked tired . he spoke twice to say : ' i do ' when asked whether he understood the two charges against him . seneng mujiasih and sumarti ningsih , both in their 20s , were found dead in jutting 's upmarket flat in the early hours of november 1 after he called police . mujiasih was found in the living room , naked and with knife wounds to her legs and buttocks . the decaying body of ningsih was found hours later in a suitcase on the balcony . high-flying cambridge graduate jutting is being held at hong kong 's maximum security siu lam psychiatric prison -- a walled hilltop compound on the outskirts of hong kong . defence counsel tim parker accused the prosecution of `` yo-yo-ing '' for initially saying that they would need until july to present a case , then coming back to court , only to delay once more . ' it was an unnecessary waste of cost ... my client was forced to come here , ' said parker , who added that the prosecution had sent the defence its committal papers - the case documents - too late . magistrate jason wan turned down an application for costs , saying that it was ' not unusual ' for a complex case to take time . once all the evidence is submitted , after being reviewed by both sides , the magistrate will commit the case to the high court , which handles murder cases and where an official plea must be entered . in a city generally regarded as safe by residents and known for its high-end shops and glitzy skyscrapers , the killings were unusually brutal and shone a spotlight on the seedy underbelly of the finance hub . police have said they were investigating whether the two women were sex workers after cocaine and sex toys were found in the apartment , just a few streets away from hong kong 's red-light district , where jutting was reportedly a regular . but their distraught parents told afp they believed their children had been working at restaurants . mujiasih had entered the city on a domestic worker visa in 2010 , but that had lapsed in 2012 , while ningsih came in on a tourist visa in october last year .