a barrister and oxford university graduate who spent more than two years avoiding paying for his train ticket could be the biggest fare-dodger to be prosecuted , a court heard . peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to chiltern railways over a two-and-a-half year period . he travelled from his oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london . peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to chiltern railways over two-and-a-half years . barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year . the australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares , claiming the amount should be based on the cost of a weekly ticket , and take into account annual leave . but prosecutor malachy pakenham told westminster magistrates ' court : ' if it is accepted that the loss was £23,000 , this defendant would be convicted of the biggest rail evasion case that has come to the court in the united kingdom . ' the crown have reached that figure by a number of rail staff calculating it . ' the train company are experts , not me or my friend and they have calculated it on a basis that if someone commits a fraud like this defendant has committed , you are not allowed to calculate it on the basis of a weekly ticket , you calculate it on a full single fare , of the return for the day , each and every day this defendant travelled over the period without a full price rail ticket ' . barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year . barnett claimed to have travelled from wembley , in north west london , instead of thame , oxfordshire . the scam began to unravel for barnett when he was stopped by a ticket inspector at marylebone last november . the rhodes scholar claimed to have travelled from wembley , instead of thame , oxfordshire , where he and his wife live in a £550,000 five-bedroom detached home . barnett was sent to the excess fares window but another member of staff became suspicious and decided to contact his supervisor . when he turned his back barnett ran away , but was apparently overcome with guilt and confessed the next day . an investigation was carried out by british transport police , which found the lawyer had dodged fares since april 2012 . the lawyer was cautioned for an identical offence in 2010 but continued to break the law , despite his prestigious reputation as the founder of an african children 's charity and director of leading think-tank , the legatum institute foundation , aimed at ' promoting prosperity ' . a court heard how the barrister got off at london marylebone ( pictured ) by tapping out with an oyster card . it is understood he did so by boarding a train at haddenham and thame parkway without a ticket , and then getting off at marylebone by simply tapping out with an oyster card . because there was no start point to his journey , the automated system charged him the maximum transport for london fare , which is currently £7.60 . but this is still far less than the £19.80 price of a single peak time journey from his home . the case was adjourned until july 27 so a hearing can be held to determine the loss caused to chiltern railways . barnett was released on unconditional bail . the deception places him among the ranks of britain 's biggest fare dodgers , closely behind a former millionaire fund manager . jonathan burrows was banned from working in the city last year after avoiding £43,000 in train fares from his home in stonegate , east sussex . burrows had hoped to keep his name out of the public eye and avoid prosecution by quickly reimbursing southeastern trains the full amount in unpaid tickets , accrued over five years , within three days of being caught .  