dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews surfaced for the first time after her nhl star boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel , allegedly with cocaine and molly tucked into his swim trunks . stoll , 32 , who currently plays with the los angeles kings , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond friday . tmz reports the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a ' pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 'gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of molly . scroll down for video . spotted : andrews , who co-hosts dancing with the stars and works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports , was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with stoll the day after he was arrested . ' molly ' is the name given to the powder or crystallized form of mdma , the drug compound also found in ecstasy . after being patted down , stoll was asked whether the powder in the pink baggie was cocaine and answered yes , according to the police report . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california during the offseason , with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . jarret stoll , 32 ( left ) , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 ( right ) . busted : erin andrews 's beau jarret stoll , 32 , was booked into jail in las vegas on possession charges after reportedly being found with cocaine and molly in his swim trunks at a popular hotel . he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand ( above ) . stoll ( seen partying at the mgm grand in 2014 after the kings stanley cup win ) was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges , according to many reports . stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular hbo show entourage , was booked into the clark county detention center and was listed as having a hearing on saturday . the charges include possession of class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . friday was the two-year anniversary of mgm grand 's popular club hakkasan , an event featuring tiesto that brought out names like christina aguilera . in both 2012 and 2014 stoll headed to the mgm grand to celebrate at the end of the hockey season . it seems that stoll went on a date with andrews on thursday night , as she posted a photo of a romantic-looking candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page , and a fan snapped a photo with stoll earlier in the day . the caption , which did not mention stoll by name , read : ' always a great date night . ' the popular television personality recently spoke about her boyfriend while participating in the grub street diet , a weekly feature in which celebrities keep a diary of what they eat for the week . andrews posted a photo of a candle that was seemingly taken at italian restaurant la sosta enoteca in manhattan beach , california , on her instagram page on thursday . that location is four hours from vegas . a fan snapped this photo with stoll on thursday in california . stoll had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings ' stanley cup championship teams in 2012 and 2014 . he will become an unrestricted free agent on july 1 . the kings failed to qualify for postseason play after winning the stanley cup last year and in 2012 . the team said : ' we are aware of police reports out of clark county , nevada regarding jarret stoll . ' our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . ' while we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . ' veteran had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the kings ' recent stanley cup teams . andrews , 36 , sparked engagement rumors after she posted an instagram of her wearing a very large , square-cut diamond ring last month . fans thought the picture meant stoll had proposed , but andrews said the ring was on loan . ' i 've definitely dropped hints here and there , ' the fox broadcaster shared with abc news in july . ' but we have n't looked at rings ... nothing there yet , the ball 's in his court . ' she added : ' but no we are fine ! we 've had enough on our plate for the last two years of dating and have n't really gone there yet . ' he was previously engaged to actress and model rachel hunter , the former wife of singer rod stewart . stoll broke off their engagement just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married .