johanna basford , 32 , has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 in one month . a colouring book has become a sell-out success thanks to an unusual twist – it is designed for adults . since british artist johanna basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 , called secret garden , it has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books . now , the 32-year-old’s second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release . some 226,000 copies were scooped up last month and the publishers have now printed another 250,000 . enchanted forest reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at the start of april , while the two books took first and second place on amazon’s bestsellers list for the us . mother-of-one miss basford , from aberdeen , said she has been contacted by people from all walks of life who enjoy her ‘stress-relieving’ books , from artists to investment bankers . she said colouring books were no longer viewed as ‘childish’ and instead allowed everyone to express their creative side . she added : ‘ i think it has been a bit of an underground movement for a long time . ‘ people have always loved colouring because it is a very accessible way of unleashing your creative side . but i think it was seen as childish . by creating adult books , with more intricate designs , it makes it more socially acceptable . ' it is a book of artwork geared towards an adult audience . ’ the artist , who is married to james watt – the owner of craft beer company brewdog – said adults had been enjoying children’s colouring books for years but had been sheepish about admitting it . miss basford said she had been stunned by the response to her books , which will soon have sold close to 2million copies and been translated into 14 languages . she previously did commercial work designing packaging and perfume bottles , but now focuses almost full-time on her colouring books . she said : ‘ it started as a selfish pursuit to create a book that i loved . i didn’t do any market research . ‘ we initially printed 13,000 copies and i honestly thought my mum was going to have buy a lot of books just to save face . ’ enchanted forest , the mother-of-one 's second release , reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at the start of april , while the two books took first and second place on amazon’s bestsellers list for the us . the designer studied textiles at duncan of jordanstone college of art and design in dundee , but focused on drawing after graduating . several years later , she came up with the idea of a whimsical colouring book for adults after her clients said her black and white designs would be perfect for colouring . it took her nine months to design her first book , which she juggled in between commercial assignments for companies such as absolut vodka , sony and nike . she said she now receives thousands of pictures from fans who want to show off their colouring in , adding : ‘ it is a really inclusive activity . ‘ i have heard from artists who can no longer do their original discipline for health reasons but still want to be creative , and from people recuperating from an illness who find it therapeutic . ‘ it is stress-relieving . people using the books include investment bankers , academics and lots of people in finance . colouring lets you lose yourself in your own bubble . ’