a high school student in china has spent three years literally shouldering the responsibility of ensuring that his physically disabled best friend gets to all his classes . 18-year-old xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou , a large city in the northern province of jiangsu , in china . zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . 18-year-old xie xu ( left ) carries 19-year-old classmate zhang chi ( right ) to school each day . xie , who stands at 1.73 meters tall and weighs 75 kilos , decided to carry his friend around the school 's campus to make sure he was able to attend all of his classes . ' the story of the two students is so inspiring and touching . they are n't family , but [ xie ] has been doing this for three years , ' guo chunxi , the vice-principal of daxu high school told a local media outlet . the teenagers live in dorms close by to the school , and each day xie carries zhang from their rooms to the school , and back again , and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes . every now and then , zhang is helped by xie to the cafeteria for his breakfast . zhang ( in blue jacket ) suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . each day xie ( in black jacket ) carries zhang from their rooms to the school , and back again . both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class at their high school . xie said that he carries his friend back and forth between classes , around the school , and their dorm about a dozen times each day . both young men are hard-working students and are at the top of their class , and are looking forward to their future studying in tertiary education . ' he 's the most beautiful student . he also exerts positive influence on other students , who readily help zhang . with their assistance , zhang has never missed out on one single class , ' the vice-principal said . xie helps zhang with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes , and occassionally helpes him to the cafeteria for his breakfast .