gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock’s permanent manager on friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season . an announcement will be made by the rugby park club on friday morning , with the former hearts boss being given a three-year deal . and on thursday the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february . kilmarnock will confirm gary locke as the club 's new permanent manager on friday . ‘i’d be over the moon to get it as it’s something i’ve worked hard towards , ’ said locke while negotiations were being finalised at the ayrshire club . ‘ i had a taste of it ( management ) at hearts and really enjoyed it . i’m fortunate i was put into this position at a great club . it’s a fantastic opportunity . ‘ but i’ve said all along , it’s not about me . it’s about players . if they perform , you get a better reputation as a manager and that has been the case here with a great response from them . ‘that’s how football works . if they play well , your stock rises . equally , if they don’t play well , it’s the manager who gets the stick . ‘i’ve got broad shoulders and i know what to expect but i can’t praise the players highly enough . they have worked so hard and they have taken on board everything i have tried to tell them . ’ ex-killie and hearts player locke , who was crestfallen not to be retained by the tynecastle club as head coach after they were relegated last season , added : ‘ ( coaches ) alan robertson and billy thomson have done a fantastic job in helping me , too . ‘ you can’t do all of these things by yourself and backroom staff can be as important as the players . i can’t thank all of these people enough . ’ locke , who returned to rugby park last summer , had been working as no 2 under johnston when the manager announced in february that he would be leaving the club at the end of the season , indicating that the £150,000 sale of teenage forward robbie muirhead to dundee united had been a factor in his decision . after johnston was immediately relieved of his duties by the club hierarchy , assistant locke was put in charge and was initially regarded as a stop-gap appointment . but he quickly won over the players and a team that had previously been struggling in the league went unbeaten in their first six games under his stewardship . they only suffered their first reverse under locke when ross county beat them 2-1 in dingwall two weeks ago . kilmarnock went unbeaten during locke 's first six games in charge of the club . he has impressed mann not only with results but with the way he has conducted himself during his two months at the helm . kilmarnock are currently eighth in the premiership and still remain in the hunt for a top-six place . it was expected that locke would have been appointed permanently before now , but he dismissed reports that talks had stalled due to a clause that would see him sacked if the club failed to achieve a top-six finish this season . ‘ when you are dealing with contracts , they take a bit of time and i certainly don’t foresee any problems , ’ he said . ‘ there hasn’t really been a hold-up . as any player or manager will tell you , when it comes to the terms of a contract , it doesn’t just happen overnight . there are a lot of things to discuss and i have done that . ‘ i will keep all that private because that is the way it should be and the club have dealt with it brilliantly . ‘i’ve no complaints there , so i hope it will be sorted before saturday and i can concentrate on our home game against motherwell . ‘ our new board of directors have been fantastic . i’ve been really impressed with the way that they have handled everything . the club itself is trying to be as positive as possible . ‘ there are a lot of plans in place to make the club even better than it is right now , so there are loads of positives and i would like to be part of that . ’ having resolved his own situation , locke will next week turn his attention to the futures of nine first-team players at kilmarnock — manuel pascali , alexei eremenko , craig slater , craig samson , sammy clingan , greg kiltie , conor brennan , chris chantler and mark o’hara — who will become free agents this summer . ‘i’ve said for a number of weeks now that once my own position was sorted out , there are a few players out of contract and they will want to know what their futures are , ’ he said . ‘ so it will be great to get moving on all of that and prepare for next season . ‘ you can’t do that until you are the main man . ’