manager arsene wenger is convinced something is finally happening at arsenal again - and everyone can ' smell ' it . the gunners romped to a 4-1 win over liverpool at the emirates stadium in saturday 's lunchtime kick-off , which was a seventh successive barclays premier league victory and moved them up into second place . while manchester city could reclaim second by beating crystal palace on monday and the title looks out of reach as chelsea remain seven points ahead with a match in hand , there is no doubt when wenger has all of his squad available arsenal are capable of giving anyone a run for their money . right back hector bellerin gave arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling into the corner to get things going at the emirates stadium . bellerin broke the emirates deadlock for arsenal , cutting in from his native right-hand side and curling a left-foot strike into the corner . although there was disappointment at failure to progress in europe following elimination by monaco , the prospect of an improved league finish and successful fa cup defence remains very much on the agenda . wenger , who was often criticised over the direction of his team following almost a decade without a trophy , feels finally things are starting to come together . ' we have a good mentality and good cohesion in the team , ' he said . ' there is something happening , that shows you that they are ready to fight for each other . mesut ozil is congratulated by his team-mates after his magnificent free-kick on the half hour mark put arsenal fully in control of the game . ' you can see that , you ca n't cheat on that , people smell that . ' it of course is a good basis , and defensively we are getting better . ' following a poor start to the campaign , arsenal were expected to struggle to sustain a place in the top four . wenger , though , will not get complacent . ' i am old enough to know that things are never as comfortable as they look , but what is true is that it 's in our hands . how well we deal with the situation now will be important , ' he said . alexis sanchez celebrates with olivier giroud after his stunning strike from just outside the penalty area made it 3-0 to arsenal in the first half . wenger has his sights set on getting as close to chelsea as possible , with the leaders set to come to the emirates stadium on april 26 . ' i am a competitor and what that means is you have to go as high and as far as you can . when you go home if somebody was better than us , then ' well done ' , but we have to have given our best until the end and that is what i would like to do , ' he said . ' let 's give everything to do it and see what happens . but olivier giroud ended any hopes of a liverpool comeback by smashing in a fantastic fourth for arsenal in stoppage time . ' we are in a good position , with four games at home and only three away . ' we are on a good run , so i would say that it will be down to how we can maintain that focus and level of urgency between now and the end of the season . ' after failing to make the most of their positive start on saturday , arsenal had to soak up some pressure from liverpool , with raheem sterling failing to capitalise when put in on goal . a huge flag is waved as nacho monreal and giroud are among the first team-mates to congratulate the unlikely opening goalscorer . the gunners finally broke the deadlock through the unlikely source of full-back hector bellerin , who slotted home a fine left-foot curling effort on 37 minutes . it proved the catalyst for an onslaught , with mesut ozil 's free-kick and a rocket by alexis sanchez on the stroke of half-time effectively ending the contest . after arsenal 's tempo dropped , liverpool reduced the arrears with a penalty from jordan henderson , but following the dismissal of emre can for a second yellow card , olivier giroud cracked home a late fourth to cap a memorable afternoon 's work . sanchez got in on the goalscoring act just before half-time , finding space outside the box to smash a drive over the head of keeper mignolet . wenger admits he has been impressed by the work-rate of both bellerin and defensive midfielder francis coquelin , who were each drafted into the first-team as cover for injury , but are now an integral part of the side . asked if either man was in his thoughts at the start of the season , wenger said : ' honestly , no . but my job is to remain open-minded and make decisions when you have to . ' ( i picked bellerin against liverpool ) because of his pace . ' i thought ( daniel ) sturridge would play and then sterling would have gone on the flank . francis coquelin challenges daniel sturridge during the barclays premier league match at emirates stadium . ' because of his low centre of gravity , sterling changes direction very quickly and hector is short as well . ' wenger added : ' i think you also have to give credit to players who get less , such as coquelin . ' in the first half he broke up many attacks in a convincing way . ' but honestly i could n't say that in my head ( at the start of the season ) coquelin was one of the first-choice players . '