harold ekeh has a very tough decision to make . the 18-year-old long islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications . but he did n't expect this . harold has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools . it comes a year after another high schooler from long island , kwasi enin , was met with the same news . he chose yale . scroll down for video . whiz kid : meet harold ekeh , the long island senior who has been accepted to every ivy league college . incredible achievement : harold , 18 , insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges . star : the high school senior moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents roseline ( pictured ) and paul ekeh . he says his parents ' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded . ' it was crazy . my mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . i could n't believe it , ' harold told dailymail.com as he recounted the five minutes when acceptance emails came in from yale , harvard , brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , pennsylvania , princeton , johns hopkins , nyu , mit , vanderbilt , and suny stony brook . his celebration ? ' i went to chipotle with my friends for a half steak half chicken burrito bowl . it was perfect . ' born in nigeria , harold and his parents moved to the us when he was eight . he is now a straight a student , with an sat score of 2270 , at elmont memorial high school in long island , new york , where he has served as editor-in-chief of his student newspaper and chief executive of the model united nations . his success , he explains , is down to the submission essay , in which he described his family 's struggle to fit in after emigrating to america . it was the resilience of his parents , former target clerks paul and roseline ekeh , that gave him the drive to achieve the best . his story : harold says his winning essay described the struggle of fitting in after emigrating to america . speaking to dailymail.com , harold admitted he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers ( pictured ) . ' sky is n't the limit ' : harold , pictured aged 13 , three years after arriving in the u.s. , told his brothers ( pictured ) that they will surpass his accomplishments . ' people say the sky is the limit - it wo n't be for them , ' he said . he told dailymail.com : ' it was such a huge thing for my parents to uproot our family , a family of six , from our home to a new country . ' i was worried as a kid about speaking with an american accent , but they had to worried about actually finding jobs . ' they joked that they came over for the 24-hour electricity . but i know it was so we would have opportunities as children . ' no matter how many times they got knocked down , they stayed positive , and kept telling me that the secret to success in unbridled resolve . ' his achievement has been hailed as the american dream , but harold downplays it . ' i just worked hard and took every opportunity that was afforded to me . ' i came over with a very heavy nigerian accent , but i did everything i could to integrate . learning american history was really hard but i was determined to tackle it so i signed up for ap history as a junior . ' with four younger brothers , he has set the bar high . he does n't think that 'll be a problem , however . ' they are going to beat my accomplishments . they were very excited by the news , they look up to me and follow my lead . ' when i got the news , i told them they can achieve anything . i said people say the sky is the limit but they can go even further than that . i know they will . ' ultimately , he plans to be a neurosurgeon to study alzheimer 's , a disease his grandmother suffers from . but insists he wo n't just be studying . ' i 'm torn because each school offers something different , and there are so many different things i 'm looking for , ' he said . ' i want to go to a good school where i can study hard , but i also want somewhere where i feel comfortable ; somewhere i could imagine calling home . ' i also want to meet other students , make friends , travel , and do other activities . ' when people ask me which one , i have said yale so far because i have a connection with yale . i went to yale with the model united nations , and got to see how inspiring and interesting it is there . ' i 'm visiting a few this month and will decide at the end . ' proud parents : paul and roseline ekeh , former target clerks , inspired their son to work hard to achieve . his father , who now works in the nypd 's traffic division , shared the news on facebook with an elated message . his mother , who works for a human resources agency in queens , could not contain her delight . elated , his mother roseline , who now works for a human resources agency in queens , posted on facebook : ' all glory to the most high god ! ! ! ' his father paul ekeh , who works in the nypd 's traffic division , spoke to dailymail.com to describe the moment he found out . ' it was like a thunderbolt , ' he said . ' i did n't doubt that he could achieve good things but it was the sweep that made it so different . i do n't know how to say how i feel . it 's amazing . ' sharing the news of his son 's achievement on facebook , mr ekeh wrote : ' bless the lord ... congrats son , in jesus ' name ! ! ' with three weeks and four days to make a decision , harold said he is keeping an open mind and plans to visit harvard , mit and princeton . harvard only accepts 5.9 per cent of applicants - roughly 2,000 of the 34,000 submissions they receive . take two : last year another long islander , kwasi enin , chose yale after being accepted by all eight ivies . yale accepts 6.3 per cent of the 30,000 students who apply , and columbia only 6.9 per cent of 32,000 . cornell has the highest acceptance rate of the eight ivies - a minuscule 14 per cent of the 43,000 applicants . right now , harold is leaning towards yale . ' i got to see how passionate people are at yale , ' he told abc . ' that skewed me to start leaning towards yale in my junior year . ' last year , another long island high school student , 17-year-old kwasi enin , picked yale after being accepted to every ivy league college . the son of ghanaian immigrants , kwasi had an sat score of 2250 , straight as , and wrote an essay describing his love of music which ' sparked my intellectual curiosity ' .  