all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday . the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far . ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season . spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five-goal haul against granada at the weekend . and going into wednesday 's madrid derby , marca builds up to the match by focusing on ronaldo . leading with the headline : ' captain thunder against rayo , ' the paper states that ronaldo ' arrives unleashed after his exhibition against granada . ' in addition marca adds that ronaldo will be up against rayo striker alberto bueno - the highest scoring spaniard in the league at present with 15 goals . meanwhile in catalonia , mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona 's clash against almeria on wednesday night - and more so the importance of lionel messi . if he plays at the nou camp , it would be the 50th consecutive week that the argentina maestro has done so in the spanish top flight - dating back to january 11 , 2014 . barca coach luis enrique says he will make changes against almeria - but mundo adds that if messi is n't spared then it is ' cruel ' on the 27-year-old . meanwhile in italy , the reaction from juventus ' coppa italia semi-final triumph over their bitter rivals fiorentina continues . over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3-0 coppa italia semi-final second leg win over fiorentina . goals from alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci saw juve overturn a 2-1 first leg deficit to win 4-2 on aggregate at the home of the viola . corriere dello sport hails the visitors ' performance with the headline 'tre-mendous juventus ' adding that manager massimiliano allegri produced a tactical masterpiece to seal victory without a number of his regular starters - including star striker carlos tevez . aside from juventus ' win , corriere dello sport and tuttosport both report that paris saint-germain forward edinson cavani is being linked with a move to ac milan . the 28-year-old is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to zlatan ibrahimovic in the french capital , often shunted out wide to get the best out of the swedish striker . and tuttosport adds that the uruguay international has been offered to milan - with the deal currently being ' weighed up . '