the toxic pesticide that poisoned a u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico , the u.s. environmental protection agency said thursday after a federal investigation . officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in puerto rico . epa regional administrator judith enck said the agency and puerto rico 's department of agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied . steve esmond ( left ) and his wife , dr theresa devine ( right ) , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of st. john . the toxic pesticide that poisoned the family has been found in various locations in puerto rico , the u.s. environmental protection agency said thursday . ' the epa is taking this very seriously , ' she said in a phone interview . ' i ca n't tell you how widespread this is ... we 're very early in our investigation . ' sean , 16 , ( pictured ) and his 14-year-old brother ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned by methyl bromide . enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by methyl bromide in puerto rico . the epa banned the chemical for residential use in 1984 , primarily for health concerns . nancy feliciano , agriculture department spokeswoman , said puerto rico officials would comment soon . the chemical sickened a family of four from wilmington , delaware , last month in the u.s. virgin islands . two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the sirenusa condominium resort in cruz bay , st. john . the esmond family was staying in the second floor of a unit whose first floor was sprayed with the pesticide to eradicate an indoor beetle that eats wood , officials have said . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay . they began having seizures and were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition . family attorney and spokesman james maron did not respond to messages for comment . he said in a statement last week that the boys remained in critical condition while their mother had been discharged and their father was recuperating . epa regional administrator judith enck said the agency and puerto rico 's ( pictured ) department of agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied . the u.s. environmental protection agency released information on the illegal use of methyl bromide after conducting a federal investigation . the epa has said a certified applicator working for tennessee-based terminix used the pesticide at the virgin islands resort . sea glass vacations llc , which rents units at sirenusa , terminated its contract with terminix last week . terminix has said it is conducting its own investigation and is cooperating with the epa . the u.s. justice department also is investigating . epa officials said thursday the pesticide used in the virgin islands came from licensed distributors in puerto rico , where inspectors are visiting pesticide applicator companies , including terminix . ' this has been prohibited since the 1980s , ' enck said . ' there should be no confusion . ' methyl bromide , which is odorless , can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system , according to the epa . it is acutely toxic , and only permitted to be used outdoors by certified professionals in the us . the family was staying at the $ 875-a-night sirenusa condominium resort on st. john in the u.s. virgin islands when they fell ill . methyl bromide , which was banned in the 1980s , was sprayed on the first floor of the resort the family was staying in to eradicate an indoor beetle that eats wood , officials have said .