david cameron this morning launched a furious attack on labour mps ' bleating ' about poverty after it emerged more than a million people turned to food banks last year . the prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which ' punished the poor ' . he accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ' some brass neck ' by attacking the tories for failing the poor , adding : ' do n't you dare lecture us on poverty . ' scroll down for video . the prime minister , delivering a major speech on the economy in bedford today , said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which ' punished the poor ' . mr cameron , in a major speech on the economy this morning , said the tories were overhauling the benefit system , increasing the minimum wage and providing more free child care to help parents get to work . he added : ‘ true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance . ’ he said labour had left a system where a single mum , working 15 hours and earning £87 a week , would have actually lost money if she had taken on any more work . mr cameron said families stuck on benefits were not ‘ playing the system’ but were ‘ victims of it’ . he said they were ‘ victims of a welfare trap laid by labour , paid for by hardworking taxpayers’ . the pm added : that destroyed aspiration . it created resentment . and it was never meant to be this way . welfare was meant to be a safety net – not a web from which no-one could escape . ‘ so when i hear labour politicians bleating on about the same old tories , not on the side of working people , i just think : some brass neck . ‘ it was you who trapped the poor on welfare and widened inequality . yes , you ed miliband and ed balls who designed these systems that punished the lowest paid . so don’t you dare lecture us on poverty . ‘ and know this – the true party of working people in britain today is us , the conservative party . ’ mr cameron accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ' some brass neck ' by attacking the tories for failing the poor , adding : ' do n't you dare lecture us on poverty . ' mr cameron promised extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs and said the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment . the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places . ‘ for many second earners , work didn’t pay because the cost of childcare was so high . so we introduced 15 hours of free childcare a week for three- and four-year-olds and disadvantaged two-year-olds . ‘ in the next parliament we will double that for three- and four-year-olds . that’ s right – 30 hours of free childcare a week – worth £5,000 to working families . ‘ that means over 600,000 extra free childcare places available for families every year – nine million extra hours of childcare a week and parents able to work an extra 78 days a year without any childcare costs – all by 2017 . ’ mr cameron also argued ‘ that true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’ . the new free childcare will be available where all parents in the household are working at least eight hours a week at the minimum wage . the new 30 hours entitlement will cost just under £350 million a year .