union barons handed ed miliband more than £1.6million in the first week of the election campaign – treble the donations received by the tories . figures released by the electoral commission revealed that labour received £1.9million in the week to april 5 , with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions . it included a £1million cheque from unite , entrenching labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss len mccluskey . ed miliband received £1.6m from union barons in the first week of the election campaign , figures have revealed . conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign , with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds . critics have accused labour of being bound by its union paymasters after the party unveiled policies including raising corporation tax , introducing a mansion tax , repealing the benefits cap , nationalising the railways and scrapping employment tribunal fees . since mr miliband became party leader , thanks largely to union backing , nearly £7 in every £10 donated to labour has come from the unions – amounting to more than £40million . in the first round of election donations registered , £506,240 was given by unison , while the cwu gave £51,072 . labour received a £1million cheque from unite , entrenching labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss len mccluskey ( pictured ) . the party did attract one large business donation , from property tycoon sir david garrard . the former tax exile , who was involved in the cash-for-honours controversy , gave £250,000 . ukip received only £35,416 in the period but last night its coffers were boosted by a £1million donation from daily express owner richard desmond , who gave £300,000 last year . in the week to april 5 , the conservatives received £501,850 and the lib dems £20,000 . one of the most generous gifts to the tories – £75,000 – came from michael tory , who was in charge of lehman brothers’ uk investment banking division when the bank nearly crashed the west’s economy . sawsan asfari , wife of long-time tory donor and oil executive ayman asfari , gave £20,000 . syrian-born mr asfari , who has given the tories about £400,000 , was made a ‘ business ambassador’ by david cameron last year . home insurance boss richard harpin of homeserve gave £50,000 . his company was fined £30million last year for a mis-selling scandal . hedge fund manager , james diner , who once dated model caprice , gave £25,000 while socialite fitriani hay , who co-owns property development firm jmp group with her racehorse-owning husband james , donated £66,850 . ukip received £25,000 from robin birley , who is also bankrolling tory chief whip michael gove’s re-election campaign . nick clegg’s friend anthony ullmann , boss of polyester yarn company autofil , and joseph zammit-lucia , who describes himself as a ‘ compulsive contrarian’ on his website , each gave £10,000 to the lib dems . tory candidate henry smith said : ‘ the union fatcats have once again lavished the dosh on ed miliband . that’s because they know he’s a weak leader who’ll dance to more than one tune : not only snp leader nicola sturgeon’s , but their’s too . those tunes mean more spending , more borrowing and britain back to bankruptcy . ’ conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign , with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds . david cameron and ed miliband are indulging in fantasy economics , the taxpayers’ alliance claimed . it said both parties were making unrealistic spending pledges to win votes . the think-tank’s jonathan isaby said : ‘it’s clear that nobody is facing up to the true scale of the deficit reduction challenge . ' it is a fantasy to pretend that you can balance britain’s books without significant spending reductions , and politicians must come clean about what they will be . voters deserve real honesty . ’