andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 . nearly a year after north dakota college student andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head , his mother still struggles with how her shy son who liked to bowl and belonged to a club of electricity enthusiasts got mixed up in the dangerous world of illegal drugs . tammy sadek believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana . authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will . still , people who knew sadek are shocked by what happened . ' he was a gentle soul , ' said kristi brandt , principal of valley city high school , from which sadek graduated . investigators have n't concluded whether sadek was slain or killed himself . adding to the mystery , a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed sadek is missing from their family farm near the tiny town of rogers . an autopsy concluded that sadek died of the gunshot wound , and that he had no drugs or alcohol in his system . how his body ended up in the red river has not been explained and no gun was found . an investigative report from two-and-half months ago said the drug task force which recruited sadek acted appropriately . but his death is raising questions about the use of young , low-level drug offenders as confidential informants and if they should they be given more detailed information about the dangers . sadek had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013 . his mother , tammy sadek believes that he signed his death warrant when he began working for the force . the circumstances surrounding the death of sadek , who was a second-year student at the state college of science , still remain unknown . american civil liberties union spokeswoman jennifer cook said informants are doing a dangerous part of law enforcement , without the training . ' the safety risks associated with informant use can far outweigh the benefits , ' she said . sadek was a second-year electrical technician student at the state college of science , a two-year community college in the southeastern north dakota city of wahpeton where about 3,600 students study everything from diesel technology to performing arts . he enjoyed lake activities and golfing in addition to bowling and electrical work while growing up on the family farm . brandt said sadek was never a troublemaker in high school , and was always polite and respectful of authority . she doubted his nature changed much in college . ' sometimes there are changes , but usually it 's more on the level of a maturity change , not necessarily a personality change , ' she said . he wanted an electrical technician master 's degree , but his plans began to go awry in april 2013 when he twice sold marijuana to a confidential informant . both transactions were small - for a total of $ 80 worth of drugs - but they took place on campus , making them serious felonies . in november 2013 , agents with the southeast multi-county agency drug task force searched sadek 's dorm room and said they found a grinder containing marijuana residue . though investigators have not found the weapon or made arrests in sadek 's death , his mother tammy believes he would not have killed himself . the next day , sadek - facing the prospect of drug charges that could land him in prison for 41 years - completed paperwork to become a confidential informant . the attraction of cooperating with authorities is that it offers the chance to keep a felony off the record of a young person , said wahpeton police chief scott thorsteinson . richland county deputy sheriff jason weber , now the interim task force supervisor , wo n't say whether sadek was specifically told of the dangerous nature of the work he would be doing . the document that sadek signed to become a confidential informant did not explicitly state the potential risks . drug investigators need to be more explicit about those dangers , said jim harrington , director of the texas civil rights project . ' you have to really say , `` this is the risk : you 're entering a world that 's dangerous , and you might end up dead , '' ' harrington said . sadek bought drugs three times for the regional task force over the next three months , one short of the four purchases required of him . officials have said that confidential drug informants , who are often young and low-level drug offenders , need to be more educated of the dangers that come with the job . a security camera videotaped sadek leaving his dormitory early on may 1 , 2014 . he was n't seen again . his body was found in the river about two months later . authorities estimate that he had died two days after he disappeared . officials with the north and south dakota state crime bureaus and a cass county sheriff 's detective reviewed the task force 's involvement with sadek and said in their late january report that they ' did not see anything that caused concern . ' ' that 's how drug task forces work all over the world , ' said weber , the task force supervisor . ' you 're always constantly trying to find the bigger person and go to that person 's supplier . ' but tammy sadek believes that even though the probe was billed as independent , members of the law enforcement community ' have each other 's back ' . she has a point , according to john burton , a california attorney and vice president of the national police accountability project . colleges have faced scrutiny for allowing police to use students as confidential informants , while sadek 's mother has questioned whether officers pressured her son . ' it 's just a charade when they do these things , ' burton said of law enforcement agencies investigating one another . u.s. justice department guidelines state that authorities should consider the risk of harm to a potential l informant , but do not say that the person should be informed of the risks . north dakota attorney general 's office spokeswoman liz brocker declined to comment on any policies or procedures that might be in place for drug task forces in the state . los angeles-based loyola law school professor alexandra natapoff said the use of criminal informants ' is almost entirely unregulated ' across the country , though that is beginning to change . the florida legislature in 2009 passed ' rachel 's law , ' requiring police to adopt policies to protect informants , after 23-year-old rachel hoffman was shot to death in 2008 while working as an informant . that law is ' only the beginning of the protections that we need for young , vulnerable informants , ' natapoff said . tammy sadek believes her son was scared into becoming a confidential informant . she 's started a justice for andrew sadek facebook page that has more than 3,200 likes . ' i would like to see ( task forces ) stop using kids , ' she said . ' i know it 's common , but these are just little fish . '