on the day of his arrival at liverpool in june 2012 , brendan rodgers struck an emotive theme , telling stories of afternoons at his grand-father’s house in county antrim spent watching the great liverpool teams of the 1970s and ’80s competing in domestic cup finals . rodgers has , it must be said , always had an understanding of the importance of domestic silverware to the club . on wednesday night at ewood park , he must only hope his modern liverpool side can raise themselves above recent modest levels and take another step towards a wembley final that could yet go some way to rescuing his season . brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four . liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places and will find it hard to recover . steven gerrard ( left ) and mario balotelli look on as rodgers give a talk to his players and staff . blackburn 's record against top-flight opposition . speaking ahead of the replay at blackburn , rodgers would not go so far as to say the fa cup could save this campaign for liverpool . he can not be seen to be writing off his team’s top-four barclays premier league hopes just yet . nevertheless , an fa cup final would be more than useful , for all kinds of reasons . ‘ i don’t want to go down the route of saying that it saves our season , ’ said rodgers . ‘ our objective at the start , though , was to win a trophy . ‘ so i think if we didn’t get in the top four and we didn’t have a trophy this year , we would be disappointed . i think certainly the fa cup would give us a great boost as a team with lots of young players and players coming into the club . ‘that’s the expectancy we want . we want to be able to be challenging every year . ‘ that was the key thing for me , to get the group challenging at the top end of the league and for trophies . the fa cup would mark a good step forward for us . ’ coming towards the final part of a season that saw liverpool start badly , improve markedly and then disappoint once again , the problems facing their manager are familiar . daniel sturridge and luis suarez scored 55 club goals between them last season but this time round the club’s top scorers are raheem sterling and steven gerrard with 10 each . meanwhile at the back , familiar failings re-emerged in the 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday as liverpool defended poorly and were left asking questions — for the first time in a while — of their goalkeeper simon mignolet . liverpool ace kolo toure is expected to start in the absence of the suspended martin skrtel and emre can . summer signing dejan lovren may also be given the chance to impress at ewood park . blackburn vs liverpool predicted line-ups . asked if a defensive repeat would see liverpool lose to a championship side , rodgers said : ‘ i think so , yes . we didn’t defend at arsenal . we didn’t defend the ball well enough , we gave the ball away in poor areas for two of the four goals . ‘ over the last few months we defended really well , we had six clean sheets against good opponents and defended very well away from home . ‘ the minute you come off it and if you come off it against good players you can get punished and that is what happened . ’ worryingly for rodgers , his best two defenders — martin skrtel and emre can — are suspended along with captain gerrard . there remains a genuine desire to reach may’s wembley final in order to let gerrard leave the club in memorable fashion , something that was outlined by midfielder joe allen last week . ‘ there is no getting away from that , ’ said allen . ‘ that is something that drives us . we all feel we owe steven a lot . ’ if it is to happen , liverpool must overcome what should be a stiff challenge from gary bowyer’s team . blackburn did more that frustrate liverpool in the 0-0 draw at anfield exactly a month ago . they could have won and we can expect them to again trouble a defence that may have to feature two of rodgers’ weakest links , kolo toure and dejan lovren . certainly liverpool must lift themselves if they are to prosper . the fact that they have already overcome a similar challenge in round four — winning a replay at bolton — will perhaps encourage them but that was a liverpool team trending upwards in form . currently , there is a sense that the opposite is happening . liverpool will be hoping to replicate their 2001 fa cup triumph by beating arsenal in the final . the obvious beneficiary of all this is the grand old competition itself . with arsenal , aston villa and reading already in the last four , the fa cup is guaranteed to find itself with semi-finalists who desperately want to lift the trophy . deep down , the fa will long for an arsenal-liverpool final . that will evoke some classic memories involving the likes of charlie george and michael owen . rodgers would surely give much for the opportunity to avenge last weekend’s league defeat on such a grand stage . ‘ there is everything still to play for and we can still make it a really successful season , ’ he said . whether those words were spoken in hope or expectation , only he will really know . 