police have discovered a body they believe to be a young indiana woman who was reported missing with her newborn daughter weeks ago in a city 180 miles away from their home . samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from indiana 's department of child services , according to police . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives . police have discovered a body they believe to be indiana woman samantha fleming ( left ) , who was reported missing with her newborn daughter serenity ( right ) weeks ago in a city 180 miles away . in the same home , police found a body doused with bleach , wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin , according to lt. thomas pawlak . police were led to gary after fleming 's cell phone signal was picked up in the city , where the young mother 's wallet was also found . fleming was reported missing by her boyfriend . according to police , fleming left the home they shared with her daughter serenity after the woman who claimed to be from child protective services told the new mother she had to appear at a hearing . police said the woman told fleming the hearing was at lake superior court in hammond , which is 13 miles from the home where the body was discovered . the infant was handed over to police by a woman who is believed to be the alleged kidnapper 's sister , according to the chicago tribune . police have not released the name of the woman . pawlak said the woman had arrived at the house of the alleged kidnapper , who was not there , to pick up items for the baby . the house had a nursery . ' it appears that she had been planning this , ' pawlak said . ' there was everything you would buy for a new baby . a crib , changing table , diaper bag , carrier , new clothes . ' according to police , the alleged kidnapper had asked her sister to care for the baby she was passing off as her own . that is the same story one neighbor of the woman said she was also told . the body was found on friday in the 1900 block of cleveland street in gary , indiana . police found a nursery inside the home and a neighbor said the owner of the house had said she was pregnant with twins . the neighbor told chicago tribune she was friends with the alleged kidnapper , who had told her she was pregnant with twins . the 36-year-old woman then told her neighbor around easter that one of the twins had died after she had given birth , and that the other child was in the hospital with jaundice . when the neighbor eventually saw the woman with the child , she said she found the baby to be 'lighter-skinned ' than she expected . the woman also had a bandage on her hand . the alleged kidnapper asked her neighbor to watch her house because she was going out of town . just days before the woman left , the neighbor said she saw her going back and forth from her house to garage and carrying small plastic grocery bags . the neighbor said she and her friend had been texting regularly since the woman left . but when she texted the alleged kidnapper after she saw police enter her home on friday , the messages stopped . the alleged kidnapper was located at a hospital in texas . police said she is a person of interest but has not yet been arrested . pawlak believes the alleged kidnapper was very familiar with fleming . ' she knew a lot about this mother , ' he said . ' enough to convince her she was with cps . '