the baggage handler who woke up from a nap inside the cargo hold of a flying plane did not realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him . alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft . today , the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags . he told abc news : ' when the bags started moving and i heard the sound of the engine , i had to think fast about what to do for me to get out . ' scroll down for audio and video . can you hear me now ? this is the moment an alaska airlines baggage handler was pulled from the cargo hold after falling asleep . earlier , the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help . safe : this is the baggage handler who fell asleep aboard the alaska airlines flight from seattle to los angeles on monday . in a desperate bid for help , he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off . ' it was nothing but pitch black and a loud noise , ' the man told abc . ' so i was scared , and i did n't know what was going on . ' the employee of airline contractor menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight . on thursday , the trapped baggage handler 's desperate 911 call was released , revealing the man 's panic and terror . ' hello , i 'm trapped in this plane ! ' he tells he operator . the woman ostensibly struggles to grasp what 's happening and asks for an explanation . ' you 're where ? ' the dispatcher asks . ' i 'm inside a plane and i feel like it 's moving in the air , ' he replies . the airport worker then rattles off the number of the flight and begs the dispatcher to call for help . ' can you please , can somebody stop it ? ' he pleads . the man grows increasingly exasperated on the call , telling the woman on the other end of the line that he is not at the airport , but rather inside a flying plane . as he struggles to lay out his situation , the phone begins to cut out and eventually the call gets disconnected . the operator made an attempt to call the man back , but his phone was no longer in service . a passenger on board flight 448 recorded video of the baggage handlder 's knocking that passengers could hear inside the cabin . emergency landing : the pilot turned back to seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming . luckily for the drowsy airport staffer , he had better luck with passengers aboard flight 448 who heard his banging and screams and alerted the crew . ' help ! help ! help ! ' the man screamed , according to one traveler . the airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen . ' at some point the marshal kind of made himself known and started banging back and he yelled really loud and said , ' we 're getting ready to land , hold on to something , '' troi ge , a passenger on board the flight , told nbc news . mr ge , a sound designer from burbank , recorded video aboard the plane in which passengers could hear the banging from the cargo hold . after the plane landed , a ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold . video taken by kiro 7 showed the worker calmly walking out of the cargo hold and putting on a high visibility jacket . he stood talking to airport staff for a few seconds before walking off towards the terminal . ' upon exiting , he told authorities he had fallen asleep , ' the airline said . the worker , an employee of menzies aviation , walked off the plane and appeared well , but was taken to a hospital as a precaution . he was released home after passing a drug test . the worker , who was part of a four-person crew , started his shift at 5am monday morning and was scheduled to finish work at 2.30pm , according to the airline . after the team was done loading all the luggage onto the plane , the leader of the crew noticed that one of his staffers was nowhere to be found . he tried calling and texting him but the man did not respond , leading his supervisor to believe that he had gone home at the end of the shift , reported komo news . the airline says it is investigating the situation . the pilot could hear banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft as they flew from seattle to la . the man appeared to be well as he walked around the runway talking to airport employees . alaska airlines is investigating how the man managed to fall asleep before the la-bound flight took off . passenger marty collins told komo-tv in seattle the flight was surrounded by emergency vehicles when it returned to the airport . she said passengers did not hear the worker banging or making noise . ' nobody on the plane heard anything like that , nobody knew why we were turning around , ' she told the station . ' they just said we were fine and we were n't in any danger . passenger troi ge told the station q13fox that at one point a federal air marshal revealed himself and started banging back . he then yelled to the man in the cargo hold that the plane was about to land and urged him to hold onto something to prevent injury . the flight departed again at 3.52pm and was expected to arrive in los angeles at 6.27pm , about 80 minutes late , according to the airline 's website . 