amazon founder jeff bezos was pictured enjoying a roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the italian capital . bezos , who is worth $ 34.7billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday , happily snapping pictures of the stalls with his amazon phone and a camera . the internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the eternal city . exploring the marketplace : billionaire jeff bezos takes in the ' campo de ' fiori ' in rome on tuesday as he enjoyed a spring break with family . the billionaire founder of amazon was seen snapping away at stalls in the marketplace using both his amazon phone and camera . bezos , who is worth $ 34.7billion , blended in with tourists but was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard around the italian capital . the 51-year-old wandered around the stalls dressed casually in a pair of aviator shades and blue checked shirt with a woman and young boy before buying a few things . campo de ' fiori is one of the most popular tourist spots in rome , selling a diverse array of products from the flowers that the square takes it names after to coffee pots and fake italian soccer shirts . bezos was not accompanied by wife of 22 years , mackenzie . the couple have four children , three sons and a daughter adopted from china . bezos is ranked number 15 on forbes ' billionaires list for his vast wealth but he still suffered a knock in 2014 after dropping down the list when he lost $ 7.5 billion . the roman holiday appeared to be a well-deserved break for bezos whose space company , blue origin , announced earlier this month that it had finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship . blue origin expected to begin flight tests this year . bezos said last week that the partnership between united launch alliance and his company on a new rocket engine was ' incredibly exciting ' . the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles ( 100 km ) above earth . bezos was spotted at the popular tourist spot , campo de ' fiori , in central rome during a spring vacation . jeff bezo has been married to wife mackenzie since 1993 ( the couple are pictured attending the costume institute gala at the metropolitan museum of art on may 7 , 2012 in new york city ) .   