the conservative and labour parties will get a nearly identical number of votes in the general election , a new poll predicts . the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent , according to the daily telegraph survey , leaving either ukip or the liberal democrats as potential kingmakers in a future coalition . the poll puts david cameron and the tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote , with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31.7 per cent . scroll down for video . just ahead : david cameron , pictured at a community hospital in his whitney constituency earlier today , is predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote in next month 's general election . right behind you , david ! ed miliband and labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind the tories . the survey , conducted by the icm wisdom index for the daily telegraph , asked 2,000 britons to predict the share of the votes each party would get in the general election next month . the liberal democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent , slightly ahead of ukip with 12.7 per cent , and ' others ' , including the green party and independent candidates to get 10.3 per cent . the poll also found that more people trust the conservatives to deal with the ' cost of living ' , with 32 per cent supporting david cameron and george osborne with just 27 per cent trusting ed miliband and ed balls . martin boon , director of icm unlimited , said : ' neck and neck is the only way to describe this race to may 7 , with the two main parties perceived to be separated only by a wafer thin fraction of a point , ' martin boon , director of icm unlimited , told the telegraph . good day for nick : the liberal democrats . the latest yougov poll published for the sun on saturday , put labour ahead on 35 percent , with the conservatives on 33 percent . other polls during the week put the conservatives marginally ahead . earlier today , the tories pledged an extra £8billion to the nhs as part of their election campaign . chancellor george osborne said next week 's conservative manifesto would include a promise to meet a £30billion-per-year funding gap , identified by nhs england chief executive simon stevens , by the end of the decade . ' we in the conservative party are in no doubt about our approach : the nhs is something precious , we value it for the security it provides to everyone in our country , and we will always give it the resources it needs , ' osborne wrote in the guardian . the nhs costs about £120 billion pounds a year but its budget has been frozen in real terms for the past five years , an exemption from harsh spending cuts suffered by most other public services since the conservative-led coalition came to power in 2010 vowing to bring down britain 's huge deficit . the conservatives also announced that pensioners aged over 75 will be given the right to same-day access to a physician and that everyone will have access to a doctor at the weekends and in the evenings by 2020 . labour says the tories plan deep cuts to the nhs and called the latest pledge ' fantasy funding ' .