announcing your big vacation on facebook or posting a series of beach-selfies while you 're away can be the highlight of a holiday for some . but sunseekers are being warned that it could also invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away . insurers are increasingly checking people 's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property , and are using it as a reason not to pay out . holidaymakers who announce they are going on a two-week trip or regularly post selfies from the beach on facebook while they are away could find their insurer refusing to pay out if they are burgled . this is because most insurers have a ' reasonable care ' clause , meaning firms do n't have to offer up cash if they can prove people were n't careful enough in protecting their possessions . in the past this was used in cases of burglary where doors or windows were left unlocked or open , but increasingly it is being used against holidaymakers who advertise their vacation online . police forces have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social media to see whether property owners have said they will be away , before striking while nobody is home . according to the sun , families that post pictures of themselves on sun loungers , or announce they are on the first day of a two-week trip could be deemed to be helping criminals . most firms include ' reasonable care ' clause in contracts , meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property , and are now using against people who advertise breaks online . police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will often check social networks in order to establish that people are out of their homes before striking . a spokesman for the financial ombudsman service said : ' it 's possible that your insurance cover could be affected if you explicitly announce your plans on social media . ' you would n't put a poster up on your front lawn saying you 're going on holiday . ' the association of british insurers also warned home owners to ' think carefully about what you put on social media ' .