a nine-year-old boy was whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother – for not knowing the story of pinocchio . photographs of the child , who was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes , have sparked outrage across china after they were shared online . his adoptive mother li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse after teachers at his school in nanjing raised the alarm , says the people’s daily . the nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother , leaving scars over his body . the 50-year-old had adopted the boy after when he was six after was given up by her cousin , who thought she was sending her child to a better life away from the deprived rural area in which they lived . instead , shocking images show the child was covered in injuries – including cuts to his ear where he was hit with a metal rod and bruising on his legs and hands when he was smacked with a water pipe and scars all over his back . the abuse was first discovered by the boy’s school six months ago , but teachers assumed it was a one-off case and did nothing more about it . photographs of the boy 's horrific injuries were shared online as his adoptive mother was arrested for abuse . the 50-year-old woman told the boy 's school she was ' strict ' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits . when his form teacher noticed his injuries were getting worse and the boy was becoming withdrawn and afraid of people , authorities at the school questioned him more . he told them his adoptive mother had carried out the beatings when he did n't know the answers to questions about the children’s book pinocchio , which she had asked him to study as extra-curriculum homework . the school contacted the woman , who admitted she was ‘strict’ with him and said she was only trying to correct his bad habits , and they contacted the nanjing public security bureau . the boy was away with his adoptive father during the chinese qing ming festival when the revelations came to light , and they were brought back to nanjing to protect the child . a statement on bureau’s website confirmed the mother had been arrested and they were investigating the case . the nine-year-old is now temporarily back with his biological parents , and a number of professional psychologists in nanjing have been enlisted to offer the child support .