a kansas city man who graduated from high school in 1977 has been saying thank you to the teachers that left a lasting impression on his life - by sending them sums of money . kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri . over the past few years he has been mailing them a ' gift ' . it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000 . then in 2002 , he sent a $ 10,000 check to his former business teacher . huge gesture : kevin perz , 56 ( right ) , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of mailing them a ' gift ' . he recently sent marilyn mecham ( left ) , his onetime home economics teacher , a check for $ 10,000 . the thank you note : this is the letter kevin perz sent his former teacher , which had a $ 10,000 check attached to it . in it he says he would be ' sad ' if she did n't spend the money on herself . perz ( left ) recently sent marilyn mecham ( right ) , his home economics teacher in 1977 , a check for $ 10,000 . however the person he really wanted to surprise - his home economics teacher - was the hardest to find , because perz only knew her as mrs mecham . perz enlisted the help of the alumni association , who went through decades-old board room minutes . they were then able to uncover the name for perz - marilyn mecham . from there , perz was able to find a phone number for mecham 's son , who he called and asked for her information . perz then called mecham and told her how long it took him to get to that point . ' i was so appreciative to have somebody spend all that time looking for you to tell that you meant so much in their life , ' mecham told abc news . mecham was moved by the call , and took to her facebook profile to urge others to reach out to someone who had impacted their lives . flashback : marilyn mercham ( left ) was in her first year of teaching when she had perz ( right ) as a student at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri , in 1977 . kind : perz said he felt it important to show the people who had impacted his life how grateful to them he is . however that was n't the end of it . two days later she received a handwritten letter from perz , reiterating what he had told on the phone . attached to the letter was a check for $ 10,000 . perz had written he would be ' sad ' if mecham did n't spend it all on herself . ' she called me monday - she said she got it friday and she spent the whole weekend crying , ' perz told abc news . ' everybody in their life can always think back to someone in their life who had an impact , if it 's a teacher or a boy scout leader or anyone . ' great teacher : marilyn mecham was in her first year of teaching when she taught perz in home economics . perz owns a company called dynamic fastener , which sells tools and fasteners to commercial contractors throughout the country . the experience has left a lasting effect on mecham , who was in her first year of teaching when she taught perz . ' gratitude is something in this society today that we just do n't do enough of , ' mecham told abc . ' it 's made me stop and think who do i want to thank , ' she said . ' whatever i did my first year of teaching was quite unremarkable but what kevin has done is really remarkable . '