church of england schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor , a group of vicars has claimed . they say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos . many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos - but a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor . but the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school , which are often high-performing . in an open letter published yesterday , an alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection . they claimed the church was being ‘ turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged’ , and said it presented a ‘slow-burning crisis’ . the comments , made in a letter to the guardian , sparked anger from the church of england , which labelled their arguments ‘doctrinaire’ . the letter’s 20 signatories included christina baron , lay member of the general synod , barry sheerman , huddersfield labour mp since 1979 , and theo hobson , a theologian and religious commentator . the letter’s 20 signatories included christina baron , lay member of the general synod , barry sheerman ( left ) huddersfield labour mp since 1979 , and theo hobson , a theologian and religious commentator ( right ) . simon barrow and jonathan bartley of the christian think-tank ekklesia also signed it , as did reverend richard kirker , founding member of the lesbian and gay christian movement . also on the list were reverend una kroll , a women’s equality campaigner , former teachers’ union president john swallow and oxford professor keith ward . referring to a 2013 survey by the sutton trust , they said 6 per cent of parents with a child at a state-funded school admitted to attending church services in order to get their child into a church school . they said the level of false church attendance rose to 10 per cent among affluent parents in the socio-economic group a . the letter said : ‘ on a superficial level this is in the church’s interest , as attendance figures in many parishes are inflated and the standard of our schools boosted by the admittance of children from more affluent families . ‘ ultimately however the universality of the church is being turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged . we believe this issue presents a slow-burning crisis . ‘ we urge the church to review and then amend its national guidance on pupil admissions , so that schools are guided towards having open admission arrangements . ‘ church of england schools should look outwards , as an expression of the warmth and generosity of its mission to the whole community . ’ yesterday , a church spokesman said : ‘ the arguments set out in the letter are so flawed and inaccurate they need to be placed in special measures . ' the interpretation of the data cited is mistaken and the arguments doctrinaire . ’ rev nigel genders , the church’s chief education officer , said the church’s secondary schools have an average of 10 per cent selection by religious criteria and some have more pupils on free school meals than the national average . he continued : ‘ we run christian schools for everyone , providing an inclusive and effective education , we are not – as the article seems to imply – running schools for middle class christians . ’ simon calvert , of the christian institute , added : ‘there’s a push to try to secularise church schools and it’s a shame that a group of liberal anglicans are playing into that . ’