the £135,000 was spent trapping and moving water voles from the somerset levels ahead of dredging . taxpayers have footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of £2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the somerset levels . the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate , it was revealed today . in january and february 2014 residents on the levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging . more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest january since records began in 1766 . but the environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species . the £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long furry creatures from their bankside burrows on the somerset levels ahead of dredging work . in february , when the scheme was first revealed it was estimated it would cost £24,000 to put the tiny voles into ' winter storage ' . but now the environment agency has admitted that another £86,000 had to be spent on a ' wildlife survey ' . previously the agency had claimed the wildlife survey was not part of the cost of relocating the voles . and when other costs are factored in , the total bill came to £135,000 . scroll down for video . the survey involved setting up traps along the river banks and checking them over a period of several months - the cost of which was not previously disclosed . now some somerset levels residents - while anxious to have rivers dredged to avoid the devastating floods from two winters ago - think the scheme is an unnecessary waste of public money . they say the people who approved the plan are living in kenneth grahame 's book for children , the wind in the willows , featuring ratty - a water vole - mole , badger and mister toad . farmer james winslade believes the voles would have moved themselves elsewhere when the dredgers began work and argues they did not need to be captured and moved 100 miles to a new home . residents abandoned their homes after rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging . more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland ( pictured ) were inundated with quickly rising waters in late 2013 and early 2014 and entire villages were cut off in the wettest january since records began in 1766 . he said dredging often took place across the levels before the environment agency took over , and that in the past it had never appeared to affect the vole population . ' they 're not stupid , they 'll feel the vibration of the dredgers and move - it 's not like they have n't any other habitat to move on to , ' he said . ' the river bank adjoins fields so they can move from the river banks to the fields , and move back once the dredgers have gone . ' money spent on relocating the voles was a small percentage of the £6 millionspent on dredging five miles ( 8 km ) of the rivers tone and parrett , the agency said previously . the ' rescued ' voles spent the winter in an 'over-wintering facility ' before being moved to new riverside homes in hampshire and cornwall . ecology expert graeme skinner said the work required professional , academically-trained people ' who hold relevant licences ' . the environment agency says it has a legal duty to protect water voles ( pictured ) as an endangered species . the levels today , after the flooding - the voles have now been moved to a new home 100 miles away . some somerset levels residents - while anxious to have rivers dredged to avoid the devastating floods ( pictured ) - think the scheme to remove the voles is an unnecessary waste of public money . he said : ' they are undertaking sometimes long , arduous hours in the field to make sure it 's up to the standard that is required nowadays . ' about 130,000 cubic metres of silt was removed from the parrett and tone rivers at burrowbridge after the floods devastated hundreds of homes . an environment agency spokesman said ' we had a legal duty to move the voles , which are critically endangered and protected . ' the over-wintering is necessary to ensure their survival . ' relocating them was an essential piece of work - if we had n't moved this population of voles then it would not have been possible to complete the dredging . ' it is unusual for the agency to undertake a substantial relocation project like this . ' the dredging forms the first phase of the 20-year somerset flood action plan . following the devastation , which took place between december 2013 and march 2014 , 8,000 metres of river was dredged at a cost of £6 million . about 130,000 cubic metres of silt was removed from the parrett and tone rivers at burrowbridge .