a chocolate bunny worth $ 64,000 ( £33,000 ) made headlines this week for being the world 's most expensive easter treat . the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate , contains a staggering 548,000 calories ... and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes ( which account for over $ 48,000 of the price tag ) . unfortunately for australian chocolate lovers the decadent dessert , created by former chef décor of harrods martin chiffers , is located in the united kingdom . so what is available to chocoholics down under this week , for when a regular supermarket easter egg just wo n't cut it ? according to new research conducted by colgate , australian families will consumer 124.3million easter treats this year over the holiday period . scroll down for video . edible artwork : victorian chocolatier xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists including jackson pollock ( left ) and banksy ( right ) using fairtrade chocolate . while cadbury and lindt remain the most popular household chocolate , some retailers are going above and beyond to create something truly spectacular ... and mouth-watering . from eggs turned into masterpieces by renowned artists , to bunnies weighing a whopping three kilograms , chocolate that packs an alcoholic punch , and entirely raw offerings ... we round up the most unusual , extravagant , and eggs-cellent easter treats on sale in australia . victorian chocolatier xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists that look too good to eat . the art series collection features eggs boasting designs by jackson pollock and banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $ 15.95 . the eggs are available at xocolate 's kew east and canterbury stores , and online . punky dessert : pâtissier adriano zumbo is selling dark and white chocolate eggs called ' the chocolate pistols ' in their nsw and victorian stores . pâtissier adriano zumbo , who has stores in several new south wales and victoria locations , is selling punk-inspired eggs for $ 60 each . for those who want to funk up their easter sunday , ' the chocolate pistols ' are make from couverture french chocolate and available in both dark and white chocolate versions in store and online until stocks last . melbourne-based gânache chocolate are once again selling their enormous chocolate eggs , which weigh in around the 2.2kg mark and cost $ 132 . good egg : melbourne-based gânache chocolate are selling a 2.2kg chocolate ganache egg costing $ 132 . for those who think a hollow egg is a waste of potential chocolate-filled space , their 100-piece version is crammed with pralines in every flavour you could think of . the decadent treat ( designed to share ) costs $ 250 . master chocolatier arno backes explained to daily mail australia how a trip around south america inspired his gigantic chocolate masterpiece . ' whilst travelling through south america discovering the regions coffee and chocolate , i found this giant egg mould and thought it would be fantastic to use it to make a distinctive chocolate showpiece sometime . pick'n'mix : not stopping there , gânache 's master chocolatier arno backes also created an egg filled with 100 pralines ( right ) that costs $ 250 . ' for the first easter at ganache i made the showpiece and was surprised by how many customers were asking to buy it . the following easter , we made a couple predominantly as displays and they sold on the easter saturday , so no display for sunday . ' since then we have made more and more each year and decorated them in different ways . we have also started to fill the half egg with our individual pralines and so have a giant chocolate filled egg that makes the perfect centre piece for even the largest of family gatherings . sydney 's the grounds of alexandria were inspired by the iconic cadbury creme egg when coming up with their easter offering . eggs-cellent : the grounds of alexandria in sydney created an egg made by filling a chocolate shell with cheesecake and passionfruit . mouth-water : the treat was inspired by the iconic cadbury creme egg . ' you should have seen the chicken ' : the grounds have also created a giant two-metre hollow egg , to be cracked open on easter sunday . the popular restaurant filled milk chocolate shells with cheesecake , which makes up the white of the ' egg ' , and passionfruit syrup to represent the yolk . ' our pastry chef came up with the passionfruit cheesecake egg concept for one of many easter sweet treats at the grounds across the next couple of weeks , ' a spokesperson told dma . ' this particular offering was inspired by the popular “ cadbury creme egg” , taking him back to special occasions at home where the creme eggs were always a favourite amongst his siblings . the oozing caramel was always an eagerly anticipated part of easter and christmas at home . ' for the health-conscious : pana chocolate sell raw cacao bunnies for those who want all flavour , no guilt this easter . also taking pride of place in the grounds ( though not on sale ) , is a giant two-metre hollow egg , which will be cracked on easter sunday for customers to enjoy . love the taste of chocolate , but are more health-conscious ? raw chocolatier pana chocolate , in sydney and melbourne , have created a bunny made of raw cacao . the $ 5.90 bunny is for sale in a number of flavours , including mint and orange . the chocolate is made entirely of raw ingredients with no refined sugar , and produced using minimal heat . these gluten , dairy and soy-free treats are all flavour , no guilt . size does matter : fremantle chocolate in wa have created a 3kg chocolate bunny that will set you back a whopping $ 275 ( left ) , while edible blooms can deliver loved ones a chocolate tree made up of 85 eggs ( right ) . too good to eat : the world 's most extravagant easter bunny is in the uk , and costs $ 64,000 , which includes two solitaire diamonds ( that account for $ 48,000 of the price tag ) . for wa chocoholics , fremantle chocolate are selling a chocolate bunny that weighs in at a whopping three kilograms . each of the made-to-order ' sir walter ' bunnies takes five hours to make using milk , white and dark chocolate as well as smaller fremantle chocolate eggs that he carries in a chocolate basket on his back , and will set you back $ 275 . edible blooms have provided for those who want to deliver the gift of chocolate for easter - creating a topiary tree made up of 85 solid chocolatier eggs . the $ 109 present is available to order online .