it may be a british staple but the traditional fish and chips is in peril . as waters around the uk get warmer , popular species of fish including haddock , plaice and lemon sole could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures . and this could see the prices of these fish soar , or see them being taken off the menu completely . researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips . in the past 40 years , reports suggest the north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average . and with further warming predicted over the coming century , fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species . this includes research by dr steve simpson , senior lecturer in marine biology and global change at the university of exeter and dr martin genner , senior lecturer in fish ecology and evolution at the university of bristol . the researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . from this they were able to predict the abundance and distribution of the uk 's fish over the next 50 years . as the north sea warms , species wo n't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare . as a result uk fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water such as red mullet ( left ) and john dory ( right ) , for example . their research found that as the north sea warms , species wo n't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures because habitat of a suitable depth is rare . and due to higher temperatures , numbers of many of the species are predicted to fall . marine biologists have found that shellfish take on a sour flavour if they are reared in slightly acidified sea water . they warn that as the planet 's oceans grow more acidic , due to rising carbon dioxide levels , many of our favourite seafoods could become less appetising . climate change experts predict that over the next century , the acidity levels of the world 's oceans could drop from ph8 to ph7.5 . many have warned this could lead to shrimps and prawns struggling to build the shells and skeletons they need to survive . ' we will see a real changing of the guard in the next few decades , ' said dr simpson . ' our models predict cold water species will be squeezed out , with warmer water fish likely to take their place . ' for sustainable uk fisheries , we need to move on from haddock and chips and look to southern europe for our gastronomic inspiration . ' these fish include john dory and red mullet , for example . according to the study , fish distributions are limited by water temperature and some species can only thrive in certain habitats and depths . dr martin genner , senior lecturer in fish ecology and evolution at the university of bristol , added : 'long-term standardised fisheries surveys from many european countries , alongside leading climate models for the region , mean it is a unique region to develop and test new modeling approaches . ' ' the modeling technique used in this analysis performed remarkably well when tested on available long-term datasets . ' this provides real confidence in the model 's ability to predict future patterns of fish distributions around the uk . the study was published in nature climate change .  