jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team and play a part in their season-defining games after completing 90 minutes for the under 21 side on tuesday night . the england midfielder completed 90 minutes in arsenal 's 4-1 win over stoke city as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season . as he nears full fitness again , wilshere has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united as he seeks to regain his place in arsene wenger 's team . jack wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side in tuesday night 's game with stoke city . wilshere has been out of action since november , when he injured his ankle against manchester united . wilshere injured his ankle during the loss to manchester united back in november . april 11 burnley ( a ) . april 18 reading ( wembley ) . fa cup semi-final . april 26 chelsea ( h ) . may 4 hull city ( a ) . may 11 swansea city ( h ) . may 17 manchester united ( a ) . may 20 sunderland ( h ) . may 24 west bromwich albion ( h ) . he said : ' you can train as much as you like but you ca n't get that match fitness unless you play . in the premier league , you know how quick it is so you have yo get back to that speed . ' i feel like i 'm ready to play some part . with everyone playing well , it will be difficult to get back in but sometimes it works out nicely . ' when the team are playing well and winning it can be easier to fit in and help them get even more points . when you 're injured you look at your comeback date and the games around that time . ' the ones that stand out are the fa cup semi-final but even before that we 've got big games and we 've got man united so there 's enough time to play this season . ' wilshere suffered his injury in the 2-1 defeat by manchester united back on november 22 . he completed 45 minutes in a friendly with brentford last week and took the next step on the road to recovery against stoke . wilshere takes on stoke 's ollie shenton during the under 21 premier league match at the emirates . wilshere is hoping to make his first-team return for arsenal in the next few weeks . arsenal won 4-1 at the emirates courtesy of an alex iwobi hat-trick and another from stephy mavididi . mikel arteta completed an hour and abou diaby 70 minutes as they recover from their respective ankle and calf injuries . meanwhile , sportsmail can exclusively reveal that wilshere features on manchester city 's summer shopping list . 