christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr . here , sportsmail 's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night 's match at villa park ... aston villa 4-4-2 ( diamond ) . brad guzan 6 . could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way . leandro bacuna 5.5 . offered an outlet down the right flank but allowed hill a free jump for his header . aston villa full-back leandro bacuna ( left ) tussles for the ball with qpr midfielder sandro ( right ) at villa park . qpr midfielder matty phillips ( centre ) dribbles forward with the ball as fabien delph ( right ) gives chase . ron vlaar 5.5 . gave austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out . kieran clark 6 . imposed himself with early headers but misplaced the odd pass . kieran richardson 5 . beaten too easily by phillips for the visitor 's third goal . tom cleverley 6.5 . full of energy and linked play down the right before coming off with boot in hand . carlos sanchez 6.5 . swept up at the base of villa 's diamond midfield . fabian delph 7 . his usual vibrant self in midfield , driving villa on and putting in tackles . jack grealish 6.5 ( cole 70 ) . failed to convert an excellent first-half opportunity but did well overall on his first premier league start . gabriel agbonlahor 7.5 . a performance of speed and power that troubled qpr no end in the first half . qpr defender clint hill ( left ) clears the ball ahead of the oncoming gabriel agbonlahor ( right ) on tuesday . christian benteke seals his hat-trick and a vital point for aston villa in their battle against relegation . benteke 's late free-kick brought the striker 's tally up to 11 goals for the season . aston villa manager tim sherwood reacts during the premier league game against qpr on tuesday night . christian benteke 8 . his most menacing display all season , and a superb hat-trick . how much might that late free-kick be worth ? tim sherwood 6.5 . inspired attacking bravado from his side but will rue not winning this match with the chances and fixtures to come . qpr 4-4-2 . rob green 6.5 . pulled off a number of saves that ultimately averted defeat , and could yet prove crucial . phillips breaks free off aston villa midfielder kieran richardson ( right ) as he impresses at villa park . phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against villa and is proving key to chris ramsey 's side . aston villa winger joe cole , on as a sub , knocks the ball ahead of qpr defender steven caulker on tuesday . mauricio isla 5 . benteke 's first came down his wing and deflected off his boot and agbonlahor had joy too . steven caulker 5 . won less than half his 11 duels and looked lost during spells in the first half . nedum onuoha 5.5 . troubled in opening period by pace and movement of villa 's attacking trio . qpr defender hill scores his side 's second goal during the thrilling 3-3 draw against aston villa on tuesday . charlie austin scores qpr 's third goal against aston villa and his 17th of the premier league campaign . clint hill 6.5 . a good header at an important time in the match and relatively solid at left-back . matt phillips 7.5 . is fast becoming indispensible for qpr . a well-taken goal and another assist , his sixth of 2015 . joey barton 6.5 . a nuisance as usual , winning free-kicks and keeping things ticking over . sandro 6 . most memorable act was taking out agbonlahor in build-up to benteke 's second . niko kranjcar 5 . fairly subdued and offered little protection on the left , hooked after 52 minutes . austin strikers for goal but sees his effort go just wide of guzan 's goal during the 3-3 draw with aston villa . charlie austin 6.5 . anonymous in the first half but produced when it mattered late on to take his premier league tally to 17 . bobby zamora 6.5 . managed to make it through 90 minutes despite his ageing limbs and provided a focal point for attacks . chris ramsey 6.5 . adjusted his team smartly as the match continued , making substitutions that affected the game and coming away with a decent point . 