the overbearing and interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people’s least favourite family member . and now a new poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of britons – who said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws . of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , above in-laws ( 21 per cent ) but below grandparents at 26 per cent . scroll down for video . a new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws . the research commissioned by matalan for its made for modern families campaign also found that the ‘ brady bunch’ or ‘blended’ household where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise . more than one in 10 british families now live in ‘blended’ families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge . as a result a fifth of all children – more than the entire population of birmingham and london combined - have participated in their own parents’ wedding , the poll found . spending quality time together as a family is still important with 65 per cent saying eating together at a table was one of their favourite family activities and 30 per cent claiming to enjoy playing board games and doing arts and crafts together . over a third ( 35 per cent ) said that their family’s happiness was their top priority , compared to just 6 per cent who cited money as most important . mark earls , a leading behavioural expert and fellow of the marketing society , said : ‘ contrary to those who have bemoaned the decline of the family as a key pillar of our society , family is alive and well – it just comes in many more different shapes and sizes than it used to including the “blended’ or “ brady bunch” family , which consists of one or more adults with their own children and those from previous relationships . the interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people’s least favourite family member , as in 2004 film monster-in-law starring jane fonda and jennifer lopez . ‘ more than one in ten british families have this kind of arrangement . such a scenario can create a situation in which the age gap between the youngest and eldest child/step-child can be more than a decade , as our survey found . ‘ ultimately , what we want for our families is what we’ve always wanted for those we love - health and happiness . however much the shape and the structures and the participants shift , it seems these same old truths abide . the family is here to stay . ’ while the beckhams were seen by 20 per cent of people questioned as the best representation of the modern family , 16 per cent thought it was jamie oliver’s brood , followed by the jolie-pitts at 7 per cent . next in line from the list were will smith’s family ( 4 per cent ) and elton john and david furnish ( 3 per cent ) . the research saw data compiled by yougov reviewed by mr earls for matalan as part of its commitment to understanding today’s modern families . jason hargreaves , managing director of matalan , said : ‘ family life has changed dramatically since we first opened our doors 30 years ago . the demands on parents and families are greater than ever as time is precious , life is faster and pockets are pinched . ‘ family is at the heart of our business and we are committed to being there to help families , whatever their makeup or wherever they’re from , in everything we do . ’ 