most people , when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery , might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house , a reasonably flash car , take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what’s left . but the story of viv nicholson — who died on saturday aged 79 — is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot . when viv , a cake-factory worker from castleford in yorkshire , and her coal miner husband keith won £152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today — she announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring . scroll down for video . in the money : viv and husbandkeith receiving their chequefrom bruce forsyth in 1961 . throwing her arms wide open towards the assembled press in the plush surroundings of the grosvenor house hotel in london , the petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre , declaring that the money would indeed change her life . ‘ just imagine , ’ grinned nicholson . ‘ i am going to buy masses of dresses and suits and coats . brigitte bardot won’t stand an earthly once i get cracking . there’ll be new clothes , too , and presents — dozens of them — for our three children . ’ and then — in a phrase that decades later became the title of a hit musical starring barbara dickson — she famously announced that she was going to ‘ spend , spend , spend’ . unbeknown to the media , viv was so poor that she couldn’t even afford a pair of tights for the press conference , and had to borrow her sister’s . she was earning just £7 a week at the factory , and her husband the same amount in night shifts . when the couple got the train to london to collect their cheque , she was astonished to see so many people at king’s cross rushing towards her compartment . ‘ i thought : “ oh , i didn’t realise there were so many people who wanted to catch a train , ”’ she said later . ‘ that is how naive i was . they were reporters . ’ the story of viv nicholson — who died on saturday aged 79 — is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot . after the cheque presentation ceremony at the grosvenor house , she collapsed into the arms of the man who had handed the couple their massive winnings — bruce forsyth . the following morning her ecstatic face and the headline ‘ spend , spend , spend’ were plastered over nearly every newspaper in the land . soon after breakfast , viv was good to her word — she went out and started on her mission . for her new wardrobe , there was only one place to go — across hyde park to harrods . and of course , in the style of every pools and lottery winner , viv bought the car of her dreams . in her case , the motor was as ostentatious as her bumptious personality — a pink cadillac . and she dyed her hair to match . the couple quickly moved out of their semi-detached council house on kershaw avenue , and into an £11,000 upmarket sprawling ranch-style bungalow complete with swimming pool in the well-to-do leeds suburb of garforth . ‘ the neighbours hated us and our noise , ’ she admitted . ‘ mind you , we did party , party , party . . . ’ the children were sent to private schools — the one sensible thing she did was to set up a trust to pay for their education — and keith even bought a racehorse . it was a display of feckless extravagance at odds with an early sixties britain yet to escape the shadow of fifties austerity . for a short while , all seemed well , and the family travelled through the u.s. and europe , when such globetrotting seemed impossibly exotic . but without anyone to guide them — the counselling on offer to today’s lottery winners was nowhere to be seen — the young couple were overwhelmed by the wealth those eight score-draws had brought them . their new home , which they called ponderosa after the ranch in tv western bonanza , was the scene of riotous parties and its built-in cocktail bar was an unheard of luxury for the mid-sixties . the couple’s propensity for bubbly was such that viv was known to wash in it . when they weren’t partying at home , they were knocking it back at the local pub , the miners arms . viv also claimed they had to buy a new luxury car every six months , as she pranged them so often . ‘ i used them to learn to drive . i was awful at reversing and would always reverse into somebody’s plant pot or door . ’ their spending was frittered away not just on motors , but on clothes and a lifestyle to match . their new-found fame bought access to the celebrities of their day , and the couple rubbed shoulders with the likes of leonard rossiter , joan collins and even mae west . and they had to look the part . viv nicholson pictured outside the west-end production of ' spend spend spend ' in 2000 . for some , viv’s behaviour encapsulated the nascent consumer culture that was heralded by harold macmillan’s famous words from a few years before that the british people had ‘ never had it so good’ . although viv was undeniably susceptible to such commercial pressures , there were other problems . ‘ when we first won the money all we did was drink , ’ she admitted . ‘ i used to fall over , i was falling from one table of drinks to the next for the first month or two . ’ as well as struggling to cope with their excessive penchant for alcohol , both keith and viv struggled to adjust to a strange new social life . old friends and neighbours were jealous of their wealth and resentful of their hedonistic lifestyle . it didn’t help that viv had a temper , and she and keith often fought . ‘ keith hated it , ’ she later confessed . ‘ i used to throw things at him when i lost my rag . ’ but such incidents would soon seem trivial . in january 1965 , keith was killed after losing control of his powder-blue jaguar on the a1 , and skidding down an embankment . keith’s uncle , frank , also died . that crash not only robbed viv of a husband , but it also took away what remained of their wealth . barbara dickson ( left ) , star of the musical spend spend spend and viv nicholson , upon whose life story the musical was based . by then , the couple had blown half of their winnings , and in the wake of his death , harold wilson’s labour government with its punitive tax system helped itself in death duties to the remaining half . ‘ even his watch , ’ viv would bitterly recall . within little more than four years , viv had gone from rags to riches to rags again . what she did have left were her looks and a certain celebrity , so she soon found herself singing big spender — what else ? — in a strip club in manchester . however , the managers wanted more from viv than just her voice , and insisted she should strip at the end of the song . viv agreed , but only if she could keep her underwear on . her request was refused , but viv was defiant . ‘ i kept my knickers and bra on , ’ she recalled . ‘ i was frogmarched into the back and told : “you’ll do it properly tomorrow or you’re sacked.”’ . viv still refused to strip , and the following night was indeed sacked . ‘ i earned £50 , which didn’t even cover the petrol there and back , ’ she said , ‘ i couldn’t do it ; i wasn’t a stripper . ’ viv also spent time with lawyers to claw back some of the fortune taken by the taxman . she recovered a few thousand , quickly spent in the way that viv knew best — on booze and the high life . to find some security , viv remarried , and did so in her unique style three times in quick succession . she moved to malta to start a new life , but a punch-up with a policeman put paid to that , and she was deported . without a bean and back in castleford , viv tried to commit suicide , and was admitted to a mental institution . but soon she picked herself up , as she always had . in 1977 , she published her autobiography called — naturally — spend , spend , spend . this was turned into a bbc play , in which viv was memorably portrayed by actress susan littler . in 2011 , she suffered a stroke , after which she was afflicted by dementia . but , despite it all , viv never rued a single day . in 1984 , morrissey , lead singer of the smiths , selected a vintage photo of viv to grace the sleeve of the band’s latest single , heaven knows i’m miserable now . and in 1999 , that west end musical took off , earning viv a hefty £100,000 in royalties . one might have thought that by then viv would have learned her lesson . but no , she spent it , mostly on drink , which nearly killed her . after a spell in hospital , she recovered , and found stability in becoming a jehovah’s witness and working in a perfume shop in wakefield . in 2011 , she suffered a stroke , after which she was afflicted by dementia . but , despite it all , viv never rued a single day . ‘ would i do it all again — you bet i flaming would , ’ she said . ‘ i bought designer clothes , i travelled , i gave my kids a good education and i had a ball . i’ve packed more into my life than 20 people . i have no regrets . ’ of course , it is easy for us to judge how viv spent her life . for while her story is a parable on the perils of avarice , and how money really doesn’t buy happiness , it is also a lesson in the corrupting influence of celebrity . famous and feted as she was , her money brought more entertainment for the rest of us than it did for her . even so , isn’t there a part of us all that wants to do as she did — to throw off the shackles of responsibility and convention , and spend , spend , spend ? 