niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn ' nasty ' at some stage after accusing the german and team-mate lewis hamilton of being ' egocentric b******* ' . hamilton spearheaded a mercedes one-two at the shanghai international circuit , claiming his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his formula one career . rosberg , though , effectively accused hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference after the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres . mercedes non-executive chairman niki lauda ( right ) pictured by the circuit in his recognisable red cap . nico rosberg speaks with lauda in the team garage ... the german is expected to turn ' nasty ' at some stage . that backed up rosberg who had ferrari 's sebastian vettel closing in from behind , forcing him to bemoan the situation to the team over the radio , who responded by asking hamilton to increase his pace . rosberg made his feelings plain to hamilton immediately afterwards , yet the 30-year-old was completely exonerated of any wrongdoing . as far as mercedes non-executive chairman lauda was concerned , the actions of hamilton were that of a driver with a winning mentality . ' we were first and second and i do n't care if there is a quarrel , as long as vettel was third , ' said lauda . ' one thing is clear from my point of view , lewis had pole position and controlled the race from the beginning to the end , therefore there is no need for a quarrel . ' asked whether hamilton had the right to be selfish , lauda replied : ' sure , he will drive selfish . ' these guys ... i call them egocentric b******* , and this is the only way to win a championship . it 's the oldest thing . there is no friendship out there . when you race you have to fight , that 's it . ' lewis hamilton waves to the crowd from the podium as rosberg reflects on finishing behind his team-mate . hamilton and rosberg spray champagne from the podium as mercedes celebrate a one-two finish . hamilton celebrates his win with the mercedes team but rosberg appears less pleased with second . hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . lauda rightly noted rosberg opted not to attack hamilton for the win , instead wanting to preserve his own tyres and hang on to second . the three-times champion , however , believes rosberg will hit back at some stage , adding : ' nico will calm himself down . ' for sure , when you are being beaten by your team-mate it hurts . when i was being beaten by ( alain ) prost all the time i was not happy . on the other hand nico is a guy who comes back quickly , so thank god there is only one week to the next race ( in bahrain ) so all this talk will stop quickly when they start driving again on friday . ' of course , lewis bites , he has the talent to bite , but nico is as nasty as he is if he sees the chance . do n't worry . ' it means rosberg could respond in bahrain , the scene of their titanic on-track duel last season which sparked their at-times bitter rivalry which culminated in their collision in belgium . for now , hamilton holds a 13-point cushion to vettel , with rosberg a further four points adrift . hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china . rosberg accused hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference on sunday . overall , hamilton said : ' i 'm really happy . it was a great race and really positive to have a clean weekend throughout every session . ' ferrari 's kimi raikkonen was fourth ahead of williams pair felipe massa and valtteri bottas , with mclaren 's fernando alonso 12th and jenson button 14th . button had finished 13th , but was handed a five-second post-race penalty for an accident with lotus ' pastor maldonado that ended the venezuelan 's grand prix . in his first race with manor , after missing the first two due to issues , will stevens was 15th , finishing ahead of team-mate roberto merhi .