jb holmes took victory in a play-off at the shell houston open when johnson wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out . holmes , who started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29 , had moments before missed from 10 foot but 2008 winner wagner could not save par to take the play-off to a third hole . overnight leader jordan spieth , who hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off , had been eliminated on the first hole . j b holmes poses with the houston open trophy after a thrilling climax saw him take the title . holmes bumps fists with his caddie to celebrate winning the houston open after two play-off holes . johnson wagner watches his putt go by the hole on the second play-off , handing the title to holmes . spieth 's one-shot overnight lead evaporated almost before he had time to warm up on the course thanks to holmes ' blistering start . six birdies on the first seven holes saw holmes tear into an outright lead as spieth was easing into proceedings with his second par in as many holes . holmes picked up a further shot on the eighth on his way to finishing the front nine on a seven-under 29 to tie the nine-hole course record with fred couples . the 32-year-old had a less prolific back nine , but he still picked up two further birdies , with a bogey on the 16th his only blot on a fine day 's golf . he returned to the clubhouse with a two-shot lead having carded 64 , but back-to-back birdies on 13 and 14 saw spieth join holmes on 16 under overall with four holes remaining . holmes began the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start . overnight leader jordan spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course , but made a play-off . the 21-year-old , who could have gone second in the world rankings with victory in houston , just missed taxing birdie shots on 16 and 17 to take it all down to his final hole . and just after his tee shot narrowly avoided the bunker , wagner dramatically birdied the par-four 18th with a 25ft putt to card a 69 and create a three-way tie at the top of the leaderboard . spieth still had the chance to win it outright but found a bunker , and he needed a fine 42ft chip and then a 12ft putt to rescue par and join the play-off . once it began , things quickly went south for the texan . he found the greenside bunker with his second shot , and then made a poor shot out from a difficult lie , claiming something had distracted him during his backswing . he would be eliminated with a bogey . wagner had also run into trouble with his second shot but salvaged a par , and when holmes missed from 10ft they headed back to the tee to try again . spieth was the first to drop out in the play-offs , after bogeying the first hole to fall out of contention . johnson wagner celebrates his birdie at the eighteenth , to earn a place in the play-off , but he fell just short . neither man had dramas on the way to the green this time but holmes got much closer to the hole with his second approach shot , and after wagner over-hit a long putt holmes again had the chance to win it from 10ft . his putt drifted a couple of inches wide but wagner 's putt from four feet lipped out and holmes could celebrate . ' i knew i had to play a really low round to have a chance , but i started out great and it worked out for me , ' holmes said on sky sports 4 before turning his attention to next week 's masters . ' it 's great any time you get a week where you can win going into a major . i went there monday and tuesday and saw the course so hopefully i 'm ready . i 'm hitting it well , and looking forward to it . '