with his bright , inquisitive eyes and wagging tail , on first glance he looks like an ordinary pet . but this is actually a mocked-up image of britain’s ideal dog , comprising different parts of several breeds to create the perfect furry friend . the coat of an english bulldog , the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners . the perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie , the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle . scroll down for video . the dog has all the best bits from the uk 's favourite breeds , the hair of an english bulldog and a labrador nose . the research found more than a third of owners wanted their dog to have a short , low-maintenance coat , while a similar proportion favoured soft , floppy ears . almost half said their ideal dog would be ‘standard-sized’ like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas . the ‘ soft and round’ snout of a labrador was the most favourable nose , with 50 per cent of the vote , beating the elongated snout of a collie which was chosen by 24 per cent . when it came to naming their pets , 29 per cent of owners said they opted for ‘human’ choices such as dave or lucy . the dog has the soft fluffy ears of the king charles spaniel ( right ) which 24 percent preferred our ideal dog would have the tail of an irish setter ( left ) . a third of owners want their dog to have a 'short-haired ' and ' low maintenance ' coat - like an english bulldog . but slightly more – 33 per cent – preferred traditional dogs’ names including rover and bailey . the survey , by flea treatment brand frontline spot on , also found that people favoured different types of dog depending on where they lived . perhaps unsurprisingly , 41 per cent of londoners preferred small dogs who don’t take up much room . meanwhile almost a fifth of owners in east anglia , with its swathes of countryside , picked the large great dane as their favourite breed . our ' perfect dog ' has the body of a border collie ( right ) but the great dane was most popular in east anglia . voters in different areas preferred their dogs larger or smaller , depending on the region where they lived . those living in london are more likely to opt for a small and lap-sized dog ( 41 per cent ) rather than a retriever-sized pooch ( 34 per cent ) . meanwhile , those in east anglia prefer great danes ( 19 per cent ) over tiny dogs like chihuahuas ( 4 per cent ) . a quarter of owners valued their pet’s companionship so much they said the perfect dog would live for as long as they did – instead of the normal lifespan of around ten to 13 years . the survey also asked about the ideal dog’s sound , with 30 per cent opting for the ‘mid-range’ bark of a labrador as opposed to a high-pitched yap . brock abreu , frontline spot on brand manager , said : ‘ when it comes to our ideal canine companion , looks really do matter . ‘ it is also great to see that we are being patriotic and championing those traditional and beautiful british dog breeds . ’ those living in london are more likely to opt for a small and lap-sized dog ( 41 per cent ) than a larger retreiver . 