staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps . $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. , bloomberg business reports . citing people familiar with the matter , bloomberg reports that attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week . the final decision will be made by senior officials . block : staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps . $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. ( stock image ) . as reports surface that the multi-billion-dollar deal may be blocked , a spokesman for twc questioned the reports and told reuters that the company has been working productively with both the doj and the federal communications commission . ' we 've had no indication from the doj that [ the report ] is true , ' the spokesman said . the proposed collaboration of the two cable television companies , which have both suffered drops in shares recently , drew criticism from comcast competitors and groups that oppose media consolidation , according to cnn money . on schedule : just two months ago , comcast ceo brian roberts told wall street analysts that officials are excited about the merger and the planning for regulatory approval was on schedule . the merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last february . if the deal is successful , comcast would become the nation 's leading cable and internet provider . and competitors fear that the deal would allow the company to unilaterally set programming prices for the entire industry , the la times reports . just two months ago , comcast ceo brian roberts told wall street analysts that officials are excited about the merger and the planning for regulatory approval was on schedule , according to the la times . however , a comcast spokeswoman told cnn that the merger would result in ' significant consumer benefits . ' ' these benefits have been essentially unchallenged in the record -- and all can be achieved without any reduction of competition , ' she added . ' as a result , there is no basis for a lawsuit to block the transaction . ' productively : a spokesman for twc questioned the recent reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the doj and the federal communications commission . time warner cable : photographed is time warner cable inc. ceo robert marcus , who has held the position since january 2014 . on friday , a group of companies , public interest groups , and associations wrote a letter to fcc chair tom wheeler opposing the deal that would combine the nation 's biggest and second biggest cable television operators . ' the combined company would , among other things : control over half of the high-speed residential broadband connections in the united states ; dominate pay-tv across the nation ; combine even stronger distribution muscle with nbc-universal 's 'must-have ' video programming ; and control critical advertising and set top-box inputs , ' the letter stated according to reuters . ' ... the commission should reject this merger because it would result in too much power in the hands of one company . '