american model kendra spears , who has been known as princess salwa since her marriage to the aga khan 's son prince rahim , has given birth to her first child . the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well . news of the birth , which was announced yesterday , has been greeted with joy by the followers of the aga khan , who , in a statement , spoke of his family 's ' great happiness ' . scroll down for video . glamorous : princess salwa aga khan , pictured during a photo shoot last year , has given birth to a son . ms spears , a seattle-born supermodel who has starred in campaigns for diane von furstenburg and chanel among others , married prince rahim aga khan in 2013 following a four month engagement . the model , 26 , had been considered ' the next cindy crawford ' by her agency ford models , but has put her career on the back-burner since becoming wife to the 44-year-old royal . she follows in the footsteps of a string of american royal wives , among them actress rita hayworth who was married to sir sultan muhammed shah aga khan . prince rahim 's younger brother hussein , 41 , also married an american , although his marriage to new yorker kristin white , 38 , ended shortly after his brother 's wedding in 2013 . the jordanian royals have also made a habit of wedding americans , most famously lisa najeeb halaby who became known as queen noor following her marriage . happy couple : the royal is said to be doing well , according to her husband , prince rahim aga khan . striking : princess salwa pictured left on her wedding day and right during her catwalk modelling career . britons have also married into the jordanian royal dynasty , most notably antoinette avril gardiner , the mother of current ruler abdullah , unlike the jordanians , the aga khan dynasty do not have a country and instead lead the imami ismā'īlī tariqah , a shi'a muslim sect . like the king abdullah of jordan , the aga khan , a title bestowed upon the family by persian ( now iran ) ruler fath-ali shah qajar in 1818 , claims to be a direct descendant of the prophet mohammed . prince rahim 's father prince shah karim al hussaini is the current aga khan and took the title aged 20 following the death of his grandfather , sir sultan muhammed shah , aga khan iii . a british business magnate and a racehorse enthusiast , he is responsible for adding to the family fortune , which is thought to amount to more than $ 800m . not all of the money was acquired through commerce , however . part of it comes from a tithe paid by ismaili muslims called a ' dasond ' - the equivalent of 12.5 percent of each person 's gross annual income . royal wives : rita hayworth also married into the aga khan dynasty while queen noor is a jordanian royal . british connection : king abdullah ii of jordan , pictured with prince charles , has a british mother .