a bloody and wounded shop owner has been pictured just moments before he died from his injuries on another day of xenophobic attacks in south africa . the man who is believed to be from mozambique was taken to a hospital in johannesburg where he tragically passed away . at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of durban several weeks ago . despite making 30 arrests overnight , police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of johannesburg . many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp which lies just east of johannesburg . south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for an end to the ' shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from africa and south asia , saying : ' no amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals . ' scroll down for video . victim : a shop owner believed to be from mozambique ( pictured ) has died from his injuries amid the xenophobic violence that has gripped south africa . wounded : bloodied and hurt , the man was taken to a hospital in johannesburg where he eventually died . help : a passer-by comes to the aid of the shop owner who was fatally attacked in poor area of johannesburg and later died in hospital . dying : he is one of at least six who have been killed in the country this week as armed gangs target foreigners in a spate of xenophobic attacks . looted : a woman sifts through the remains of the ransacked store she was renting to foreign nationals who are now being targeted by violent groups in johannesburg . attacks : at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of durban several weeks ago . violent : gangs of anti-immigrant protesters armed with hammers , knives and machetes have been reeking havoc in south africa . scorched : 12 people were arrested overnight as anti-foreigner attacks in south africa spread to parts of johannesburg where rioters torched tires ( pictured ) . dangerous : despite making 30 arrests overnight , police have struggled to control the gangs who have torched cars and shops owned by foreign nationals . refugee : this child who awaits much-needed hospital treatment is one of dozens whose family has been forced to abandon their homes in johannesburg for a makeshift camp in the city . protection : foreign nationals who fear for their lives have gathered at a relief camp ( pictured ) set up in primrose , east of johannesburg . innocence lost : one of the many refugees now seeking shelter in johannesburg is two-year-old toddler knowledge ( pictured ) . pain : one man needed emergency treatment for his injuries at the refugee camp set up for foreign nationals fleeing attacks from south africans . victims : south african president jacob zuma has said the majority foreign nationals ( pictured ) being targeted by angry , armed mobs are living in the country legally and contribute to its economy . anger : zuma has called for an end to the ' shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from africa , some of whom now occupy a refugee camp east of johannesburg ( pictured ) . homeless : some south africans blame immigrants coming to the country ( pictured ) of taking jobs and opportunities away from them . justification : but south african president zuma has said ' no amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals ' . there was a heavy police presence in the alexandra township as armed rioters looted shops , burned tires and built street barricades overnight . and armed policeman fired rubber bullets at the groups who have torched shops and cars in the poor areas of johannesburg in recent days . police claim that attacks on immigrants - many of whom are from other african countries - have largely subsided in the country 's east where the violence began . with unemployment and poverty levels high in the country , some south africans have accused the immigrants of taking jobs and opportunities away from them . a police spokesman said the 30 people arrested in johannesburg overnight will be charged for ' public violence , malicious damage to property , house breaking and theft ' . thousands of foreigners in the country have fled their homes and the country amid the violence , escaping to makeshift camps as well as neighbouring countries like zimbabwe , malawi and mozambique . the surge of violence against immigrants is widely blamed on a speech made by king goodwill zwelithini , a traditional zulu leader who blamed the foreigners living south africa for its high crime rate and said they must ' take their bags and go ' . he has been accused of ' igniting ' the zulus who comprise one of south africa 's largest ethnic groups by saying ' we must deal with our own lice ' in a speech broadcast by a local radio station . the king has since said his words were misinterpreted but for some , zwelithini simply articulated what many were feeling . protest : south african demonstrators have taken to the streets in johannesburg in a bid to raise awareness of the xenophobic attacks taking place in its township . furious : and in neighbouring mozambique , hundreds have been protesting the violence being inflicted on their countrymen in south africa . safety : as people in maputo , mozambique ( pictured ) protest against the violence in south africa , its government has offered to evacuate its citizens from the country . rise up : mozambique nationals ( pictured ) are furious at the violence against their citizens in johannesburg were four people were killed in a week where shops owned by foreigners were looted back in january . blame : protesters in mozambique ( pictured ) hold up signs blaming south african president jacob zuma for the violence befalling immigrants in the country . demonstrators : some south africans ( pictured ) have tried to raise awareness for the xenophobic violence but some blame the immigrants for taking jobs in a time of severe unemployment . armed : at least six people have died since south africans wielding machetes and other weapons ( pictured ) began attacking and looting properties owned by fellow africans . brutal : the surge of violence against immigrants is widely blamed on a speech made by a traditional zulu leader who blamed foreigners for a rise in hate crime . response : police in johannesburg ( pictured ) have been firing rubber bullets to subdue the violent gangs in the city . battle : a south african police officer trains his sights on zulu protesters who were demonstrated in front of their hostel in the jeppestown district of johannesburg ( pictured ) . retaliation : but police also claim that attacks on immigrants - many of whom are from other african countries - have largely subsided . the violence has also been blamed on high unemployment and while recent figures put it at 25 per cent , economists believe it is much higher and crippling the country with widespread poverty and a glaring class divide . meanwhile foreign nationals have condemned south africa 's police for failing to protect them and even stirring hostility . the government says it is addressing complaints about undocumented migrants but many foreign nationals are living legally in south africa and contributing to economic development . but the situation has become so severe that the government of malawi has hired buses to repatriate 500 of its nationals , according to the country 's information minister . kenya has also offered to evacuate any of their citizens who feel threatened and on just today , mozambique has temporarily blocked a road leading to south africa . 60 people died during similar unrest in the country in 2008 and in january this year , four people were killed in a week where shops owned by foreigners were looted in soweto , johannesburg . furious : a terrifying woman covered in black soot ( pictured ) began screaming at a group of foreign nationals in johannesburg . savage : rioters have armed themselves with sticks , knives and baseball bats as they attack immigrants in johannesburg ( pictured ) . rioters : the violence in south africa has also been blamed on high unemployment and a glaring class divide . vicious : with a total population of about 50 million , south africa is home to an estimated 5 million immigrants who are now being targeted by brutal gangs ( pictured ) . zimbabwe 's information minster jonathan moyo tweeted that ' xenophobia today can easily mutate into genocide tomorrow ' adding that the zulu king should ' extinguish what he ignited ' . while in somalia 's capital of mogadishu , some locals believed their countrymen would have been safer in their troubled native country than in south africa . one resident of the city said : ' this must become a lesson for them to return home ... otherwise , they will be eliminated one by one . `` it is also a major destination for asylum seekers and currently houses more than 300,000 of them according to projections by the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees . with a total population of about 50 million , south africa is home to an estimated 5 million immigrants from countries including somalia , ethiopia , zimbabwe and malawi .