the block’s up market south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month with listing agents claiming the lavish apartments are worth between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million . thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy darling street apartments for themselves when channel nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend . although the show’s producers are remaining tight lipped about the reserve prices , realtors have been running vip showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes before the hammer falls on april 28 . scroll down for video . the trendy south yarra apartments have been valued between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million by listing agents . after last year 's bitter disappointment darren and dea are hoping they 've created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like . the controversial pair made a return for ' triple threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ' glasshouse ' auction day . jellis craig agent andrew mccann is telling potential buyers to expect darren and deanne’s chic apartment to sell for around $ 1.5 on auction day , reported domain . he said the couple’s upmarket wine cellar and generous terrace had parties excited to return for a second look . the controversial pair made a return for ' triple threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ' glasshouse ' auction day . darren and deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom . the couple were always praised for their ' simple ' and ' beautiful ' styling which was featured throughout their breathtaking en suite . although this was josh and charlotte 's first crack at the renovation reality show ' the block ' they have become fan favourites after putting plenty of work into the renovation of ' apartment 1 ' . josh and charlotte produced a beautiful wine cellar for their luxe three bedroom apartment . josh and charlotte 's apartment has garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property . since the apartments were listed on the market last week , josh and charlotte 's apartment garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property . the agent taking care of josh and charlotte’s campaign , hocking stuart agent mark konishi , took 17 couples through the apartment on easter saturday and said the pair’s light-saturated apartment impressed buyers . although the couple were disqualified from the master bedroom reveal , despite a ' perfect score ' from the judges , agents are confident the high ceilings and exposed beams will be a big draw card for buyers . fresh and clean : mr konishi said buyers were impressed with the couples ' light filled ' apartment . the block 's judges praised the couple for their ' thoughtful ' styling and clean grey palate . tim and anastasia are confident that they will come out on top when the apartments go on sale next month . tim and anastasia 's sophisticated apartment has been valued at around $ 1.3 million . real estate agents said potential buyers were impressed with the property and thought it looked much better than on television . tim and anastasia’s apartment is being sold by russell cambridge and doug doyle of biggin and scott . mr cambridge said the property has been well received by potential buyers who think the property looks a lot better in person than on tv . three contracts were issued after mr cambridge showed the property to over over 30 groups . he is telling prospective buyers the ‘sophisticated’ apartment will sell for upward of $ 1.3 million . after realtors showed around 30 groups through tim and anastasia 's property , three contracts were issued . ayden and jess are facing stiff competition however their realtor valued the property at around $ 1.3 million , the same figure as tim and anastasia . when it goes under the hammer next month ayden and jess hope that the effort they put into their ' scandanavian ' apartment will be rewarded . adam joske from gary peer’s is running ayden and jess’s campaign and he said there has been a lot of interest coming from online buyers . the first time renovators on the block won the very first room reveal of the season and received positive reviews over the course of the program . mr joske told prospective buyers the ' scandinavian ' styled apartment will go sell around $ 1.3 million at auction . judges think ayden and jess ' bright apartment will appeal to a younger buyer . this was also ayden and jess ' first shot at the block with the judges giving the couple good reviews over the course of the series . all four apartments have been marketed without featuring the kitchen , stairs or terrace of the apartments as they haven’t been formally revealed on the reality series . this has given realtors ample opportunity to spark interest in the million dollar properties before auction date without disappointing dedicated fans who tune in each week for ‘ room reveal’ . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos after three couples only pocketed between $ 10,000 and $ 40,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus . this season only registered bidders , buyers advocates and a small group of media will be present at the filmed auctions . the winners will remain a secret until the auctions are aired during the season finale . channel nine are opening the doors of ' the block ' apartments this weekend with around 40,000 fans expected to show up . 