police were twice called to an aircraft when ' disruptive ' passengers mutinied over being stranded on the tarmac for five hours after their plane was diverted . pilots of the qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester , where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm . passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport . scroll down for video . revolt : footage taken in manchester airport , pictured , shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff after the events in birmingham caused a knock-on delay to the aircraft 's return flight to doha . frustration : passengers are filmed at manchester airport . police were first called to birmingham after passengers started ' kicking off ' , according to one witness . officers returned two hours later . police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers ' kicked off ' , according to one witness . officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark . meanwhile , footage taken in manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff after the events in birmingham caused a knock-on delay to the aircraft 's return flight to doha . some claimed they had been waiting in the airport for up to 24 hours after earlier delays . passengers in birmingham were eventually allowed off the aircraft and were later bused to manchester . but some claimed they were left waiting hours for transport and did not arrive until 7am . delay : a qatar airways spokeswoman apologised for the delay , which she said occurred after strong winds meant the aircraft could n't land at manchester . above , passengers in manchester airport who were delayed . one passenger who was on the tarmac and asked not to be named , said : ' we were told they were waiting for refuelling and then a new crew . ' some passengers started kicking off so the police were called . an old lady next to me was shivering so we asked for blankets but there were n't enough . ' when we got home i had to sleep for two days to recover . ' a qatar airways spokeswoman apologised for the delay , which she said occurred after strong winds meant the aircraft could n't land at manchester . she said after the diversion it was unable to fly back to manchester as the operating crew exceeded their legal flying hours by the time the aircraft had been refuelled . passengers and crew safety , she said , were the number one priority and a new crew was taken to birmingham as fast as possible , at which point the aircraft took off for manchester . she added : ' in the meantime , qatar airways arranged for the transportation of the passengers to manchester . ' west midlands police have confirmed reports of ' disruptive passengers ' at 10.30pm . officers boarded and spoke to passengers and crew and no complaints were made . but a spokesman added : ' a further delay in the flight 's departure resulted in officers being called again two hours later after passengers became angry and some tried to disembark . ' the airline decided to cancel the flight and transport the passengers to manchester by road . ' passengers were finally allowed into the terminal , but claim they then waited until 5.30am for a bus to manchester , arriving at around 7am . safety : a spokeswoman for qatar airways said passenger and crew safety were the number one priority and a new crew was taken to birmingham as fast as possible , at which point the aircraft took off . stock image . meanwhile , passengers waiting at manchester airport for the return flight to doha were also delayed . they were filmed as they grew increasingly frustrated with staff . footage was later uploaded to youtube . the caption on the video claims some people had been waiting more than 24 hours after their flight the night before was cancelled . it added that ' zero information was given for the delay ' or about connecting flights . on tuesday , seven flights were diverted out of manchester airport due to windy weather . qatar airways has been asked for a response regarding the video showing passenger anger at manchester airport .