a chinese woman has become an internet sensation after charting life with her pet pig who she dresses , walks and even sleeps with every day . the woman , who calls herself zhu diandian online , has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs ( 13st ) . but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two , with ms zhu proudly posting pictures of them snuggled up in bed together , it was reported by people 's daily online . her husband is understood to be ' tolerant ' of the relationship . however the same ca n't be said of her pet dog , who often peers enviously at the pig through a baby gate that keeps the mutt out of the bedroom . lights snout : zhu diandian snuggles up with her 190lb pig who she shares a bed with every day . snuggles : ms zhu has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs , but that has done nothing to weaken the bond between the two . the owner 's surname , zhu , sounds exactly like ' pig ' in mandarin and that may be the reason for her love of this rather unusual pet . her pictures have been widely circulating online in china creating huge interest with legions of netizens who have not held back with their comments . ' everyday i ... am ... squashed ! ' says ms zhu on her weibo account when she posts photos of her in bed with her hog . getting comfortable : five flowers settles down with his favourite cuddly toys . pictures of the bizarre bond with ms zhu have made its owner an internet sensation . snout pout : ms zhu has nicknamed her pet zhu diandian or ' crazy pig ' in english . getting all the attention : ms zhu uses a baby gate to keep her insanely jealous pet dog out of the bedroom . one photo shows the lucky black and white pig buried under the covers , bleary eyed and with its big snout directly facing the lens and mouth slightly open as it was yawning . the people 's daily reports that the hubby of ms zhu is understanding of the homely hog but that the feeling is not mutual . and if the pet dog is feeling a bit jealous it 's understandable . photos posted on her weibo account show ms zhu taking five flowers and her rabbit out to the local park for a walk with the pig dressed in a fetching green t-shirt and a body harness . photos posted on her weibo account show ms zhu taking five flowers out to the local park for a walk . ' all animals are equal but some are more equal than others ' : five flowers heads out for a walk . the ever thoughtful ms zhu even shows the lengths she goes to in order to make sure five flowers is well tended to . photos show a trail of green vegetables that lead from the bedroom to the bathroom which she says is how she gets five flowers into bath for her clean . communications graduate ms zhu works at a publishing company in the chinese capital and has almost 40,000 followers on weibo . she lives in the chaoyang district of beijing with her husband , five flowers as well as a pet dog and rabbit . her latest photos of five flowers in bed have 13,000 ' retweets ' as well as almost 9,000 comments which are mostly supportive of her unusual pet . deeewei from switzerland posted : keeping a pig as a pet looks cool but i think i will be giving up eating pork from now on . ' duodog said : ' that 's so cute ! ' while caoooyo from ' overseas ' adds : ' they look so happy ! '