they are one of the most feared animals on the planet . now fascinating images reveal how fish make a collective effort to stay out of the way of sharks . the striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia . incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark ( pictured ) , perhaps proving that they are instinctively frightened of it . it is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator . dr ken collins , senior research fellow and diving officer at the university of southampton , told mailonline : ' this is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish , the same would happen if it were a diver in the photograph rather than a shark . ' something big is automatically accepted as a potential threat and swimming in a swirling dense shoal is a defensive move which provides mutual protection simply reducing the chances of an individual being picked off and confusing the potential “ enemy '' . ' flocks of small birds will react the same way to hawks . ' fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour , such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding a mate . it’s known that shoals of fish can change shapes and directions in seconds - as if they are thinking as one - and in these images , the fish manage to keep a pocket of clear water between themselves and the shark , even the pocket does change shape . software engineer scott carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across the shoal of fish trying to avoid the shark . the photos show a shark swimming in the shallow waters , where they are guaranteed a clear path because ‘terrified’ fish move out of their way . software engineer scott carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across fish trying to avoid the shark off heron island in queensland , australia ( marked ) . it’s thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators’ jaws , because they confuse larger creatures . the ‘ predator confusion effect’ is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individual prey from groups because similar-looking fish create a sensory overload for predators . fin movements made by a shoal seem to overlap to mimic waves created by a larger animal , perhaps to dissuade a predator from attacking . the fact that there are many fish in a shoal means they have many eyes to scan an area for predators and keep out of the way . the look-out is shared between individuals to let the group feed safely and swim away from predators as a group . luckily , the 32-year-old was carrying his camera to snap the scene . ‘ there were four blacktip reef sharks circling the area and there was one other type of shark - a lemon shark , ’ he said . ‘ we walked along the jetty looking down at a large school of fish just beneath the jetty . ‘ we noticed a number of reef sharks patrolling the area near the jetty and as we watched the reef sharks slowly moved into the school of fish , with the fish retreating away from the immediate area around the shark . ‘ this progressed for about 15 to 20 minutes and a lemon shark joined in on the action late in the piece . ‘ it seems like the fish are well aware of the threat and are trying to keep a safer distance from it . they want to avoid being eaten ! ’ he noted that the sharks were ‘ remarkably calm’ when moving though the fish . ‘ it was certainly not what i would describe as a feeding frenzy at the time . ‘ there was an occasional swift manoeuvre to attempt to catch a fish and the sharks were successful in some of these attempts . he added : ‘ watching the continuous parting of the school of fish as each shark moved through the mass of fish was absolutely spectacular ! ’ whether fish feel fear ( illustrated by a still from the film finding nemo ' is a slippery question for scientists . some studies claim that fish feel pain , but shoaling behaviour 's thought to be purely instinctive . software engineer scott carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across the shoal of fish trying to avoid the sharks ( pictured left and right ) near a jetty . whether fish have emotions , is a slippery question for scientists , whose studies have shown that they can feel pain in an abstract way , as well as other emotions . whether fish feel fear , or simply act instinctively , they swim in large shoals that offer individuals more protection from predators than going it alone . shifts in the shape of the shoal is thought to be driven by feeding , travelling and avoiding predators . it’s thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators’ jaws , because they confuse larger creatures . proposed in 1978 , the ‘ predator confusion effect’ is based on the idea that it becomes difficult for predators to pick out individual prey from groups because the many moving targets create a sensory overload of the predator 's visual channel – a theory that’s been proved in the wild and in computer simulations . there is also a theory that fin movements made by a shoal overlap to mimic waves created by a larger animal , perhaps to dissuade a predator from attacking . it’s possible that if one shark was found among the shoal ( pictured ) and others around it , they could act collectively to corral a shoal for a quick meal . the fact that there are many fish in a shoal means they have many eyes to scan an area for predators and keep out of the way . the look-out is shared between individuals to let the group feed safely and swim away from predators as a group . it’s possible that if one shark was found among the shoal and others around it , they could act collectively to corral a shoal . this behaviour isn’t common in sharks , but dolphins have been shown to surround and herd fish as a group , while individuals take it in turns to swim through the shoal , eating unlucky members . corralling is a method where fish are chased to shallow water where they are more easily captured and atlantic bottlenose dolphins even chase fish onto mud banks for an easy meal . in the shark world , thresher sharks use their long tails to stun shoaling fish . before striking they confine lots of fish in a small space by swimming round them , and then splash then strike them with the upper lobe of the tail to stun them .