the girlfriend of a british man who bled to death in thailand after injuring himself kicking a mirror in the bar where she works has denied having anything to do with the incident . iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with nilobon patty in a separate venue in hua hin , a resort some 125miles southwest of bangkok , shortly before his death . ms patty , 35 , also known as patty patrick , has been accused of ' indirectly causing his death ' as seeing her with another man had angered mr mackay , but claims she has done nothing wrong . tragic : iain mackay 's thai girlfriend nilobon patty , known as patty patrick , has denied any involvement in the death of the 40-year-old scot . according to ms patty , the couple had been seeing each other for three years , but that mr mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her . she claims she was not with another man , but out with friends , when an ' obviously drunk ' mr mackay appeared in the bar around 1am . tragic : mr mackay , 40 , allegedly got into a fight after discovering ms patty talking to another man . ms patty claims mr mackay , from stornoway , scotland , shouted at her , accused her of laughing at him , after which she decided to go home . police informed her of mr mackay 's incident in her place of work the next day , she told the daily record . ' i was told that iain had gone there at 3am looking for me and i was n't there , ' she told the paper . ' people have been phoning me and making threats and saying i should leave hua hin . but i have done nothing wrong , ' ' i do n't know why anyone would say that i had anything to do with iain 's death . that is not true . it was just a terrible accident . ' thai police said mr mackay was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass at a pool bar near to the venue where he had spotted ms patty and the mystery man . friends of mr mackay say that had posted links to his ms patty 's facebook page on the evening of his incident which showed her pictured with another man . onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the pool shop but they were unable to save him . he later died in hospital . officials said that no crime had been committed . location : the resort where mr mackay died is in hua hin - a coastal city 125 miles south of bangkok . arguement : mr mackay bled to death after getting into a furious row at a bar in hua hin city . one friend said : ' iain was obviously upset and referred to the woman who seemed to be his own girlfriend and a mystery man as lovers . ' mr mackay , an underwater research specialist , is believed to have been employed by seismic research company polarcus , which is based in dubai . sources at the company confirmed that mr mackay was on leave from his vessel and had told colleagues that he planned to spend his time off in thailand . thai officials said that mr mackay had died at 3pm on saturday but relatives claim that they were told of his death on friday . the foreign office also confirmed that mr mackay had died on friday . a spokesman said : ' we can confirm the death of a british national in hua hin , thailand , on april 3 . we are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time . '