adam federici will put his wembley blunder behind him when reading take on birmingham in the sky bet championship , according to manager steve clarke . the australian goalkeeper let a tame alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . it was a cruel blow for federici , who had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves , but reading boss clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back . adam federici fails to alexis sanchez 's shot from crossing the line at wembley on saturday evening . the reading goalkeeper struggles to contain his emotions after his side 's fa cup semi-final defeat . ' it 's the life of a goalkeeper , ' clarke told reading player . ' adam was obviously very upset because he feels responsible for the defeat . ' it 's much better in a game like that , that if you have to lose you lose to a moment of brilliance . that was n't the case . ' as i said after the game , we win together , we lose together . adam is a strong character . all the players are 100 per cent behind him , the staff are 100 per cent behind him - he 'll bounce back . ' on wednesday night when we play birmingham , he 'll be typical adam federici - one of our best players . ' federici will come up against an in-form striker in the shape of clayton donaldson . the 31-year-old former brentford frontman is among the favourites to be named blues ' player of the year after hitting 15 goals this season , and manager gary rowett admits he is ' almost undroppable ' . reading boss steve clarke has backed federici to bounce back against birmingham in the championship . ' he 's been brilliant , ' rowett told the club website . ' he 's got a little bit of everything . he 's decent in the air , he 's got very good pace , he holds the ball up well for others , he 's got a little bit of physicality and he scores goals . ' i think he 's been as good as any striker in this division and i think we 're very lucky to have him . i think he 's the reason why we 've got some very good players like lee novak , wes thomas and nikola zigic , who have not played very much . ' i feel sorry for them but the reason is clayton at the moment has been almost undroppable with his recent performances . ' 