a white german shepard puppy named lt.dan from south carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle . on monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet . ' he 's just like me ! , ' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt. dan . the dog 's original owner karen riddle said that lt. dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized . missing their feet : of the nine pups in the litter , lt. dan , named for the character in forest gump who lost his legs , was the only one missing a paw and sapphyre johnson had to have her feet amputated . on monday , the nine-week-old puppy lt. dan without a paw found a new home with sapphyre johnson , a toddler who lost both of her feet . just like me ! : sapphyre and lt. dan made fast friends on monday and the two will grow up together at sapphyre 's family 's home in tennesee . greenville online reports that the puppy was named after a character in the film forest gump who lost both of his legs . fellow breeders suggested to riddle when lt. dan was born that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live . but riddle did n't buy it . when the hound grew a little , riddle was determined to find a home for him with someone with special needs . because her father was a shriner she called shriners hospital to see if there was a special needs child or wounded veteran who might want a pet in their home . sapphyre , who is from tennessee , has been in the hospital ever since she was just three-months-old . ' when i was seven months pregnant , they did an ultra sound and told us she may be missing some fingers and toes , ' said sapphyre’s mother , ashley johnson . ' they do n't know what caused it , ' she said . different : lt.dan was the only one out of nine puppies who was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner that he be put down . brilliant idea : rather than kill lt. dan because he was different , his original owner karen riddle suggested that he be placed in a home with a wounded veteran or special needs child . playing and learning : ' in the future , i could see sapphyre at her first show-and-tell in school and she could bring in her dog and explain about her dog and herself , ' said an employee at shriners hospital . shriners gives prosthetics and orthopedic services to children under 18 no matter what their family 's income is . ' she had just two really long toes on each foot . and when she was 1 , we had them amputated so she could be fitted for prosthetics , ' said sapphyre 's mother . shriners even suggested prosthetic leg could be made for lt.dan when he grows large enough . when sapphyre saw a picture of her new puppy she knew that she had to have him and she felt an instant connection . ' the first time i showed her a picture of the dog , she looked at it for a moment , and she said , `` that 's my puppy . he 's just like me , '' ' said elaine hardin who works at shriners . best friends : sapphyre and lt. dan only just met but from the looks of it they are already best friends . ' he 's a special dog and he 's going to a special child . ' hardin told greenville online that the dog will help sapphyre make friends and will also help her to explain her disability to other kids . ' in the future , i could see sapphyre at her first show-and-tell in school and she could bring in her dog and explain about her dog and herself , ' hardin said . ' everybody loves dogs and they 'll want to know about her dog that 's special like her . ' on monday saphyyre was so happy to have her new puppy . ' lt . dan , lt. dan , ' she called out to her new furry friend . the puppy felt so at home with his new owners that it fell asleep in the car as sapphyre made her way home to tennessee with her family . right at home : the puppy felt so at home with his new owners that it fell asleep in the car as sapphyre made her way home to tennessee with her family . 