the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher , above . it could be time to dust off the turntables as vinyl records are revealed to be enjoying a startling revival . last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . sales are expected to hit two million this year and , in recognition of this trend , the uk’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established . the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher , 47 . seemingly earning himself a reputation as the most popular artist on vinyl , gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format , with oasis’s 1995 offering ( what’s the story ) morning glory ? . perhaps proof that good music is timeless , classic releases by led zeppelin , pink floyd and david bowie have all also landed among the current top tens . the official vinyl charts have been released today by the official charts company to mark record store day , which seeks to celebrate independent record stores , and will be available on their website . martin talbot , official charts company chief executive , said : ‘ with vinyl album sales up by almost 70 percent already this year , vinyl junkies could well have snapped up two million units by the end of this year – an extraordinary number , if you consider sales were one-tenth of that just six years ago . this growth underlines the continuing resurgence of this much-loved format , whether you’re a fan of arctic monkeys , noel gallagher , led zeppelin or david bowie . ’ arctic monkeys took the top spot for the biggest selling vinyl album of the decade with their fifth and most recent album am ( lead singer alex turner above ) . last year saw almost 1.3million vinyl albums sold , compared to 56million cds and just under 6,000 cassette tapes . although this only made up 1.5 percent of all album sales , it is the largest number since 1995 , when the figure was slightly over 1.4million compared to less than 40million cds and 24million tapes . while still a way off the all-time high of 92million vinyl lps sold in 1975 , by breaking through the one million mark , 2014 showed a clear improvement on 2007’ s low point of 205,000 . vinyl was the most popular format for music until 1985 , when it was overtaken by cassettes . while the mainstream charts are dominated by contemporary releases , the first vinyl charts see older music also competing for places . in the album chart , led zeppelin’s physical graffiti , which reached number one when it was released in 1975 , claim second place behind gallagher . four symbols , the band’s release from four years earlier also comes in at number ten . the singles chart reveals the same trend , with david bowie’s 1975 track young americans coming in third . the new figures have also revealed the most popular albums and singles of the decade . david bowie’s life on mars , love me do by the beatles and lady gaga’s telephone take the top three spots in the singles chart , with paul weller and morrissey filling out the top five . in the listing of the biggest selling albums of the decade , pink floyd make two appearances in the top five with the dark side of the moon and the endless river . arctic monkeys take the top spot with their fifth and most recent album am .