not all turtles can swim , said florida wildlife officials this week after beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean . there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . abc reports that while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators , tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle . tortoise : tortoises ca n't swim , said florida wildlife officials this week after people tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean to protect them from beach predadtors . according to the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission , all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other . it 's important to know that you should never attempt to relocate gopher tortoise adults , juveniles or hatchlings if you happen to see one near a beach , ' the commission said in statement on friday . the commission also said that one can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a tortoise by looking at the animal 's feet . gopher tortoises have toes with claws on each toe and sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws on each fore flipper . ' to distinguish gopher tortoises from sea turtles , simply inspect their limbs from a distance : gopher tortoises have toes , with claws on each toe . sea turtles have flippers with only one or two claws present on each fore flipper , ‘ said the statement . abc reports that gopher tortoises are protected by florida law and sea turtles are on florida 's endangered species or threatened survival list . whether people see a tortoise or sea turtle , they should not interfere with the animal 's natural behavior unless they are a wildlife professional , said the commission . sea turtles : sea turtles are able to swim , but florida wildlife officials warn that people should not throw baby turtles in the ocean because they may be of a species that can not swim . 