technology shows such as the annual e3 games conference in los angeles have become known for their scantily clad ' booth babes ' designed to attract people to stands . however , a dutch firm has taken a slightly different approach for its london event . transip hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in shoreditch . scroll down for video . the robots were originally created by walker for a show called ' peepshow ' . the dancers , which cost around £2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by british artist giles walker , with their moves controlled by a computer . the robots were originally created in 2012 by walker for a show called ' peepshow ' . ' we are now all living in a peepshow . ' continually being watched by mechanical peeping toms on every street corner , ' he said . ' with this in mind , i wondered if it was possible to literally make a cctv camera sexy using simple mechanics ... and by using the imagery of a pole dancer question the roles played in voyeurism . the robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event , along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry . ' could this pile of old windscreen wipers and odd pieces of metal become something sexual ... . ' ' inspiration centraal ' - the free event hosted by dutch hosting company transip - has so far seen more than 3,500 technology enthusiasts attend to hear talks from some of london 's most successful startup entrepreneurs , including mindcandy founder michael acton-smith and ' gaming industry godfather ' ian livingstone . the eight day event , was been staged to celebrate the uk launch of dutch vps , hosting and domain name company transip . the dancers , which cost around £2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by british artist giles walker , with their moves controlled by a computer . ' we chose shoreditch and tech city quite deliberately as our new home , as we are a fan of london 's growing stature as an international technology hub , but frankly our expectations have been exceeded by the level of engagement we 've experienced from the startup community in this beautiful city , ' said transip ceo jeroen hüpscher . ' we 've been blown away by the reaction to our event , the level of attendance and the infectious enthusiasm for building a vibrant and successful startup ecosystem . the robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event , along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry .