raheem sterling will escape a club punishment after the liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . the england international is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ‘ hippy crack’ . rodgers questioned sterling’s professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends . liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . it has been a chastening week for sterling . pictures were published on sunday of him smoking a shisha pipe and a different set of images surfaced on tuesday of sterling and team-mate jordon ibe at a shisha cafe in london . the pictures are believed to have been taken last september . liverpool offered no comment on those photos . the club maintain the matter will be dealt with internally but he is not going to be fined . sterling enraged liverpool after saying in a bbc interview that he was ‘flattered’ to be linked with arsenal . it is understood , however , that arsenal have gone cold on sterling , who scored in liverpool’s 2-0 win over newcastle on monday . all talks about his future have been put on hold until the end of the campaign but ian ayre , liverpool’s chief executive , issued a strong line yesterday , insisting that sterling — who has turned down a contract in the region of £100,000 per week — would be at anfield for a ‘ long time’ . ayre said : ‘raheem’s agent has asked that we park all discussions regarding his future until the summer . we respect that . raheem is a liverpool player and has two years left on his contract . we expect raheem sterling to be here for a long time . ’ it appears that sterling and ibe have a shisha pipe apiece and are also drinking fanta . sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' . sterling celebrates after scoring liverpool 's opening goal in monday night 's 2-0 win over newcastle united . sterling celebrates with ibe after scoring in monday night 's premier league match at anfield . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was due to speak to sterling to remind him of his responsibilities . 