a chicago single mother has revealed what it 's really like to live on mcdonald 's wages , where she makes only $ 10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement . adriana alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having worked for mcdonald 's for five years . alvarez is a leader with fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . she said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest . scroll down for video . single mother adriana alvarez , 22 , has revealed what it 's really like to live on mcdonald 's wages , where she makes only $ 10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement in chicago . alvarez ( pictured with her three-year-old son manny ) says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having word for mcdonald 's for five years . the mother revealed in a column for refinery29 that the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a ' decent place to live ' with good schools for her three-year-old son manny . ' when it rains , water steeps into the apartment , ' alvarez writes of her basement home , the only place she said she can afford . ' this wetness brings mold , and i ca n't get rid of the smell . we can’t even leave anything on the floor ... toys or anything else on the floor may get ruined when the water comes in . ' alvarez said that , after paying for ' child care , transportation to work , food , rent , and our other basic expenses , ' she can never afford to give anything else to her son . ' every time i think about taking manny somewhere fun , like to a movie , i have to think about whether we can really afford the gas , ' she writes . the mother said even providing the specific milk her son , who drinks ' a half-gallon every two days ' , requires because of his lactose intolerance can be a struggle . since it 's a more expensive brand , it uses up most of the $ 80 alvarez is allotted in food stamps , she told the new york times . alvarez said her situation is not unique . she said that most of her co-workers are ' in the same boat ' , forced to rely on government assistance ' no matter how long they 've held their jobs ' . according to one study cited in business insider , half of the nation 's fast food workers require some kind of government assistance , costing taxpayers $ 7billion a year . alvarez is a leader with fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . she said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees began protesting . last year more than 100 mcdonald 's employees , including alvarez , who were part of fight for $ 15 were arrested after they protested a mcdonald 's shareholder meeting to demand the $ 15 an hour wage . and $ 1.2billion of that public assistance goes to employees of mcdonald 's annually , reported a study released by the national employment law project . just weeks ago , mcdonald 's announced that it would be giving a $ 1 pay raise for about 90,000 employees , effectively making their wage $ 10 an hour . but the raise only applies to employees who work in restaurants owned by the corporation . restaurants operated by independent franchise workers were ineligible for the wage bump , which alvarez said disqualifies nine out of 10 mcdonald 's employees . and , even for those who do get an increased wage , alvarez argues that the number would ' hardly going to lift any working family out of poverty ' . and higher wages are n't all alvarez and her co-workers are fighting for . she said fight for $ 15 is also protesting for the ability to form a union ' without interference from management ' . a group of protesters in new york stage a die-in as part of a day of rallies and protests by fast-food workers known as ' fight for $ 15 on april 15 ' . fight for $ 15 ( pictured protesting on wednesday ) started two years ago in new york , when hundreds of fast food workers went on strike the day after thanksgiving . alvarez writes that she needs a union to help negotiate sick days , which she said she is currently not provided with , costing her a day 's worth of wages when she has to stay home if her son is ill . fight for $ 15 started two years ago in new york city , when hundreds of fast food workers went on strike the day after thanksgiving . the movement staged rallies across the country yesterday in honor of ' fight for $ 15 on april 15 ' . last year more than 100 mcdonald 's employees , including alvarez , who were part of fight for $ 15 were arrested after they protested a mcdonald 's shareholder meeting to demand a wage raise . there has been some change . seattle and san francisco have raised the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , and a ballot campaign began in washington , d.c. this week to initiate the same change . but alvarez hope she will get to see change in her own life soon . ' it does n't seem right that people who work with children or who serve food are n't paid enough to support their own kids or put food on their own table , ' she writes . ' we want our families to be able to look forward to a better future . ' there has been some change . seattle and san francisco have raised the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , and a ballot campaign began in washington , d.c. this week to initiate the same change .