there will be calls for england to get rid of alastair cook and jonathan trott on the back of their failures here but i think they should both play all three tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made . we are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal test records who have done it against australia in the past and , with good players like that , you do not jettison them easily . cook , for instance , will end up with one of the greatest of all england records and you have to give people of that calibre every possible chance to show they are worth a place . jonathan trott ( left ) and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies . trott walks past cook after he was dismissed for just four runs by jerome taylor on day three . i said after the first day of this test that england’s top order was a bit one-paced which could be an issue but that does not mean i think they should be dropped unless there is conclusive evidence they are in decline . england’s new opening pair have very different issues . trott will have played all sorts of mind games with himself ahead of this game , telling himself to enjoy it and trying to forget how people perceive him after leaving australia . he will have desperately tried not to build this test up too much but , once out in the middle , he will have known how important it is . you could see how frenetic he was and how much he was moving at the crease . when you are nervous and desperate to do well your movements can become exaggerated as emotion takes hold . he has got to tell himself to stay still at the crease . the trott i remember was almost jacques kallis-like in how still he was . if it were not for his scratching around you wouldn’t notice him . the trott i remember would get to 70 before you knew it and we can’t judge his comeback on a test where he has received good deliveries in both innings . trott was making his first test appearance for england in 18 months against the west indies . he has to tell himself to calm down , stay still and chill a bit at the crease and it will be hard because the duke ball is swinging and he is not accustomed to being an opener . he has been at three his whole career . if he does not make runs in the next two tests and england are convinced he won’t be able to become the player he was then that is the time to have a look at someone else . not now . the captain , in contrast , has a technical issue . cook is mentally one of the strongest cricketers england have ever produced , an incredible fighter and an incredible bloke who has such a burning desire to prove people wrong . trott leaves the field in antigua following his poor showing on day three of the first test . yes , form is a concern — he hasn’t scored an international century in two years but this is a man who reached 25 test hundreds in record time . and it is true to say he has been found out . cook based his game around three shots — the cut , the pull and clip off the hip — and he would get lots of runs . now opponents are bowling at him in the areas he doesn’t want them to and he has a problem when the ball is moving . but the swinging ball is not a new phenomenon , especially to an opener brought up in england , and cook has to score runs against the moving ball now if he is going to prolong his test career . trott was very much in the mould of south africa batsman jacques kallis ( above ) when he was on form . cook has now gone 61 combined test and odi innings without making a century . west indies will be very disciplined for an hour but their third seamer is jason holder . this is not australia . if cook can just sit in , be a bit more disciplined outside off stump and see off that new ball then the run-making opportunities will come . bowlers will get bored before he does . it is not that he can not score when the ball is pitched up . you don’t score 8,423 test runs without being able to play off the front foot . of course he can . but in his first 10 or 15 minutes he is pushing too hard at the ball rather than letting it come to him . these are both exceptional players and you are always a better player when you are out of a side . it takes a long time to make a test player —don’t discard them until you are absolutely sure the time is right .