these century-old photos offer a rare glimpse of some of beijing’s most popular tourist attractions at a time when they barely had any foreign tourists and no one had ever heard of a selfie . they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty – and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors . the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year . scroll down for video . photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors . a man casually poses for a photo while standing next to a large statue of a lion at beijing's yonghe temple . a visitor stands alone at the temple of heaven , where emperors of the ming and qing dynasties held heaven worship ceremonies . this photo was taken at the pavilion outside the church of the saviour , which was established early in the 18th century . the extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs and riding on boats at the summer palace . the origin of the photos is not known . some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion , a camel and a horse . long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through , no selfie sticks and no smog in sight . a man poses next to a giant stone statue at the western qing tombs , where more than 75 members of the royal family are buried . the nine-dragon wall at beihai park was built in 1402 and features the legendary creatures on both sides . guozijian , known as the national school or beijing imperial college , was the highest seat of learning during four chinese dynasties . today , these steps at the temple of heaven , a cluster of religious buildings in central beijing , are crowded with visitors . four emperors and their empresses are buried at the western qing tombs , nearly 100 miles south-west of beijing . a boy poses in between stone statues of animals at the western qing tombs , which has four royal mausoleums . some of the subjects in the photographs – taken mostly in beijing – offer wide smiles , while others pose with blank expressions . it’s possible that some were wary of the camera’s lens , as there was once a belief by some in china that a photo could capture a person’s soul . the images offer an enchanting glimpse into china’s last imperial era , which ended in 1911 . the western qing tombs contain tombs for the yongzheng emperor , jiaqing emperor , daoguang emperor and guangxu emperor . only some of the subjects in the photos offered a smile ; there was once a belief that a photograph could capture a person 's soul . the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by millions . this man is pictured in several of the century-old photographs ; this snap was taken during a visit to the western qing tombs . long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation , there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight . some of the beijing-area attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now unesco world heritage sites . a group of men pass under a bridge while navigating a stream at the summer palace , a unesco world heritage site . a foreign tourist stands next to monuments at the foot of beijing 's yuquan mountain , with a horse and cart parked nearby . beijing 's summer palace is regarded as the largest and most well-preserved royal park in china , with a collection of gardens and lakes . beijing has become such a popular destination for holidaymakers that the forbidden city announced last year that it would limit the number of visitors . the former imperial palace in the heart of beijing attracts more than 14 million visitors every year , according to chinese state media . some of the attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now unesco world heritage sites , including the forbidden city , summer palace and temple of heaven .