six soldiers have finally been put to rest in a cemetery - more than 100 years after they were killed in the first months of world war one . the soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony which included the hymn jerusalem in flanders fields , belgium , this morning . little has been discovered about the soldiers , as no relatives have been found , and their graves will be labelled as ‘ known unto god’ - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers , which was chosen by author rudyard kipling . honoured : soldiers carry the casket of a british world war i soldier during a reburial ceremony at prowse point cemetery in belgium . ' known unto god ' : the identities of the six soldiers - who were found buried in a farmer 's field nearby - are unknown . uniforms : while their names will remain unknown , four of the six soldiers regiments were identified thanks to their uniforms . ceremony : soldiers fold the flag on the casket of a british soldier , who was killed in october 1914 in belgium . however , their uniforms gave a little hint at who the men had been in life : two served with the king’s own lancaster regiment and two with the lancashire fusiliers - which both sent soldiers to attend this morning 's service . the bodies of the six soldiers were discovered in a farmer 's field in comines-warneton , near le touquet in belgium , in 2008 and 2010 . it is thought they had been given a field burial after they were killed in october 1914 , near the city of ypres . the area was one of the key battlegrounds at the start of the war , due to its position on belgium 's north coast , and would continue to be so throughout the four year conflict . the first battle of ypres , however , raged from october 19 to november 22 , leaving 7,960 british soldiers dead , 29,562 wounded , and 17,873 missing , according to militaryhistory.com . the soldiers were laid to rest in prowse point military cemetery , which was used from november 1914 to april 1918 , and has the graves of 225 commonwealth soldiers from the first world war . respect : soldiers carry the hats of the pallbearers during a reburial ceremony in prowse point cemetery , south of ypres . history : the cemetery started being used in november 1914 , and now has more than 200 graves of commonwealth soldiers . reburied : it is thought the soldiers were given a field burial during the first chaotic months of the war . thousands : there are around 187,000 graves from the first world war that bear the ‘ known unto god’ inscription . the bodies of about 60 soldiers of all nationalities are found each year , buried across europe , and there are around 187,000 graves from the first world war that bear the ‘ known unto god’ inscription . a year ago , 20 soldiers were buried after they were discovered as building work began to construct a prison where the battle of loos took place in september 1915 . on that occasion , one of the soldiers was able to be indentified : private william mcaleer , from the 7th battalion the royal scottish fusiliers . final salute : former soldiers pay their respects at prowse point cemetery on thursday , april 16 . music : british drum major paul ingleton plays the last post during the reburial service , which took place at 10am . reflections : soldiers travelled from the uk to ensure the men got the final farewell they deserved .    