from a rusting ferris wheel to a train rendered barely visible due to overgrown weeds , this japanese theme park has n't heard the happy screams of visiting children in a very long time . in its heyday , kejonuma leisure land , in tohoku , japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors . with an amusement park , campsite and driving range , the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors , attributed to japan 's low birth rate and economic collapse . a rusting ferris wheel perfectly captures the eerie remains of the abandoned japanese theme park , kejonuma leisure land . today , the deserted merry-go-round and other relics of a bygone era are tourist attractions in their own right . urban explorer florian seidel , 38 , visited the creepy location , which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse , to document the extent of the site 's ongoing dereliction . looking at his images , it 's hard to believe that the park , which opened in 1979 , once attracted 200,000 visitors annually from around the country . kansai-based photographer , seidel , said of his project : ' exploring kejonuma leisure land was an amazing experience , it turned out to be one of the most underrated abandoned places i have ever visited . ' florian seidel , a kensai-based photographer , visited the site in 2014 to capture the park 's ongoing dereliction . other abandoned amusement parks have been ' photographed to death , ' says seidel , who felt as though there was plenty to see . in its heyday , the theme park in tohoku , japan , attracted approximately 200,000 visitors per year from around the country . the resort , which included an amusement park , campsite and driving range officially closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors . while most photographers who visit the site focus on the looming ferris wheel , seidel quickly realised that there was far more to see . ' everything there had the right amount of natural decay with no signs of vandalism ' he explained . ' it looked like time just forgot about it , despite the fact that it is located right next to a public road . ' other locations , especially abandoned amusement parks , have been photographed to death , but at kejonuma leisure land , i had the feeling that i was still exploring the place , constantly finding new things to take pictures of . ' today , the broken down remains of the park are tourist attractions in their own right , with many of urban photographers keen to take snaps . most photographers who visit , focus on the looming ferris wheel , but seidel quickly realised that there was far more to see . seidel refers to kejonuma leisure land as ' one of the most underrated abandoned places ' that he has ever visited . several pair of shoes have been left behind inside the park , as well as plates , notepads and boxes . according to the japan times , the theme park was built next to the site of the ' pond of the ghost woman ' , an ancient myth which is claimed could have been factor in its untimely closure . the subject of the folklore is said to be a beautiful damsel , who supposedly lived near a pond in the area well-known for its abundance of snakes . one day the woman gave birth to a baby in the form of a snake , which slithered away into the pond , where its cries could be heard every night . despite the fact that the theme park is located next to a very public road , there has been very little vandalism on the property . according to japanese folklore , the park was built next to the site of the ' pond of the ghost woman ' and is said to be jinxed . some even attribute the myth as a factor as to the park 's untimely demise , though others believe the closure was due to economic issues . according to the story , a beautiful damsel is said to have given birth to a baby in the form of a snake , which slithered away into the pond . according to legend , the young mum was driven mad by her serpent baby 's incessant moans , eventually committing suicide in the pond . allegedly , she cursed the area upon her death - an intriguing story that only adds to the ' eerie mystique ' of this fascinating site . driven mad by her serpent baby 's incessant moans , the young mum committed suicide by jumping in the pond , cursing the site upon her death . seidel said : ' a lot of japanese people , especially women , are quite superstitious , so if that urban legend would have had any impact , i do n't think the park would have been in business for 21 years ; it would have been bankrupt within months . ' although it 's an intriguing tale and only adds to the eerie mystique of this fascinating site . '