wanted : police in maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor alexander soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography . police in maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor who has been charged with possessing child pornography . the montgomery county police department said friday that alexander soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts . soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography , after which police say the georgian national fled the country . an investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a maryland karate studio where he was co-owner and instructor . officials say the videos were taken before october 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges . according to montgomery county police , the 26-year-old , a native of tbilisi , georgia , fled the us after confessing to the crimes . a warrant has been issued for the arrest of the bethesda resident . according to a press release put out by the montgomery county police friday , in december 2014 , the agency was tipped off by colleagues in south dakota that a maryland resident was uploading child pornography . vile acts : police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher ( far right ) molesting boys at the on the mat sports international in chevy chase , formerly known as dc martial arts . fugitive : the tbilisi , georgia , native admitted to trading child pornography videos earlier this month . two days after his interview with police , he fled , possibly returning to his native country . armed with court orders , detectives in maryland were able to obtain subscription information corresponding to the suspect , which led them to soumbadze . on april 1 , 2015 , police executed a search warrant at soumbadze’s home in bethesda , seizing several electronic devices that yielded eight pornographic videos featuring children . other recordings recovered by police allegedly showed the suspect molesting boys at his karate studio on wisconsin avenue in chevy chase . soumbadze has been affiliated with the on the mat sports international karate studio , formerly known as dc martial arts , since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student . during an interview with police , the 26-year-old sensei admitted to trading and receiving child porn . close ties : soumbadze has been affiliated with karate studio ( pictured ) since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student . two days after soumbadze was questioned by police , he fled the country , possibly returning to his native georgia . police spokeswoman rebecca innocenti told bethesda magazine that georgia has an extradition treaty with the us , but their goal now is to complete the investigation and identify the victims in the videos before setting the diplomatic process in motion . in a profile of the on the mat studio in february , soumbadze told bethesdanow.com that his parents , both georgian diplomats , brought him to the us when he was 5 years old . he graduated from bethesda-chevy chase high school in 2006 . 