jurgen klopp would be ideally suited for the manchester city manager 's job , according to former germany international dietmar hamann . the 47-year-old announced on wednesday he will be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven successful years at the bundesliga club . and there will undoubtedly be a number of leading european clubs interested in securing his services , including the defending premier league champions . jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years . former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there . manuel pellegrini could be on his way out at manchester city following a poor season . city are set to end the season trophyless and manuel pellegrini could be on his way out . former city midfielder hamann believes that klopp has ' more right to take over the job than pellegrini ever had . ' he told talksport : ' what klopp has done at dortmund is second to none . if there is a shortlist at city , he should be up there . ' he is very well respected , he is articulate , and he speaks very good english . he does n't hold back - he says what he thinks . ' there are no guarantees with anyone but he deserves a shot at a top club in any country . ' he has got the fire , because he is a bit younger than pellegrini , to make him aware of what is at stake every weekend . an emotional klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager . klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around europe , including city and real madrid . klopp won the bundesliga title twice during his seven years as dortmund manager . bundesliga 2010-11 , 2011-12 . german cup 2011-12 . dfl-supercup 2013 , 2014 . t-home supercup 2008 . uefa champions league runner-up 2012-13 . german manager of the year 2011 , 2012 . klopp 's record at dortmund . pld 309 w 175 d 67 l 67 win % 56.63 . ' you have got to have a relationship with the players these days or you wo n't succeed and he will be very good at that . ' he will be very good at getting players and people on board and that is why i think he would be a success . ' as i said , there are no guarantees anywhere , but i thnk he has got more right to take over manchester city than pellegrini ever had . ' klopp won two bundesliga titles and the german cup during his seven years at the westfalenstadion , as well as taking them to the final of the champions league in 2013 . but he will step down in late june and seek a new challenge following a testing campaign in which dortmund have flirted with relegation . they are currently 10th in the table having recovered their form but are 37 points behind rivals bayern munich . klopp has also been touted as carlo ancelotti 's replacement at real madrid , but hamann , who also played for bayern munich , newcastle united , liverpool and bolton , believes there is only one place he should go . he said : ' his style of management and his style of play would suit england a lot better than it would italy and spain . the emotion was clear to see as klopp announced he was leaving the club at a wednesday press conference . ' i do n't think he is a manager for real madrid because most weekends he likes to wear his tracksuit , and i ca n't see a real madrid manager standing on the touchline wearing a tracksuit . ' most big jobs in england are taken , so man city might be the obvious move . i 'd like to see him here . ' 