following raheem sterling 's interview on wednesday , in which he said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool , blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside . while i hate to use social media as a gauge of opinions , raheem sterling’s interview didn’t go down well at all . it was ill-timed and , regardless of what sterling and his agent hoped , he didn’t come across very well . some of his answers only fuelled the fire really . i’m hoping that that wasn’t the whole point , as we’ve seen these sorts of situations engineered by agents before . the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him . there will be a lot of fans that are of the opinion : ‘ let him go’ . obviously , with the caveat that we get our money’s worth ! raheem sterling returns to liverpool training after the international break and shakes hands with manager brendan rodgers . sterling risked angering liverpool fans after he said in an interview he was not ready to sign a contract . sterling trains ahead of the weekend 's game with arsenal . it’s always disappointing when a young player gets his head turned , but there’s a sense of ungratefulness about the whole situation , considering how the club has nurtured him and paid him well throughout . personally , i think he has the potential to be worth so much more than the £100,000-a-week contract he’s turned down . but it’s only that : potential . at present , he’s arguably in the top five best young players in the world but , obviously at his age , he’s also prone to bouts of inconsistency and prolonged poor form . he hasn’t been great recently and was awful against man utd . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend . raheem sterling played for england in the 4-0 euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania . and while i’d be willing to see the club give him £100k a week – possibly £120k a week - the club shouldn’t do everything it can to keep him . definitely not . liverpool fans have a popular mantra : no player is bigger than the club . admittedly , we stretch the rules for truly great players ( suarez , a recent example ) but sterling is nowhere near . if he wants out , i’m sure the club will handle it the way they have before . frustration over sterling’s situation has been building for a while , and many fans are now of the belief that if he wants to go he’s welcome to . personally , i don’t like players holding the club to ransom . he has as much chance of winning trophies here as he does anywhere ( other than money-rich clubs such as chelsea or man city ) . sterling did not have his best game in a liverpool shirt during the defeat at manchester united . liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club . if sterling was to move to arsenal then it would not go down well with liverpool fans . but if he does end up going , he’s worth a lot more than many established players . his ability is so raw but he has almost limitless potential . at the moment , we’ve seen it in fits and starts but even so , he’s easily worth £25-30 million . if i was fsg , i’d hold any interested club to ransom , though – double it . but a move to arsenal wouldn’t go down well . perhaps better than if it was chelsea or manchester united , but honestly there’s little arsenal can offer that we can’t . sure , they’re more financially stable but what – in terms of trophies – do arsenal have to show for the last 12 years ? sterling speaks to the bbc and reveals he is not ready to sign a new contract . i think we’re somewhat ahead on that front . much like alexis sanchez , any move to arsenal will be more about location than anything else . people have drawn comparisons with when suarez wanted to leave for arsenal , but the situation is different . suarez says he wanted champions league football and we weren’t offering that at that time . not only that , but suarez was an established top-class player at the time , one of the best in the world . sterling is purely potential and , given all the club have done for him ( cliched , as that sounds ) , it makes little sense . if he’s going to be nurtured into the world-class talent he can become , it won’t happen at arsenal . it may not necessarily happen at anfield either , but a manager like brendan rodgers will give him the best shot of improving to that level over the next two to three years . you can read more from live4liverpool here and follow the twitter account here . 