an arkansas woman became a little richer this week after finding a large diamond at crater of diamonds state park . susie clark , of evening shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband . clark , who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother , prayed to god , asking , ' are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? ' as she searched the field . susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at crater of diamonds state park in arkansas . clark named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ' hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something . and shortly after praying , clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt , according to region 8 . she named the teardrop-shaped diamond the hallelujah diamond , claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem . clark plans to keep the pinto-sized diamond , which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year . crater of diamonds state park holds the only diamond-bearing site accessible to the public , in the form of a large plowed search field . ' the gem is frosted white with a pearlescent metallic shine , ' park interpreter waymon cox told region 8 . ' it 's the largest one found since april 16 , 2014 . ' the search field had just been plowed earlier in the week because the park had seen a lot of rain , cox said . ' this regular endeavor loosens the diamond-bearing soil which , along with rain erosion , brings more diamonds to the surface and helps park visitors ' chances of finding them , ' he said . cox added : ' with all the rain we 've been seeing , along with this week 's plowing , there 's a good chance more diamonds will be found on the surface in the days to come . ' crater of diamonds state park has the only diamond-bearing site accessible to the public in the u.s. clark 's diamond was the largest of the 122 found this year on the 37.5-acre search field .