barry beavis , 48 , lost his case at the court of appeal . millions of motorists face spiralling parking fines after judges ruled yesterday that £85 was not an ' excessively high ' penalty for staying too long in a car park . barry beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine , saying it was unfair , disproportionate and unenforceable . but in a landmark ruling , appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither ' extravagant or unconscionable ' . motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision , accusing the judges – who are thought to earn more than £200,000 a year – of being ' out of touch ' . mr beavis , from chelmsford , essex , had gone to court to fight what he called the ' bullying and threatening ' private car park firms which heavily penalise motorists who overstay in parking spaces . the 48-year-old , who runs a fish and chip shop , got the £85 fine in april 2013 when he overstayed by 56 minutes in a private car park at the riverside retail park in chelmsford . the car park , run by parking firm parkingeye ltd , allowed two hours of free parking , but mr beavis stayed for three . he claimed the £85 charge against him was disproportionate and vowed to fight the companies who ' extort money by threatening and bullying people into paying up ' . but yesterday judges said the fine was enforceable because it was not ' excessively high ' . mr beavis said he was ' absolutely furious ' and planned to appeal . meanwhile motoring groups said the ruling was a victory for the parking cowboys and would open the floodgates for unscrupulous profit-hungry firms ' falling over themselves ' to ramp up the already hefty penalties they impose . ian taylor , of the alliance of british drivers , said : ' i think the judges are somewhat out of touch if they think £85 is n't extravagant . ' an £85 penalty may not seem much to a rich lawyer – it 's probably less than many charge for an hour . but for the average hard-pressed motorist trying to make ends meet , it 's a very heavy and unfair burden . ' professor stephen glaister , director of the rac foundation , said the ruling would hand parking firms a ' blank cheque ' to milk drivers , adding : ' this decision could cost motorists millions . ' if judges believe £85 is not an extravagant amount then what is ? £100 ? £200 ? our fear is that parking firms will now be falling over themselves to raise their penalty charges and punish drivers . ' mr beavis had parked his car at the riverside retail park in chelmsford , pictured above , on april 15 , 2013 , the retail site , pictured above , offers two free hours of parking and mr beavis was fined after he returned 56 minutes late . richard lloyd , executive director of consumer watchdog which ? , said : ' we are concerned that this decision waters down the law on penalty charges and may encourage excessive default charges . ' and aa president edmund king said : ' britain 's motorists really will think judges are out of touch with everyday life if they consider £85 to be a reasonable amount of money for a parking penalty . £85 may not seem much to highly paid lawyers but it represents a great deal of money to cash-strapped motorists . ' he added : ' this is a licence to print money for people who have now been handed an open cheque-book and invited to make up the figures as they like . ' speaking outside of the court of appeal mr beavis said he would now be taking the case to the supreme court . parking trap : many motorists face steep fines for running a few minutes over their allotted time . the three judges who unanimously dismissed the challenge – lord justice moore-bick , lord justice patten and sir timothy lloyd – are all thought to earn around £202,000 a year . yesterday parkingeye welcomed the judgment , saying it gave ' clarity to motorists and the parking industry ' and ' further confirms that our parking charges are fair , reasonable and legally enforceable ' . but speaking outside court , mr beavis said : ' these firms are not run on a moral basis , they 're only out to make as much money as they can , to profiteer from unsuspecting motorists . i am utterly furious and will continue the fight . ' mr beavis 's action comes after the daily mail revealed how rogue firms are making millions of pounds from fines handed to motorists who overstay – sometimes for only a few minutes – in car parks at hospitals , railway stations and shopping centres . cancer sufferers and patients whose treatments have over-run are among those who have been ripped off by the parking firms . three judges unanimously dismissed his challenge at the court of appeal , saying the amount he was charged ' is not extravagant or unconscionable ' .     