a woman who suffered stomach cramps and bleeding for two years was horrified to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix . kerry hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma , so that other women with seemingly ' everyday ' symptoms like cramps visit their gp . kerry hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years . doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix . ms hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month ( pictured ) . since her time in south africa ( pictured ) she had experienced spotting in between her periods , longer periods than normal and stomach cramps . ms hamilton , from birmingham , said : ' i 'm on a bid to raise awareness about rare cancers and the symptoms that people might ignore - without realising that it is important to listen to their body . ' the kind of cancer i had - despite it being in my cervix - would not have showed up on a smear test . ' so it 's important to visit your gp if you 're concerned about anything , as well as always going for routine tests . ' ms hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month . a week before she was due to fly home she fell violently ill with stomach cramps . she spent seven days in hospital where a local doctor told her that she was suffering with a cyst on her ovaries that had burst . leiomyosarcomas are cancers that develop in a type of muscle tissue called smooth muscle . these muscles are found in the walls of muscular organs like the heart and the stomach . they are rare and usually only affect people over the age of 50 , but they can start anywhere in the body . they most commonly start in the walls of the womb , the limbs and the digestive system . people with early leiomyosarcoma often have no symptoms . possible symptoms to develop as the cancer advances include a lump or swelling , abdominal bloating , swelling or pain and a change in menstruation . source : macmillan cancer support . over the next two years she returned to the park to work as a guide and a ranger and later returned to the uk where she started working as an educational consultant . when she returned , she went for a routine smear test in 2011 and was given the all clear . ever since being hospitalised in south africa she had experienced spotting in between her periods , longer periods than normal and stomach cramps . by last summer these symptoms had become worse and intense pain and lots of bleeding . her gp suggested it was a hormonal problem and that she go on the contraceptive pill to try and control it . but as she was single , ms hamilton did n't see the point of using a contraceptive and felt uneasy about taking hormonal treatment . she also did n't want to ignore the signals her body was giving her , and so never took the contraceptives that were prescribed . it was only in january this year , when she was called for her next smear test , that she was finally diagnosed . the nurse due to carry out the smear said her cervix was so irritated that it was impossible to conduct the test . ms hamilton , pictured in 2009 , became aware something was seriously wrong when a nurse could n't perform a smear test on her as there was so much inflammation . doctors diagnosed ms hamilton with a leiomyosarcoma - a cancer of the soft tissue , the muscle , fat , blood vessels , or any of the other tissues that support , surround and protect the organs of the body . she then broke the devastating news that she suspected ms hamilton had cancer . after an mri scan , doctors confirmed she had leiomyosarcoma and would need a hysterectomy to save her life . a leiomyosarcoma is a cancer of the soft tissue , the muscle , fat , blood vessels , or any of the other tissues that support , surround and protect the organs of the body . ms hamilton 's was found in the walls of her cervix . only about 3,300 new cases of soft tissue cancers are diagnosed each year in the uk , and they mainly affect people over the age of 50 . ms hamilton described the shock of being told she may never be able to become pregnant naturally . ' this was going to be the year i was going to go out and meet someone and start to think about having a family . ' but now i would n't be able to carry a child . ' i could n't believe that i had cancer in my cervix for all that time . ' ms hamilton underwent a hysterectomy at just 34-and was devastated at the thought of not being able to carry a child . but she remained positive , saying ' there is somebody else going through much worse ' . she underwent egg collection so that one day she might have a child that is biologically hers . on march 19th this year she underwent the operation to remove her womb – and the tumour – and is now recovering at home . while many women would become disheartened after such an ordeal , ms hamilton said she believes . she said : ' luckily i am a naturally positive person , and i just think that there is somebody else going through something much worse than me . ' when i was finally diagnosed it was more of a relief than anything to know what was wrong . ' it was when i was told that i would need a hysterectomy that when it hit me , and i became really upset . ' even before she had cancer , ms hamilton ran the race for life for cancer research uk , and this year raising money for the charity will be more meaningful than ever . she said : ' i have done the race the last two years , and i always said i would do it every year , so this year i 'm on a mission . ' i 've already raised £1,600 which is so amazing and humbling . ' to donate to ms hamilton 's fundraising page , please visit : www.justgiving.com/kerryhamilton4 . 