the islamic state group claimed credit on saturday a bombing near the us consulate in iraq 's autonomous kurdish region a day earlier that killed two turks . ' security detachments were able to ... detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them , ' isis said in a daily audio message posted online . but the us state department said the bombing in ainkawa , near kurdish regional capital arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees . people gather at the site of a blast in arbil 's ankawa neighborhood , the capital of the autonomous kurdish region of northern iraq , on april 17 , 2015 . kurdish security forces respond to the large explosion , which can be seen in the distance . saman barzanchi , the head of the arbil health department , said saturday that two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight people wounded . officials had said friday three people were killed . an isis-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of iraq last year , and forces from the kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north . the relatively stable region has largely been spared the bombings and shootings that have plagued other parts of iraq on an almost daily basis . the last major attack was a suicide car bombing near the governor 's compound in arbil in november . islamic state also claimed responsibility for two car bombings in baghdad that killed at least 27 people on friday . ' the fighters of the islamic state detonated two car bombs in the heart of the iraqi capital this evening and a third in erbil , ' the group said via its news agency . saman barzanchi , the head of the arbil health department , said saturday that two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight people wounded . officials had said friday three people were killed , but that number was later changed to two . an isis-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of iraq last year , and forces from the kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north . last week , two bomb attacks claimed by egyptian jihadists loyal to the islamic state killed at least 14 people in the restive sinai peninsula , including 11 security personnel . ansar beit al-maqdis , which has carried out a slew of attacks in sinai since the army 's ouster of islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 , claimed responsibility . a roadside bomb attack on an army vehicle killed six soldiers and wounded two near the north sinai town of sheikh zuweid , a jihadist stronghold . ' an armoured personnel carrier for the army of the apostates was destroyed ... killing and wounding all aboard , ' ansar beit al-madqis said on a twitter account attributed to it . the military said six soldiers were killed in the attack . ' their vehicle was targeted by an explosive device placed by the extremist terrorist elements which left an officer , a sergeant , and four soldiers martyred , and two other soldiers wounded , ' it said on its facebook page . kurdish policemen stand guard at the site of a suicide bomb attack at the entrance of us consulate . kurdish policemen inspect the site of a suicide bomb attack at the entrance of us consulate . a kurdish policeman inspects a damaged car at the site of a suicide bomb . hours later a suicide car bomb targeting a police station in north sinai 's provincial capital of el-arish killed eight people and wounded 45 others , health ministry spokesman hossam abdel gaffar said . the interior ministry said in a separate statement that five policemen and a civilian were among those killed in the police station bombing , while several policemen were wounded . it said security forces fired at the vehicle before it was able to ram the police station . a police officer said the truck was loaded with explosives but covered with straw , and blew up close to the police station .