david cameron will today claim that labour 's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work after britain was singled out as one of the few ' bright spots ' in the global economy . the prime minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff , for a further five years . saying he is ' really angry ' at labour 's claim that the conservatives are ' the party for the few , not the many ' , mr cameron will hail the ' jobs miracle ' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day . david cameron will today claim that labour 's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work . contrasting that with labour 's record , he will claim ed miliband 's economic policies could see ' a million more people joining the dole queues ' . last night , in a boost for george osborne , the head of the international monetary fund picked out the uk recovery as exemplary . christine lagarde said the world was suffering from a ' moderate and uneven ' return to growth which was ' simply not good enough ' . but , in an endorsement of the government 's economic record , she cited the united states and the united kingdom as countries where the outlook is positive . the comments completed an extraordinary volte-face by the imf on the coalition 's handling of the economy . just two years ago , it warned that mr osborne was ' playing with fire ' by pressing ahead with austerity – only to see the economic recovery take off . britain was the best performing major economy in the developed world last year , with growth of 2.8 per cent . figures published by the fund also show it has overtaken socialist-run france to become the second most powerful economy in europe behind germany . however , the imf predicted britain would still be running a deficit at the end of the decade – despite tory efforts to balance the books . cameron will say if ed miliband repeated the economic mistakes of last labour government there will be a risk to jobs . mr cameron , who dismissed the projections , will today launch a conservative ' jobs manifesto ' setting out plans to bring about ' full employment ' – meaning everyone who wants a job has one . ' we are living through a jobs miracle – brought to you by a conservative government that has backed business , reformed welfare and rewarded work , ' he will say . claiming mr miliband represents a threat to jobs , he will add : ' you know what makes me really angry ? it 's when our opponents still go on about ' you tories – the party for the few and not the many… ' excuse me ? ' this is the party that 's taken three million of the lowest-paid workers out of income tax altogether ; that 's cut the taxes of 26million working people ; that 's seen 1,000 jobs created every day – jobs that are giving families security , putting food on tables , helping people out of poverty . ' under the last five years of labour , unemployment went up by 600 people a day . ' so if ed miliband repeated the economic mistakes of the last labour government – that he was a part of – he risks a million more people joining the dole queues . ' the jobs manifesto will include a guarantee to maintain the so-called ' employment allowance ' until 2020 , meaning a third of employers will continue to pay no jobs tax for another five years . the tax break , which helps smaller businesses take on new workers by freeing businesses from at least the first £2,000 of employers ' national insurance , has already been taken up by 856,000 firms . david cameron pictured on a metal platform yesterday ( left ) and john major on his soap box in 1992 ( right ) . one of the most abiding images from the 1992 general election campaign was the moment john major got on his soap box . and yesterday david cameron did the same ... but gave it a 21st century twist by taking to a folding metal platform . during a campaign stop in leeds , the prime minister raised himself above the closely packed crowd to engage in a question and answer session with employees at the o2 office in morley and outwood – the marginal constituency of shadow chancellor ed balls . major climbed onto an old fashioned soap box in cheltenham to persuade conservatives to come out and vote in 1992 , just ten days before the election . he went on to win the fourth consecutive victory for the tories – and their last outright uk majority .