the blue-eyed doctor who fled to join the islamic state is still allowed to practice medicine in australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join a terrorist cult . former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward as he urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-muslims . despite his public support for isis , dr kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in australia until september 30 because the medical board has refused to deregister him , the advertiser reports . former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh , who fled to join the islamic state , is still allowed to practice medicine in australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join the terrorist cult . the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a ' fit and proper person ' . but no action has yet been taken against dr kamleh . ' the role of the medical board of australia is to protect the public and manage risk to patients , ' the australian health practitioner regulation agency said . ' the board and ahpra are not able to comment on this matter now , as doing so could compromise any future regulatory action . ' calling himself ' abu yusuf ' , kamleh featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward . dr kamleh , who completed his medical dress at adelaide university , worked as a paediatric registrar at the adelaide women 's and children 's hospital until 2013 . he then moved to north queensland where he worked at mackay base hospital , before working in perth until late 2014 . dr kamleh appeared in the isis recruitment video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join him in the city of raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service . the video quickly went viral and caused his former medical colleagues in australia to speak out . it has emerged dr kamleh has claimed he had unprotected sex with a royal adelaide hospital patient who was a former sex worker and intravenous drug user after he checked her medical records , according to the australian . despite his public support for isis , dr kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in australia until september 30 because the medical board refused to deregister him . dr kamleh appeared in the isis recruitment video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join him in the city of raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service . he also claimed to have slept with a patient at the mannum district hospital in south australia . a former colleague who worked with dr kamleh during his stint at the royal adelaide hospital in 2010 said he was a sexually manipulative ' creep ' , a ' fraud ' and a ' sleazeball ' . they also said he had a number of sexual relationships with nurses , doctors and other hospital staff , drank to excess and had a strong interest in shooting . ' i feel reluctant to speak ill of a former colleague , but as he is now portraying himself as a jihadist and calling others to join the so-called caliphate , i feel i should , ' the colleague , who declined to be named , said . ' at the time , he was one of the most immoral people i knew , in terms of promiscuity at least . ' the doctor completed his medical degree at adelaide university and worked at various hospitals before fleeing australia on a flight to kuala lumpur last month . the vision of dr kamleh handling babies in a maternity unit is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . another ex-colleague from south australia said he had undergone a ' character transformation ' over the past year . they claimed to have heard kamleh had become ' devout ' to such an extent he considered platonic friendships with women inappropriate , and he ' thought the way he had been living was wrong ' . immigration minister peter dutton confirmed dr kamleh left the country on a flight to kuala lumpur last month . ' reports on the weekend in relation to an australian doctor going to serve in syria are deeply disturbing , ' mr dutton said . ' for a highly educated doctor to succumb to the message of this death cult is concerning to all australians . ' he could be sentenced to up to 25 years prison time if he returns to australia and is charged . a former colleague who worked with dr kamleh during his stint at the royal adelaide hospital in 2010 said he was a sexually manipulative ' creep ' , a ' fraud ' and a ' sleazeball ' . kamel could be sentenced to up to 25 years prison time if he returns to australia and is charged .  