ukip 's election campaign chief has admitted that the party sometimes resembles a ' rugby club on tour ' with members who can be ' boorish ' and ' chauvinistic ' . patrick o'flynn , who is also the party 's economics spokesman , said ukip needs to ' work harder ' as it is ' lagging ' behind with female voters . as he launched the party 's ' policies for women ' alongside the ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans and mep diane james , mr o'flynn was forced to defend its ' blokeish ' image under nigel farage . patrick o'flynn , who is also the party 's economics spokesman , said ukip needs to ' work harder ' as it is ' lagging ' behind with female voters . polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back ukip , compared to only 10 per cent of women . mr o'flynn : ' nigel has said sometimes ukip has resembled a rugby club on tour . i think that 's becoming less and less true and indeed the two top rank female politicians sitting alongside me today are two of the main reasons for that . ' but we need to work harder and there still are occasions where people in the party , men in the party , who should know better , have occasionally resorted to boorishness or chauvinism . when that happens i make sure i express my own displeasure . ' we 're a very fast-growing party , we 're increasing our attraction – it clearly is daft for us to see a political context where we 're not maximising our support in every potential group . ' and , as set out today , there is no reason why we should be lagging with female voters – we still are , we 've got to work harder on addressing those issues and we are doing . ' the event was delayed after the ukip-branded backdrop collapsed minutes before the press conference was due to begin , sparking frantic work to rebuild the set . ukip leader nigel farage is often photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer . the party used the event confirm a raft of policies , including removing vat from sanitary products , which they have dubbed a ' tampon tax ' . it also said it would give ' absolute , full and unconditional ' support for current maternity and paternity leave laws , as well as making sure maternity wards are ' properly resourced ' . ms james said the party would tackle the problem of female genital mutilation ( fgm ) , which she warned is ' accepted cultural practice ' for some of ' our ethnic compatriots ' . mrs evans , who is writing the party 's election manifesto , blamed the gap in support for ukip between men and women on ' lies ' and ' myths ' spread about the party . she said : ' i think it is because of the lies the other parties have put out about us . ' there is this myth we will scrap maternity leave , that we hate women , that we do n't do anything for women - i think diane and i are living proof . ' unfortunately the propaganda the other parties put about has hit very hard and very deep . ' suzanne evans , who is writing the party 's election manifesto , blamed the gap in support for ukip between men and women on ' lies ' and ' myths ' spread about the party . ukip mep godfrey bloom was forced out of the party in september 2013 after branding women who do not clean behind the fridge as ' sluts ' . mr farage , who was absent from the women 's event , has previously been criticised for controversial remarks about breast-feeding and whether women are less valuable to employers after they have been on maternity leave . the party leader is often photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer .