britain 's last guantanamo bay detainee shaker aamer is expected to be freed as early as june , according to us government sources . in a development which will hearten his family , officials in washington said the 48-year-old is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial . it came as the man appointed by president barack obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp said there was ‘ no sound reason’ for keeping the terror suspect locked up any longer . british guantanamo bay detainee shaker aamer ( pictured ) is expected to be freed in june , us government sources have revealed . he is pictured right and left with son michael and daughter , johninh . the 48-year-old has been held at guantanamo bay without charge for more than 13 years ( file picture of the prison ) . campaigners welcomed moves to end the scandal of saudi-born mr aamer continuing to languish in the naval base in cuba but said his detention was an ‘ affront to civilised values’ . mr aamer , who lived in south london with his wife and children , is the longest-serving uk resident in guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release , by the bush administration in 2007 , and by barack obama in 2009 . his imprisonment is embarrassing for david cameron , who said mr obama had vowed to prioritise the detainee’s release after white house talks in january . but sources in the white house said the father-of-four was expected to be one of 11 captives transferred within weeks . cliff sloan , who was the state department’s envoy dealing with prisoner transfers until last year , said : ‘ they should be moved just as promptly as possible . we are talking about people who have been at guantanamo for 12 or 13 years ... they should not be having to spend a day longer than necessary in guantanamo . ’ he said there was no sound reason for delay . officials said the transfer will take place after a 30-day notice period to congress , following a sign-off from us secretary of defense ashton carter . kat craig , legal director of reprieve , which has represented mr aamer , said : ‘ he continues to be the victim of the most extraordinary injustice , as well as daily abuses that are an affront to civilised values . ‘ any moves to return shaker to his british wife and children can not come soon enough , and should be welcomed . ’ the uk has made repeated calls since 2010 for the release of the 48-year-old , who has a british wife and four children in london . karla mclaren , of amnesty international uk , said : ‘ these reports are obviously encouraging but we’ve been here before . ‘ there have been so many false dawns over the release of shaker that we won’t believe it until a plane bringing him back actually touches down here in britain . ‘ guantanamo has always been a complete travesty of justice and whoever is in government must ensure ... shaker is returned to his family as soon as possible if he’s not going to be charged . ’ saudi-born mr aamer moved to london almost 20 years ago and married , securing leave to remain in britain . in 2001 he was detained in kabul while doing peaceful voluntary work for an islamic charity , his supporters say . he was handed to the us military for money and tortured at a secret ‘ black site’ prison . us intelligence claimed he financed al qaeda and was a key aide of osama bin laden , an accusation that he vehemently denied . despite being cleared for release , us officials are determined that he should be sent to saudi arabia , even though there are serious concerns he will face torture there . mr aamer’s lawyers allege the intention is to silence their client , who claims to have witnessed abuse in the presence of a british security official . but the foreign office welcomed president obama’s commitment to prioritise mr aamer’s case , saying : ‘ we will continue to work with the us to secure his release as a matter of urgency . ’ the daily mail has long campaigned for the closure of the inhumane guantanamo bay prison camp . the paper has also championed the release of mr aamer . pressure to explain why the london father had been incarcerated for 13 years without charge or trial ratcheted up in december amid global outrage at a us senate report into the torture of terror suspects by the cia . that month , we told how the detainee’s family had broken their silence to insist that if the 48-year-old came home he would have no hesitation in facing a british court to lay to rest grave allegations that he is a dangerous extremist . then , a day before christmas , we revealed how david miliband , when he was foreign secretary , had secretly plotted to hand mr aamer to the hardline saudi arabian authorities while leading his british family to believe he was seeking to bring him back to the uk . documents obtained by the mail show the labour government was involved in negotiations to transfer mr aamer from the camp to the arab kingdom despite fears he would be tortured . in january , leading doctors warned that 13 years in guantanamo – described as an ‘ affront to humanity’ – had destroyed mr aamer’s physical and mental health . the mail also told how he had been beaten 315 times by guards . mr aamer was sent to guantanamo bay in february 2002 after being detained in kabul , afghanistan while , his representatives claim , he was carrying out peaceful voluntary work for an islamic charity . 1996 – us-educated saudi translator shaker aamer settles in london , marries briton zin siddique . summer 2001 – mr aamer takes family to kabul and works for saudi charity . september 11 , 2001 – al qaeda terrorists attack america . november 2001 – taliban regime falls . december 24 , 2001 – mr aamer handed to us troops by northern alliance ; taken to bagram . february 14 , 2002 – mr aamer flown to guantanamo . 2004–09 – 17 other uk-based guantanamo detainees freed – but mr aamer kept at camp . us president barack obama ( pictured ) has repeatedly vowed to close the prison at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba . november 2008 – obama pledges to close guantanamo . 2007 and 2009 – mr aamer cleared by us tribunals as safe to release but he is not freed . february 2013 – foreign secretary reveals us will only allow mr aamer’s transfer to saudi arabia , not uk . december 2014 - celebrity backers including roger waters of pink floyd , tv presenter janet ellis and her singer daughter sophie ellis-bextor , and the actress juliet stevenson call for obama to secure mr aamer 's release . january 2015 - barack obama agrees to ‘prioritise’ mr aamer 's case after talks with david cameron at the white house . april 2015 - us government sources claim he is likely to be transferred to an undisclosed country over the summer .