a tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour was told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting . jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival , theo blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors . he was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor , lazzaro pietragnoli , interrupted the proceedings to tell him off . taking a stand : jonny bucknell is no stranger to odd behaviour . in 2013 he slept in his car at the tory party conference . he now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings . the mayor , who was chairing the meeting of camden council in north london , reminded the hungry councillor that eating was banned in the chamber . but the angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden and said he now aims to campaign for a rule change . the rumpus comes a month after liberal democrat councillor martin elengorn was caught playing scrabble during a richmond council budget meeting in south-west london . telling off : mayor of camden council , lazzaro pietragnoli , had to tell mr bucknell to stop eating . when he first noticed him eating , mr blackwell told his fellow councillors : ' it appears that one of our tory colleagues is consuming a full sunday roast dinner in the council chamber . ' could i ask the borough solicitor to give us advice on eating a full roast dinner in the council chamber ? it 's a little bit more than a cheeky snickers . ' the diner was forced to curtail his meal . mr bucknell , who has been a councillor for more than ten years and represents belsize , hampstead , told the evening standard : ' i never knew there was a ban on eating in the chamber . ' they should definitely repeal it . there is nothing wrong with nibbling from a lunch box if you are being discreet . ' it is not as if a cold meal is going to waft around like a mcdonald 's . ' i will be campaigning for the repealing of the law that says you ca n't nibble from a lunch box in the council chamber . ' the conservative councillor said the meal , in a plastic box , had travelled home with him after a french snowboarding holiday . ' the chalet always brought out too much food and i ca n't stand wasting food , ' he said . he previously found fame when he slept in his volvo car to save on hotel bills during the conservative party conference in september 2013 . mr bucknell said at the time it was to make a stand against what he called ' ridiculous prices ' . he said the economy would improve if more people were thrifty like him . after the council meeting mayor lazzaro pietragnoli said : ' i understand councillors do a difficult job and sometimes do n't get time to eat dinner . ' i also tend to be quite flexible , but having a big meal in front of him - that was a bit too much . ' a camden council spokesman said : ' it is as the mayor said , standing orders say that members should not eat in the chamber . ' no eating : the camden council chamber where councillor bucknell was forced to curtail his roast dinner . 