the humble honeybee may only be small , but scientists are hoping to use its brain to power a series of futuristic-style drones . boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee . their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects . scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like a honeybee . professor james marshall said if they were able to recreate a fraction of the honeybees ability they would have made ' tremendous advances ' . the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project , which is a collaboration between researchers from the universities of sheffield and sussex . one day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions . ' bees and all other insects are miracles of engineering which we are nowhere near equalling , ' professor james marshall reportedly told the bbc . ' if we could even recreate a fraction of their abilities in a robot system then we would have made a tremendous advance . ' building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far , scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee 's brain which allows it to see . to do this they mapped out the brain of the honeybee and recreated it with circuits that fire on and off in an organic brain , discovery magazine reported . the software is then uploaded into the drone 's circuitry which enables it to fly around in a similar fashion to the bee . the projects team now has three quadcopters and one ground robot , each with unique abilities and configurations . tests are being carried out in a dedicated flying room based at the university of sheffield . in a video footage showing initial tests the drone , powered by the artificial bee brain , can be seen flying down a corridor . on the green brain website it states : ' since the start of the project , the gb team has setup the lab , built and tested our robots , and begun to demonstrate some sophisticated visual-based navigation and cognitive functions through embodiment . ' current projects include navigation using the gb models , flight tests of our models with the beebot quadcopter , developing a ground control station , initial testing with the chemosensors and more . ' building an artificial brain is a complex process and so far , scientist have only managed to clone the part of the bee 's brain which allows it to see .