joke : hayleigh mcbay , of elgin in moray , scotland , pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke . a teenage girl was left red-faced today after an april fools ' day prank she made on her boyfriend backfired spectacularly . hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke . but the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up . college student hayleigh texted her partner on the social media app with the words : ' i do n't want to be with you any more . i am not happy . ' but david replied : ' thank god you said it first so i did n't have to . ' shocked , hayleigh shot back : ' what ? what do you mean ? so you do n't want to be with me ? ' soon after her boyfriend revealed that he had also been playing an april fools ' day prank . seeing the funny side , hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to twitter , with the caption : ' well , my april fools’ backfired : s . ' the tweet has seen been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited more than 11,000 . while many have seen the funny side of the post , others have taken to trolling hayleigh with hateful comments . one user wrote : ' biggest f****** staged load of s*** i 've ever seen . die . ' hayleigh replied to the comments by tweeting : ' just to clarify , me and david did not plan that - but he guessed it was april fools’ so jokingly replied . sad that i have to specify that . ' but she stopped short of another gag - telling followers yesterday : ' ca n't even prank my mum and tell her i 'm pregnant tomorrow because she 'll be so disappointed when i tell her i 'm joking . ' retweeted : a snapshot of the whatsapp conversation hayleigh , 17 , had with her boyfriend david clarke . joke : hayleigh texted david on the social media app with the words : ' i do n't want to be with you any more ' . explanation : the tweet hayleigh uploaded after the attacks from trolls that she received on twitter . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video .