the vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green , the vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one – and teach them what to do about it . the tenth edition of the annual course , ‘ exorcism and prayer of liberation , ’ sponsored by the vatican congregation for the clergy , the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests , began this morning at rome’s regina apostolorum university . more than 40 years after the exorcist ( pictured ) left cinema audiences green , the vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . one of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions , organisers said . in 2013 francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing . he has frequently expressed the belief that the devil really exists and is not merely ‘ a myth , a figure , an idea , the idea of evil . ’ experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances . last year the international association of exorcists claimed it was ‘ a pastoral emergency . ” in 2013 , pope francis ( pictured ( appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair . the vatican tried to introduce holyween , where children would dress up as saints and attend prayer vigils instead of halloween . father pedro barrajon , director of the sacerdos institute , which is organising the course said ‘ living in an increasingly secularised society than in the past there is more tendency to open the door to the occult . demonic activity is increased by the practice of magic and visiting fortune tellers which can increase the likelihood of a possession’ . 