who has been liverpool’s player of the season ? had you asked that question 12 months ago , the answer would have been glaring : luis suarez . for his 31 goals and his breathtaking displays , the accolade could only have gone to the uruguayan . it was not , though , a case of him operating alone . had it been a ‘normal’ season , steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients . but they were not the only contenders . jordan henderson was outstanding . martin skrtel was a big presence . luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of last season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign . steven gerrard ( left ) and phillippe coutinho ( front ) also played well as liverpool 's title tilt fell short . the brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team . as well as scoring the winner , he had the most shots , most touches , the highest duel success , highest dribble completion , and the most tackles . fast forward to the present and ask the same question : who has been liverpool’s player of the season ? there is no obvious candidate . henderson , of course , would have his backers . the england international has excelled since the turn of the year , while coutinho would command his share of the vote . brendan rodgers suggested after the brazilian’s fabulous goal against manchester city on march 1 he might be a contender for pfa young player of year but , at times since , his flame has not flickered so brightly . sterling had three blistering months when his goals were key to reviving fortunes . emre can has caught the eye since christmas , while results have been better with lucas leiva in the team ; liverpool have only suffered three defeats in the 23 matches he has started . and that explains why liverpool are where they are at the moment . there have been lots of satisfactory contributions , a few excellent , but there hasn’t been anywhere near the consistency of 12 months ago . jordan henderson has chipped in with some important goals and impressed with his boundless energy . coutinho has again played well and won the game for liverpool to send them into the fa cup semi-finals . coutinho has popped up with some important goals this season — five of his six strikes have earned liverpool results ( four wins and a draw ) . it is why they find themselves on the wrong side of the line for champions league places and why they have made such heavy weather of this fa cup campaign . for long periods here they flattered to deceive . sterling saw little of the ball and sturridge continued to show how out of form he is . the goals have dried up for rodgers’ side over the course of the last month — they had only scored seven in their previous six matches before this game . rodgers must have feared the worst as simon mignolet kept his side’s wembley dreams alive with two stunning saves early in the second period , but then , much to his relief , up popped coutinho . there is still time , of course , for one of rodgers’ squad to emerge as the absolute best of this bunch ; on may 19 , a gala dinner will be held at the city’s echo arena when the successor to suarez will be announced . daniel sturridge 's injury-hit season has been a tempestuous affair for the out-of-sorts striker . raheem sterling was denied of service at ewood park during a frustrating display for the contract rebel . at this moment , nobody is better placed than coutinho . if liverpool are going to clamber into the top four — still a possibility given liverpool’s implosion — and win the fa cup , much will depend on the little brazilian . he proved he had what it takes to settle a frantic collision at ewood park . rodgers needs him to show that right through until the end of may .