vanessa moe 's debut showing at mercedes benz fashion week australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters . but unfortunately for the up-and-comer , her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models . a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . scroll down for video . wearable ? vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear . environmentally unfriendly : a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories . one model , amanda ware , looked to have very little room to breathe , doing her best not to fog her vision for her turn down the runway . other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces . major distraction : glistening under the overhead lights , front row guests could n't drag their eyes away from the polarising and somewhat dangerous accessories . making a splash : other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces . unusual : those who were lucky enough to avoid the obscure perspex accessories were treated to thick chokers made from the same translucent material . those who were lucky enough to avoid the obscure perspex accessories were treated to thick chokers made from the same translucent material . those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk . sophisticated separates , clean lines and romantic formal garments made her debut ready to wear collection a functional one . simplistic : those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk . dreamy : sophisticated separates , clean lines and romantic formal garments made her debut ready to wear collection a functional one . the brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at mbfwa 's new generation show . the most daring of the bunch was no doubt mariam seddiq , who sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks . the dark yet mesmerising collection makes mariam one to watch . gasp ! the most daring of the new generation shows was no doubt mariam seddiq , who sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks . colourful : romance was born was a highlight on thursday with their eccentric ' cooee couture ' collection . bondage is back : any step designs caused a stir at the raffles international showcase . minimalist : zingiber showed one and two-piece swimwear with striking cut-out designs .