in afghanistan , many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are , however , allowed to ride skateboards . so when australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding , it should n't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls . in 2012 , photographer jessica fulford-dobson decided to take pictures of these middle eastern skater girls , and her work was recently on display at a gallery in london . scroll down for video . tough girls : photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in kabul , afghanistan . finding time for fun : most girls are not allowed to ride bikes in afghanistan , but skateboarding is n't against the rules . according to feature shoot , when mr. percovich first brought the program to kabul , afghanistan in 2007 , many of the locals had never even heard of skateboarding . in fact , ms. fulford-dobson said she believes the reason skateboarding has been received so differently in afghanistan than in other countries is precisely because it was new to the region . ' when skateboarding arrived in afghanistan , it did n't have any preconceived images for them . they did n't know what it was , ' she said , while adding that it was only accepted after it became clear that it was just ' a toy to have fun with ' . safety first : while the girls were conservatively dressed , they did n't forgo safety measures like wearing helmets and knee pads . little ladies who skate : ms. fulford-dobson said she was fascinated with just how immaculate one girl , left , was , considering how dusty the skateboard facilities were . this sport knows no gender : 40 per cent of skateistan 's students are female ; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program . now , its the top sport for girls in the country , who are able to ride freely in dresses and other clothing that can be restrictive when playing other sports . when ms. fulford-dobson visited the skateistan facilities in 2012 , she quickly noticed their confidence and the joy they took in learning . she took pictures of them with natural light , capturing them in dresses , pants , headscarves and sneakers as they happily played on skateboards . ' i captured about nine in total , ' she told the bbc , recalling one girl whose father had initially told her she could n't join the skateboarding program . he finally relented after she would n't stop begging him . girls will be girls : ms. fulford-dobson said she was struck by the girls ' confidence and how happy they were to skateboard . unconventional athletic gear : the style of dress required by girls can make it difficult to play other sports , but luckily it doesn’t tend to interfere with their skateboarding . ' i met so many impressive women and girls in afghanistan : a teacher as tough and determined as any man ; young afghans in their early twenties who were volunteering at an orphanage and were passionate about being seen as strong and willing to fight for themselves , rather than as victims of circumstance ; and girls who were being educated to be leaders in their communities and who were already thinking carefully about their own and their country’s future , ' ms. fulford-dobson said . that education is a top priority for skateistan , as many children in kabul from low-income families are forced to drop out of school to earn money . besides being taught to skateboard , the program 's participants are also invited to join a free back-to-school program to help them get back on track with their education .