if anyone can be relied upon to crack a smile in the sometimes overly straight-faced world of professional football , it is lofty stoke striker peter crouch . that is , until somebody tries to imitate his now trademark goal celebrations . speaking on sky 's soccer am , the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went ' horribly wrong ' for potters team-mate charlie adam following his wonder strike against chelsea at stamford bridge last saturday . charlie adam ( second right ) celebrates his stunning goal against chelsea with his stoke team-mates . peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on adam 's dancing skills on sky 's soccer am chat show . crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for england against jamaica in 2006 . and crouch was a more than qualified judge for the verdict , as it was his famed robot celebration from england 's 6-0 against jamaica ahead of the 2006 world cup that got the revival treatment from his potters pal . after appearing on the long-running football chat show the previous weekend , adam was asked by hosts helen chamberlain and max rushden to ' do the robot ' if he netted against jose mourinho 's premier league high-flyers . after smashing home stoke 's equaliser from 65-yards over the head of blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois , the former liverpool midfielder ran to the touchline to greet crouch , who started on the bench during the 2-1 loss for mark hughes ' men . the former england striker even went as far as to highlight where adam was going wrong . the former liverpool and tottenham striker was less than impressed with adam 's efforts to imitate him . ' obviously we 're all in agreement it 's a fantastic strike from charlie adam , ' crouch admitted . less impressed with his post-strike antics , crouch 's critique on his britannia stadium colleague pulled no punches . ' he goes into the celebration far too quickly . no warm up . ' ' as you can see he 's not got his arm in the 90 degree angle that a robot should start . ' the arms , the shoulders are all coming over in the wrong direction and he just needs to needs to be a bit looser . ' ' it 's a real shame , because obviously he 's got genuine intent and love for the robot , but he 's just got a lot of it wrong . ' we 'll look forward to seeing crouch show us all how it 's done when he 's next on the score sheet . adam ( centre ) re-enacted crouch 's celebration after letting fly from inside his own half against chelsea . thibaut courtois was not out of position , but he could n't do anything about adam 's sublime strike . adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half .