a 16-year-old schoolboy is fighting for his life in a coma after being driven to attempt suicide following months of bullying by a gang who slashed him in the face . bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . his mother tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry . she described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face . schoolboy bradley parkes , 16 , is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt . his mother shared this picture saying : ' hope all you b******s are happy my son is fighting for his life ' . ' it all started in about august last year and bradley has even been held at knifepoint , ' she told the coventry telegraph . ' one time he was walking from one friend 's house to another and this gang robbed all three of them . ' they even cut his face with a knife and told him not to tell people . he 's even had his hand broken . ' every time they see him they just take everything off him . people know all about this gang and they are arrested for all sorts . ' bradley 's devastated family are at his bedside at birmingham children 's hospital and they have been warned to prepare for anything including brain damage . bradley was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . ms parkes , a mother-of-five , said she wanted to do everything in her power to help her son pull through . ' he 's in an induced coma at the moment and they think he has swelling on the brain , ' she said . ' the doctors have said the severity seems medium at the moment , but they 've said i should prepare for anything from him not waking up to having possible brain damage . the manchester united fan was found unconscious in willenhall woods yesterday afternoon . he had just passed his first course at ernesford grange school and was planning to go to college . his mother was joined at his bedside by daughters beyonce , 12 , and nevaeh , ten months , and sons logan , eight , and four-year-old blane . she said : ' he left a suicide note saying he was taking his own life as it was easier than what he was going through . ' ms parkes said the bullying escalated after bradley gave a statement to the police about the gang , who are aged between 14 and 18 . ' he 's been called a grass and all sorts , ' she said . ' when he was held at knifepoint we decided enough was enough and went to the police . ' the other boy who was also robbed was too scared to make a statement , but bradley wanted to . ' one of the gang members was charged and is now on remand in prison . he 's up in court next month . ' they have smashed people 's windows , vandalised people 's homes and even set fire to someone using a deodorant can and a lighter . bradley 's devastated family are at his bedside at birmingham children 's hospital and they have been warned to prepare for anything . ' it left the person with burns on their stomach . since that , all the grass stuff started and it made bradley 's life hell . ' she slammed west midlands police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously . ' i have gone to the police lots of times but it does n't do anything . and not many people do go to the police as they are scared . i 'm running out of options , ' she said . friends and family have left messages of support on bradley 's facebook page . alyssa crawley wrote : ' stay strong bradley you can pull through it ' , while jae williams said : ' keep fighting brad been with u since the start of school i know you can do this ' . daniel dunn also wrote on facebook : ' your a fighter bro , you can pull through this ' . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 