juventus ensured their treble dreams remained alive as they overcame a first-leg defeat thanks to goals by alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci . the feat was made even more impressive as the old lady were without key trio carlos tevez , paul pogba and andrea pirlo . juventus were hit with the news that former premier league striker tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick-off , however his absence did not prove to be costly . leonardo bonucci celebrates after scoring his side 's third goal of the night against fiorentina . juventus defender bonucci is mobbed by his team-mates after ensuring his side progressed to the final . roberto pereyra receives a celebratory hug by alvaro morata and arturo vidal after doubling the scoreline . fiorentina ( 4-4-1-1 ) : neto ; savic , rodriguez ( tomovic 82 ) , basanta , alonso ; joaquin ( diamanti 66 ) , aquilani , fernandez , valero ; salah ; gomez ( babacar 73 ) . subs not used : richards , vargas , gilardino , kurtic , pasqual , rosati , lazzari , rossi , illcic . booked : rodriguez , fernandez . juventus ( 4-3-1-2 ) : storari ; padoin , bonucci , chiellini , evra ; vidal , marchisio , sturaro ; pereyra ( ogbonna 82 ) ; morata , matri ( coman 74 , llorente 89 ) . subs not used : buffon , pepe , barzagli , de ceglie , rubinho , marrone , lichtsteiner . goal : matri 21 , pereyra 44 , bonucci 59 . booked : chiellini , marchisio , sturaro , vidal . sent off : morata . massimiliano allegri 's side came into the game knowing they had to go on the attack if they were to progress to the coppa italia final after falling to a shock 2-1 defeat at the juventus stadium . and the visitors did just that as matri opened the scoring in the 21st minute by poking home from close range after he benefitted from a ricochet . juventus doubled the scoring shortly before the interval when pereyra placed the ball into an empty net after fiorentina goalkeeper neto parried into his path following a thunderous shot by alvaro morata . the italian league leaders did not hold back during the second half and managed to kill the encounter shortly before the hour mark when unlikely goalscorer bonucci latched onto a claudio marchisio corner before striking a beautifully-timed volley into the net . marchisio 's booking and morata 's bizarre red card were the only negatives of the night . inexperienced referee davide massa brandished a red card in the direction of morata after a clumsy challenge , which warranted nothing more than a yellow , on alessandro diamanti with just two minutes left to play . marchisio will definitely miss the final against either napoli and lazio due to an accumulation of bookings , while morata should be confident of winning an appeal . juventus , who currently lie 14 points clear at the top of the serie a table , can now focus on their upcoming champions league quarter-final clash against monaco . fiorentina winger mohamed salah is surrounded by four juventus as he makes his way towards goal . juventus celebrate after keeping their treble dreams alive by progressing to the coppa italia final . vidal looks delighted as juventus set up a coppa italia final against either napoli or lazio . fiorentina 's supporters turned up in high numbers to see their side crash out of the coppa italia .