don mclean is selling the original manuscript and lyrics to pop anthem american pie , including a ' lost verse ' , which included a line about the music being ' reborn ' . the singer-songwriter 's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5million ( £1,006,303 ) at auction today , which offers tantalising new details about the famous anthem , originally released in 1971 . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript is up for grabs today , mclean says american pie is about ' heading in the wrong direction ' . scroll down for video . original song : christie 's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean 's american pie at christie 's auction house in new york . “ it is becoming less idyllic . i do n't know whether you consider that wrong or right but it is a morality song in a sense . ' it has long been known that the song about ' the day the music died ' refers to february 3 , 1959 , when rock n ' roll icon buddy holly and fellow singers ritchie valens and j.p. ' big bopper ' richardson died in a plane crash . the eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a no . 1 u.s. hit for four weeks in 1972 . mclean , 69 , a longtime maine resident , says writing the song was ' a mystical trip into his past . ' legendary singer : the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , where mclean , now 69 , writes about music being ' reborn ' . loss : american pie mourns the death of late-50s rock n ' roll icon buddy holly , who died in a plane crash on february 3 1959 , aged just 22 , which is what mclean refers to as ' the day music died ' . tragedy : j.p. ' big bopper ' richardson and ritchie valens also died in the crash alongside buddy holly . the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , about music being ' reborn ' . it includes the lines ' i dropped to my knees and there i prayed and i promised him everything i could give . ' if only he would make the music live , ' according to the telegraph . american pie had a revival in 2000 when madonna covered the song to promote the soundtrack to her flop film the next best thing . despite the queen of pop describing the cover as ' something a certain record company executive twisted my arm into doing ' in 2001 , her version of american pie became a global chart hit . christie 's new york is estimating that the american pie manuscript will sell for $ 1million to $ 1.5million .