two mothers who dramatically rescued a baby and group of young girls from rising tides were horrified to discover onlookers filming the incident instead of helping them . an 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three , six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach while out walking during the school break . but when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead , they took out their smartphones to record the drama . two mothers saved the lives of three girls and a baby after the youngsters were trapped by the rising tide . the mirror reported the two mothers held the baby and young girls ' heads above the rising tide until volunteer lifeboats reached them . lifeboat crew member nathan lee told the paper : ' they thought they were going to die . one mum was disgusted people were filming it all on cameras , not helping . ' a few more minutes and none of them would be here . ' the incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the boat race in london on saturday . lifeboats were deployed to transport the onlookers from the shore after they became trapped on the edge of the river thames . video footage showed a group of at least 40 people stranded by the rising waters after watching the rowing race between oxford and cambridge universities . a boy , reportedly eight years old , was also rescued from an embankment after he became separated from his mother , while seven people were evacuated from chiswick eyot when they were cut off by the rising tide . the rnli said it was a ' surprise ' to find so many spectators in trouble and the number was ' significantly greater ' than in previous years . many were unaware that they would be exposed to the substantial wash from the flotilla following the races and from the rising tide , it said . as a result many were cut off and found themselves with limited options to reach higher ground . chiswick rnli station manager wayne bellamy said : ' this incident showed once more that the tidal thames can catch people unaware . ' spectators line the banks of the river thames to watch the bny mellon boat race in london on saturday .