zlatan ibrahimovic and dimitri payet have had their respective suspensions for abusing ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece . paris saint-germain striker ibrahimovic will now miss three games and marseille playmaker payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee ( cnosf ) . ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the french football league ( lfp ) when he was caught on camera after last month 's 3-2 defeat to bordeaux launching into a tirade against official lionel jaffredo while walking back to the dressing room . zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match after successfully appealing . ibrahimovic was heard swearing as he walked towards the changing room after psg 's loss against bordeaux . the swede reacted angrily to the defeat and said it was the worst refereeing display he 'd ever seen . he was angered by suggestions his remarks were also derogatory to france as a whole and claimed his words had been ' twisted ' . speaking in the video in english but in partial sentences , the sweden international could be heard saying : ' he 's an a****** . play 15 years , never seen referee this s*** country . do n't even deserve psg should be in this country . f****** too good for all of you . should be happy they exist . ' marseille playmaker payet then received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials ' dressing room following the goalless draw with lyon , in which lucas ocampos ' late strike was deemed not to have crossed the goal-line . a statement from om read : ' olympique de marseille received on friday an official notification that the ( lfp ) has accepted the proposal of the cnosf concerning the suspension of dimitri payet . ' the ( cnosf ) arbitrator proposed to reduce the suspension from two matches to one match with a further one-match ban suspended . ' psg initially only reported the news in a post on their swedish twitter account . it read : ' now it is clear . ibrahimovic 's penalty has been shortened by one game ! he will be back in ligue 1 away against nantes ! ' that game takes place on may 2 . the suspensions have led to tensions with canal+ , the network which broadcast both video clips . dimitri payet has also had his ban reduced by one after an appeal to the french olympic committee ( cnosf ) . the two clubs , bitter rivals of each other , put out identical press releases last friday stating that they would no longer speak to canal+ until may 30 . lfp president frederic thiriez sympathised with that stance and told reporters in france : ' i understand the two clubs . this manner of using what happens in the players ' tunnel simply to create a scandal creates a problem of fairness in football . ' the presence of a camera , which is not always visible , could eventually lead to a suspension . that could have an effect on the end of the championship . ' om were happy to make use of canal+ in the fall-out over ocampos ' disallowed goal , however , tweeting a picture of the channel 's 3d goalmouth simulation . they responded to thursday 's announcement that officially sanctioned goal-line technology will be used in ligue 1 next season by tweeting a video of the incident with the words : ' next time , the goal will be given ! '