her neighbour’s leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade . what’s more , it now seems likely to remain that way . despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay . it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander’s family . it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander’s aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii . a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years . the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge . then , 23 years ago , single mother mrs alexander bought the house and asked her neighbour jeanette robinson to trim the hedge . she claims mrs robinson refused and declared : ‘ i would rather move than touch these trees . ’ the dispute rumbled on , with mrs alexander , 54 , claiming that the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her property . she sensed an opportunity , however , with the passing of the high hedge act in scotland in 2013 which allows local authorities to take action in such cases . stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured ) . the situation came to a head in 2008 , when a 65ft section of hedge is said to have fallen and demolished a neighbour 's garden shed . audrey alexander ( pictured ) also claims other neighbours have had to move their children from their bedrooms at night for fear of the falling branches . but her council has ruled that mrs robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft . mrs alexander said the ruling made ‘ no difference’ . the high hedge act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight from reaching their garden . complainants and the hedge 's owner are encouraged to resolve the issue between themselves and councils should only be called in to help as a last resort . because the effect the hedge has is not always clear , disputes can last for years before an agreement can be reached . the local authority can either issue a high hedge notice , which orders owners to cut the hedge back , or decide not to act . the local authority can not make any orders about the roots of the hedge . she added : ‘ the whole situation is appalling – the legislation is about giving people the right to sunlight . ‘it’s a disgrace and i feel extremely let down . ’ the neighbour refused to comment . mrs alexander’s only option is the courts which she can not afford to do . over the years she had used the mediation services of stirling district council to try to resolve the issue . the situation came to a head in 2008 , when she claims a 65ft section of hedge fell , demolishing a neighbour’s garden shed . following the introduction of the high hedge act , stirling council found in her favour but the neighbour appealed and won the 20ft ruling . dr colin watson , of scothedge , a group which demands the end of ‘ high hedge tyranny’ , said that the council’s decision was ‘ pretty crazy’ . a council spokesman said the decision was made ‘ after carrying out a site inspection and considering all the evidence’ . mrs alexander said her aunt , now 87 , had moved to france to enjoy ‘ sunshine and gardening’ .  ms alexander called in stirling district council to try to solve the quarrel , but no solution could be found and the feud continued . the council ruled that the hedge should be cut to about 20ft , a height which ms alexander claims will still block most of her sunlight .