david rylance has been jailed for stealing more than £50,000 from his dying mother , who was suffering from alzheimer 's . a trusted son has been jailed for stealing more than £50,000 from his dying mother , blowing the cash on gambling , a holiday and cinema tickets . when pensioner margaret rylance realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account , her concerns were put down to her having alzheimer 's disease . but in reality her son david rylance , 47 , had been slowly siphoning the money away , spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs . a £13,000 fee to move his mother , from south shields , into a care home in january 2013 had to be paid by the council because her bank balance had been diminished by her son 's spending . newcastle crown court heard one of mrs rylance 's accounts held just £1,000 at the time of her death in july 2013 . her son continued to access the cash until the balance was zero . rylance , also of south shields , admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months . judge penny moreland told him : ' your mother had had anxieties in the last years of her life that her money was going missing but , because of her illness , that was not taken seriously . ' this was a gross breach of trust . it is hard to imagine someone more vulnerable than an elderly lady with alzheimer 's , unable to protect herself from you accessing her accounts and taking what you wanted . ' you simply treated her money as your own . ' the court heard rylance was in charge of an appointee account set up at lloyds bank , which held his mother 's cash after her alzheimer 's diagnosis in 2009 . prosecutor tim gittins told the court : ' it is clear , very soon after he opened the account , he began to use the monies for his own purposes . ' rylance would transfer large sums of cash from the account into his own , which he used for online gambling , mr gittins said . newcastle crown court ( pictured ) heard one of mrs rylance 's accounts held just £1,000 at the time of her death in july 2013 . he would also place bets on gambling sites directly from the appointee account . ' the amounts of monies varied from a couple of hundred pounds to £8,000 in one particular month in june 2010 , ' mr gittins added . ' there were , in fact , substantial wins over that period as well . ' the court heard rylance also had access to his mother 's regular banks accounts , which he also stole from . mr gittins said the crimes had a devastating impact on rylance 's sister lesley wilson . the prosecutor said : ' [ ms wilson ] said it was a physical blow to find out the truth of it . ' she describes her mother and father had very little when they started out and had built up what they had by working very hard . ' she was devastated to find out the monies had been spent in the way they had by the defendant . ' there had been concerns expressed prior to her death by mrs rylance herself about monies going missing and the like . to a certain extent it was put down to her deteriorating condition . ' prosecutors accepted rylance 's claim that some of the cash was used for his mother 's benefit . vic laffey , defending , said rylance felt ' shame and remorse ' for what he did . mr laffey said : ' he tried to get himself out of a hole when all he achieved was to dig himself further in . ' he was drowning in obligations . he was in the grip of quite significant financial problems and in particular a significant and debilitating gambling addiction . ' rylance will receive none of his mother 's remaining estate , which will be divided between his siblings .