scientists hoping to see 13 billion light years away , giving them a look into the early years of the universe , are facing opposition from native hawaiian groups looking to preserve their past . demonstrators including game of thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land . dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a native hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction . thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $ 1.4billion thirty meter telescope on mauna kea in hawaii . protesters say that the mountaintop , where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past , is on top of sacred burial ground land . the thirty meter telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the world when its scheduled construction is completed ( artist 's rendering ) . peter apo , a trustee for the office of hawaiian affairs , said he 's asking governor david ige and university of hawaii president david lassner to bring people together to work out a long-term solution . ' hawaiians absolutely believe in science . how that plays out on this mountain is going to be a matter of getting the right set of people in the room to negotiate some sort of compromise that everyone can live with , ' apo said . however , he stated that stopping construction of the 18-story facility is key before progress is made . ' you ca n't even get to the discussion point until they stop construction , ' he said . apo said the state should revisit how it manages the summit , which belonged to the hawaiian monarchy until the us-backed overthrow of the island kingdom in 1893 . the state holds former kingdom lands in trust for the hawaiian people , who see the site as sacred . ' it is the burial grounds of some of our most sacred and revered ancestors , ' said kealoha pisciotta , a project opponent . ' it is a place where we go for sanctuary and release from the world around us , and it is also the home of our god . ' the governor 's chief of staff , mike mccartney , said his office is involved in discussions about the controversy but must decline comment to allow productive conversations to continue . university spokesman dan meisenzahl said the school welcomes all calls for more dialogue and is actively meeting and addressing the issue at the highest levels . game of thrones actor jason momoa , who is native hawaiian , attended protests and posted pictures of himself thrusting his staff in the direction of current mauna kea telescopes . the future aquaman star said that no more dynamite should be used on top of the mountain , which is sacred to kanaka maoli . the dispute has pitted native hawaiians , who believe the telescope site is sacred because it is where their creation story begins , against scientists , who believe it 's an ideal location for one of the world 's largest telescopes . the land is in a remote and sheltered position , nestled in the crater of a dormant volcano . about 300 protesters gathered at the mountain thursday , and police and state law enforcement arrested 20 people who tried to block a road leading to the summit of mauna kea on hawaii 's big island . eleven more were arrested atop the peak of the dormant volcano , the highest point in the state , for alleged trespassing . visitors to the protests have included game of thrones actor and native hawaiian jason momoa , who said that the demonstrators were ' protectors not protesters ' . the future aquaman star , who is kanaka maoli , posted pictures on his instagram thrusting a staff into the air in the direction of current mauna kea telescopes . he said no more dynamite should be used at the mountaintop . poli'ahu , the native hawaiian snow goddess of mauna kea , is said to often descend to the mountain 's summit . the mountain , which already holds 13 telescope facilities , is also the burial ground for previous generations of native hawaiians . numbers are expected to swell ahead of an upcoming cultural festival in nearby hilo , according to hawaii news now . the demonstrations have now drawn in native hawaiian leaders from other islands . project opponents question whether land appraisals were done correctly and whether native hawaiian groups were consulted , so they have tried to prevent construction of the thirty meter telescope . project leaders say they regret the arrests but safe access to the site needs to be preserved . while the native hawaiian groups do not oppose the telescope itself , they disagree with constructing it on mauna kea . all of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities , pisciotta said . the snow goddess poli´ahu is said to often descend on the mountain top , according to the university of hawaii institute for astronomy . the mountain also hosts her sister goddesses lilinoe , waiau , and kahoupokane , who are sometimes compared to christian and muslim angels . scientists hope that building the thirty meter telescope will allow them to answer fundamental questions about the universe . the project includes a thirty meter segmented mirror and scientists say it will drastically increase the ability of scientists to see images from light years away and detect earth-like planets . researchers , who have already built 13 telescopes atop mauna kea , picked the site for their new project because of its remoteness and ideal observation conditions . protests against the alleged incursion onto sacred land also disrupted a groundbreaking ceremony last year . construction was delayed early last month because of blizzard conditions at the top of the sometimes snowy mountain . gary sanders , the thirty meter telescope project manager , said friday his organization appreciates the support it 's received from the office of hawaiian affairs , including in 2009 when the agency endorsed the selection of mauna kea as the site for the observatory . sanders said the telescope has been communicating with the governor 's office and the university president . he stressed the telescope has been discussing the project with the public since 2008 , when it filed a notice for an environmental impact statement . there are currently still lawsuits pending against the construction challenging its land use claims . the university leases the land at mauna kea from the state and then subleases it to the thirty meter telescope project . a partnership of canadian and us universities plans to build the observatory along with institutions in china , india and japan . there are currently 13 telescopes at the summit , including some of the world 's most advanced . the first was built in the late 1960s . protesters apprehended thursday paid $ 250 in bail and were released . office of hawaiian affairs trustee peter said that the demonstrators are sometimes viewed with ' intellectual snobbery ' ( file photo , march 30 ) . apo ( right ) has asked the governor and the university of hawaii to bring both sides of the conflict together during a moratorium . apo said that hawaii leases the land for $ 1 a year and the university gives it to the observatory for $ 1 a year . however , the trustee said that the observatories generate millions of dollars in revenue by selling viewing time and that ' monetary value of mauna kea viewing time is astronomical ' . he said native hawaiians have a profound interest in science but that they are ' viewed through a lens of intellectual snobbery , ' he wrote in honolulu civil beat . scientists , who picked the site because of its remoteness and ideal observation conditions , hope that building the bigger telescope will allow them to answer fundamental questions about the universe . it will feature a segmented mirror thirty meters in diameter and researchers say it will be able to detect earth-like planets close to other stars as well as revealing more information about dark matter . the hubble space telescope has a two and a half meter mirror . the people arrested thursday were trying to block trucks heading to the peak . work got underway after the protesters were arrested and the path to the summit was cleared . police said they warned protesters who formed a roadblock monday that anyone who obstructed the street would be arrested . those apprehended thursday were released after each posting bail of $ 250 . the observatory is expected to be operational by 2024 , the same year a 39-meter telescope is expected to be completed in chile .