taken at the dawn of photography , these unique pictures are some of the first ever taken of the city of bristol , nearly 100 years before much of its historic centre was destroyed by nazi bombing . the images , captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen , have surfaced after being put up for auction - and could fetch up to £30,000 . everything from the waterfront , city centre and st mary redcliffe church can be seen in the shots , as well as the fourteen stars tavern building which was pulled down in 1857 . it became part of the site for the bristol brewery georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats . many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today , particularly the area of high street . other shots are almost identical , including the one of st john 's gate at the church of st john the baptist , which shows that little is different in certain areas that escaped the heavy bombing during the second world war . the albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s . they are due to go up for auction in cirencester tomorrow . stepping back in time : the fourteen stars tavern ( pictured left ) can be seen in a photo believed to have been taken shortly before it was knocked down . it was replaced by the bristol brewery georges , which has since closed and been converted into flats . as it is today ( right ) . many uses : there was a builder , undertaker and joiner stationed at broad quay bristol when this photo was taken between 1850 and 1855 . how broad quay bristol looks now . it has become restaurants but retained some of its old character for people to enjoy while they eat . little difference : the view through st john 's gate at the church of st john the baptist has not changed much between 1850 and today - apart from the road works . high street in bristol ( left in 1850 ) is one of the areas where the buildings have changed quite dramatically over the past 160 years . the structure was overhauled in 1962 to make way for what is the former norwich union building . today it stands defunct and boarded up ( right ) . this fascinating picture shows sleep street in bristol at the dawn of photography , believed to have been taken between 1850 and 1855 . st mary redcliffe church was constructed from the 12th to the 15th centuries and has been a place of christian worship for over 900 years . pictured left is what the towering structure looked like in the 19th century after being snapped by hugh owen and , right , how it appears now . hugh owen 's photograph shows st peter 's hospital , which was destroyed in the bristol blitz in 1940 . built as a merchant 's house , it had been a showcase of jacobean architecture before it was bombed . not much change : the church is renowned for the beauty of its gothic architecture and is classed as a grade i listed building by english heritage . queen elizabeth i is said to have described it as ' the fairest , goodliest , and most famous parish church in england ' . st mary-le-port street in bristol . the albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s . area of beauty : college green , bristol , as it looked in the 19th century . a replica of the bristol high cross had been erected there , in the shadow of the cathedral , because the original was deemed too fragile to move again . missing landmark : the remains of the replica cross can now be seen in nearby berkeley square , where they were transferred in about 1950 from college green ( pictured ) . much of the trees which shielded the cathedral are now gone . another image of sleep street in bristol . it is believed the set of pictures could fetch up to £30,000 when they go up for auction tomorrow . this photo shows host street in bristol . it provides a glimpse into the past as much of the historic city centre was destroyed by bombing during the second world war .