bournemouth are within touching distance ; they can almost smell the big-time . another hurdle on their way to the premier league has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over reading . this was tense , though . manager eddie howe would testify to that . but winning a place in the top-flight has never been easy ; bournemouth are finding exactly that out . callum wilson celebrates after opening the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute . wilson opens the scoring for bournemouth early on against reading at the madejski stadium . reading : federici , gunter , a pearce , hector , obita , chalobah ( appiah 67 ) , karacan ( williams 59 ) , ake , mccleary , mackie , robson-kanu ( aiyegbeni 81 ) . subs not used : kelly , norwood , andersen , stacey . booked : a pearce , hector . bournemouth : boruc , francis , elphick , cook , daniels , ritchie , arter , surman , pugh ( smith 69 ) , kermorgant ( pitman 75 ) , wilson ( jones 90 ) . subs not used : camp , gosling , fraser , ward . goal : wilson 4 . booked : boruc , francis , wilson , smith . referee : keith stroud . attendance : 18,917 . but , as of yet , the cherries are n't choking , callum wilson 's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win at the madejski stadium . howe said : ‘ it was nervy , with what’s at stake it was always going to be that way . we defended for our lives and showed incredible mental strength . it was a different kind of win than we’re used to , but results are the most important things now . ‘i’d much rather we were playing total football and doing what we’ve done all season , but we are finding a new way to win and i’ll take that at this stage . ’ there was no doubt over which team needed the three points more . this victory secured bournemouth 's position in the top-six , meaning - at the very least - that they 'll have a crack at promotion via the play-offs . reading , under steve clarke , have all but secured their championship status , and with an fa cup semi-final date at wembley against arsenal on the horizon the royals , perhaps , had other matters on their mind . and so it proved as the cherries took a fourth minute lead when wilson fired home from close range after andrew surman 's shot from the edge of the area struck adam federici 's far post . it was exactly the start howe wanted as they looked to maintain their position at the championship summit . but the visitors had goalkeeper artur boruc to thank in the 17th minute as he produced an outstanding one-handed save to deny jamie mackie 's close range effort from jordan obita 's cross . and nathaniel chalobah , hal robson-kanu and obita all waste good opportunities to level for the royals as they mustered a promising response to going behind . these were worrying moments for howe , who paced regularly from the dugout to his technical area to holler instructions at his players . and despite yann kermogrant sending a towering header from marc pugh 's cross narrowly wide during the dying seconds of the first-half , bournemouth 's early mojo had vanished . bournemouth 's simon francis ( left ) on the run with nathaniel cahalobah in hot pursuit . players appeal to referee keith stroud ( right ) as wilson lies injured on the ground . howe would have been happy to get his players in at half-time ; his side , in truth , were starting to rock . that 's what pressure does to a team . in fairness to the cherries , though , not once did they part with the passing principles that have put them on the brink of automatic promotion . and the south-coast club looked to have regained their composure during the opening exchanges of the second half . though , goalscorer wilson was booked for diving in the 55th minute as the striker took the necessity for points too far . yet , despite his side 's improvement , howe looked far from comfortable in his technical area . and bournemouth were struggling to create the opportunities that would have calmed their manager 's obvious nerves . bournemouth manager eddie howe ( centre ) and his players applaud the travelling support . there were nervy moments for the travelling bournemouth fans as the end of the match approached . one mistake , one moment of magic from a reading player and this match would have been back in the balance . not only the match , but his side 's chances of automatic promotion . matt richie went within inches of providing howe and his team the cushion that they desperately craved in the 63rd minute . the royals defence made a mockery of trying to clear a bournemouth throw deep inside their half , the ball eventually fell to richie who let fly with a curling left-footed effort that skimmed the top of federici 's far post . steve cook then saw his half-volley from the edge of the area held by federici as the visitors started to turn the screw . wilson ( bottom ) is challenged by reading 's alex pearce during the championship clash . reading manager steve clarke gestures to his players but the hosts could not find a way back . but reading refused to lie down , and had danny williams not miskicked in the final six minutes then the hosts could easily have pulled level . wilson missed a glorious chance to seal victory for bournemouth in the 87th minute , but his control let him down at the vital moment . and the visitors had endure some terrifying moments as reading laid siege to the cherries goal . but howe 's side held on for another vital victory as their promotion bandwagon rolls on ... just .