like the old saying goes : if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . a melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished , and they still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor . scroll down for video . euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . ‘ my initial reaction was shock and disbelief , ’ euan ritchie told daily mail australia . ‘ i was very sceptical but a big part of me wanted to believe it was real . ’ the couple decided to make the page after indigenous tribes from the northern territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate . ‘ the importance of the mission is absolutely critical . australia has the highest extinction rate for native mammals , and if we don’t act now we will lose many more . ’ the couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area . in the last 200 years , australia has lost over 10 % of its native mammals , the highest loss of native mammals of any country in the world over that period . the couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area , and within two days they received the mystifying pledge from someone called jeffrey green . ‘ i contacted pozible and started researching online , and within an hour the pledge disappeared . it was very strange and i still don’t understand . ’ mr ritchie was shocked when the crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious , cancelling the account of jeffrey green . the website has since attempted to track down the mystery pledger but to no avail . ‘ we still have no idea who would pull this prank on us . they even claimed the maximum prize , a $ 2000 wildlife spotting day in cairns . ’ despite the incident , the couple hope to reach the $ 15,000 goal . the couple still hope to reach their goal of $ 15,000 to their kangaroo preservation project .