an frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days when she was being treated at perth 's new fiona stanley hospital ( fsh ) , but the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong . joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . joyce tabram , 82 , lost five kilograms in five days while she being treated at fiona stanley hospital in perth . ms tabram told the abc her test was put off until april 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken . she has called for the hospital to be shut down . ' fiona stanley hospital , i think it stinks that 's all i can say , ' ms tabram said . while opposition leader mark mcgowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at fsh , health minister kim hames defended fsh doctors ' treatment of ms tabram . mr hames said the 82-year-old had a medical condition that required her to fast and she was given fluids intravenously . he said a planned medical test was delayed but her condition improved and she was still expected to have the test this week . doctors at fiona stanley hospital in perth asked ms tabram to fast for five days after arriving at the hospital on march 30 with a swollen abdomen . ' even if that test had been undertaken , she still would not have been able to have food and water by mouth because of the medical condition , so her treatment was correct , ' dr hames told reporters . ' it was n't that she was having to continue to fast waiting for the test - she had to fast because her medical condition required that to occur . ' dr hames said there had been miscommunication between staff and the patient and her family . ' either they have n't understood , or have n't been given the full amount of information , ' he said . ' it 's unfortunate they believe she 's been terribly treated when in fact the review of the medical notes suggests that that 's not the case . ' dr hames was confident based on the medical notes and his own treatment of patients with the same condition that ms tabram was cared for appropriately . he also apologised to the family for the incident . ' clearly they do n't feel they 've been managed well and that means there 's been a communication issue , ' he said . but mr mcgowan said this was ' part of a pattern of behaviour of the management of fiona stanley hospital ' , adding : ' she could easily have died . ' dr hames said the matter would be followed up with the specialist . 