hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal and told aides they would be fired if she was seen , it is claimed . mrs clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’ , according to a new book . a new book has claimed that hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements during the monica lewinsky scandal . the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news in ‘ the residence : inside the private world of the white house . ’ she tells how in the summer of 1998 , a few days before mr clinton would admit to sex with former white house intern miss lewinsky , usher worthington white was approached by mrs clinton . she told him that she wanted to go to the pool but that only he could see her - no other aides and no secret service . mr white said that he told mrs clinton’s lead secret service agent : ‘ if anybody sees her , or she sees anybody , i’m going to get fired , i know it . and you probably will too’ . by the pool mrs clinton would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘ heartbroken , it is claimed . mrs clinton’s wish was granted and she took an elevator to the pool , spent the afternoon there and came back the same way , miss brower writes that mrs clinton ‘ turned to white , took his hands and squeezed them , looked him in the eye , and thanked him . ’ the book also recounts how the clintons did not trust the old fashioned white house telephone system and felt too many people could listen in - so had it completely rewired . miss brower writes : ‘ they had all the white house phones changed over to interior circuitry so that if the first lady was in the bedroom and the president was in the study , she could ring him from room to room without going through the operator’ . such upheaval did not go down well with staff and according to james w.f . ‘skip’ allen , an usher from 1979 to 2004 , the clintons were ‘ about the most paranoid people i’d ever seen in my life’ . the disclosure sheds new light on the row over mrs clinton’s use of a private email account and her own personal server whilst secretary of state . it could harm her chances in the race for the presidency in 2016 - she is expected to announce her candidacy this month . a new poll has found that mrs clinton’s approval ratings have slipped since the scandal broke and she is two points behind former florida governor jeb bush , her likely opponent . bill clinton admitted in the summer of 1998 that he was having sex with former white house intern miss lewinsky ( pictured ) . 