brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the lpga 's opening major of the year in california . lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow american lewis on nine under par . former champion lewis ( 70 ) could still have claimed the win herself when , playing in the final group , she had a chance to birdie the last but her effort from 10 feet sneaked past on the low side , sending the two friends into a play-off at mission hills country club . brittany lincicome shows off the ana inspiration trophy after beating stacy lewis in a play-off round . brittany lincicome ( second right ) , leaps into poppy 's pond with her father , tom lincicome ( right ) , her fiance , dewald gouws and her caddie , missy pederson ( left ) after winning the california tournament . lincicombe hugs her caddie missy pederson after plunging into the water . lincicombe is congratulated by her father , tom ( right ) , after jumping into the water hazard . and a soaking wet lincicombe had to wear a dressing down as she posed for the trophy . it took the pair three extra goes at the 18th before they were finally separated , with three successive pars ultimately earning lincicome a sixth lpga tour triumph . it also saw the 29-year-old take a jump into poppie 's pond for the second time having also won this tournament in 2009 . on that occasion lincicome also eagled the final hole , and she admits it was ' surreal ' to repeat the feat this time . ' i mean , to make eagle on any hole is pretty incredible , and then to do it on sunday at a major , at this major where i did it in 2009 , ' lincicome , whose last tournament victory came in 2011 , said on www.lpga.com . stacy long drops her putter after missing a winning putt on the second play-off hole in california . lincicombe and long embrace after the former secures victory on the third play-off hole . the victorious lincicombe acknowledges the gallery after securing her victory . ' it 's really surreal . i feel like if you would have bet me all the money in the world to see how many times you could do it , if i went back to the fairway now i probably could n't hit that shot again . so like i said earlier , today was my day . somebody was looking out for me today . ' lewis , whose bogey on the third sudden-death play-off hole allowed lincicome to clinch the title , has now finished runner-up on five occasions since winning the walmart nw arkansas championship last june . she has also had five more top-10 finishes in that time and the 30-year-old - who won the ana inspiration in 2011 - admits the only thing she can do is to try to look forward . ' i guess the more times you do it , the easier it gets , ' said lewis . ' i do n't know . that 's all you can do . you ca n't sit and dwell on it . you just have to go out the next week and try to win . i 'm doing a lot of really good things , so i just have to keep going forward . ' this was lincicombe 's first lpga tour victory since 2011 . stacy lewis loses her club after teeing off on the par four , 16th hole at mission hills country club . lewis plays a shot on the palm tree-lined 15th hole at mission hills in california . morgan pressel made it an all-american top three after finishing off with a two-under-par 70 , leaving her a shot behind the leaders . south korean kim sei-young , who took a three-shot lead into the final round , had to settle for a share of fourth spot with spaniard carlota ciganda ( 68 ) and sweden 's anna nordqvist ( 69 ) on seven under after finishing with a 75 . scotland 's catriona matthew was the leading british player , finishing in a nine-way tie for 11th after carding a final-round 70 . 