jt’s never been better . jose mourinho 's return was the answer to john terry’s prayers . mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played . that was a pat on the back for his captain but also justification for mourinho’s faith in playing him . terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . part of his success comes from the way the team is set up in front of him . all of their good work means he is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception . john terry ( left ) was in inspiring form in the chelsea defence as his side kept a clean sheet against arsenal . sportsmail 's martin keown says the blues skipper is enjoying some of the best football of his career . the 34-year-old defender 's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season . his decision-making is excellent and he waits for the perfect moment to get involved — there can be an element of gambling with that but it is a calculated risk . he was always able to anticipate where arsenal wanted to play the game and stop them from doing it . as chelsea have become harder to beat , terry has come into his own . following an entertaining first half , arsenal 's tempo appeared to drop after the half time break . ghosts of monaco ? in the first half arsenal played at a terrific tempo , especially down the left , but the whistle came at the perfect time for chelsea . after the break arsenal didn’t move the ball quickly enough . they looked mindful of the monaco game where they lost control but here there was not enough spark . gunners striker olivier giroud had a frustrating afternoon against a rugged chelsea defence . danny welbeck 's pace through the middle could have instead caused the chelsea back line a lot trouble . a missed opportunity . i’m a big fan of olivier giroud but arsenal needed to ask a different question of the chelsea defence . john terry and gary cahill are built to deal with players like giroud and everything was played in front of them . if danny welbeck had played through the middle , his pace could have unsettled chelsea . it’s much easier to be compact when there’s no threat in behind . the arsenal supporters were heard lamenting chelsea 's ' boring ' performance at the emirates stadium . despite many questioning chelsea 's tactics in the big games jose mourinho 's team are in full control . jose is always the boss . the arsenal fans said it was boring but chelsea are doing what they need to do to see out a championship . there is no problem with that . if anything that element of control is something arsenal would do well to copy . yes , there was no striker but could didier drogba really play three games in a row at 37 ? jose just made good use of his squad . at the start of the season chelsea played with so much expression it looked like the players were in charge . now they look dogged , disciplined and firmly in control . there is no doubt as to who is the boss now . 