five baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi arabian airlines after a video showing passengers’ luggage being carelessly tossed onto a conveyor belt caused outrage online . the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh . it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . for nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care . they appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway . it is not clear if the person who filmed the shocking moment on a mobile phone is a colleague . as the video begins it shows one man throwing a large suitcase , which lands on the belt with a heavy thud . seconds later the men grab either end of a bag and throw it so hard that it hits a green barrier , causing it to shake as the suitcase bounded off of it and lands on the belt . for nearly two minutes the employees of saudi arabian airlines , also known as saudia , toss suitcases or fling them behind their backs without care or caution , apparently in an attempt to unload the truck as quickly as possible . an object that appears to be fragile ( left ) is thrown ; the workers throw two bags simultaneously ( right ) . some appear to be quite heavy or wrapped as though they contain fragile objects . it is believed at least one other employees , who is not seen on camera , is inside the truck to move luggage closer to the pair doing the throwing . in a statement posted on its website saudi arabia’s general authority for civil aviation ( gaca ) confirmed that two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced online . it expressed regret over the incident and said it will not tolerate such behaviour . the men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud or hit a green barrier against the wall . titled ‘ saudi airlines baggage handlers hard at work’ , the video was uploaded to liveleak , where it has nearly 100,000 views . the person who uploaded the clip wrote : ‘ looks like they are trying very hard to break things . and not such a fun job . ’ rough handling of baggage is a fear shared by many passengers , and dozens of liveleak users wrote that they were upset or not surprised at all . one user wrote : ‘ they do n't appear to be trying to break anything . they appear not to care if anything breaks or not . i doubt any other airline is much different . do n't pack crystal when you travel . ’ another added : ‘ airlines might as well just use a dump truck to load and unload luggage . it 's quicker and your luggage would be treated a little better . '