catholic bishops in america have denounced wolf hall as a ‘prejudice-laden presentation of the past’ as the acclaimed bbc drama was broadcast in the u.s. for the first time . the review attacked the six-part series as ‘ a work of fiction that adopts a narrow , revisionist and anti-catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the tudor period in which it’s set’ . the latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk , who tore into the series for its ' perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired . scroll down for video . bishops in the usa have slammed wolf hall , starring damian lewis , after it was broadcast for the first time . the audience is encouraged to support ' monster ' thomas cromwell , played by mark rylance in the hit series , a damning review by the catholic news service in america said after the first episode was aired in the usa . the review also slates the depiction of catholic martyr sir thomas more , played by anton lesser in the show as an 'evidence-flouting caricature ' that is ' sleazy , mean-spirited and just plain rude ' . a review for catholic news service , an agency of the u.s. bishops’ conference said that the show encourages the audience to ‘ root for the self-made commoner thomas cromwell’ when in fact he was a ‘monster’ who engineered a reign of terror and murdered anyone who stood in his way . in contrast , the drama’s depiction of sir thomas more , a catholic martyr , is ‘ not a pretty sight’ , said author joseph mcaleer . ‘ the future saint is barely recognisable : sleazy , mean-spirited and just plain rude , ’ he writes . ‘ this evidence-flouting caricature is light-years away from the man of principle . ’ a washington post reviewer warned the distortion of historical facts in wolf hall pointed to ' ideological bias ' . us media were generally looking forward to the historical drama being shows on masterpiece pbs as a ' great british import ' , with homeland star damian lewis as king henry viii and claire foy playing anne boleyn . gregory wolfe said that the adaptation of hilary mantel 's book ' could obscure important lessons ' . the criticism from the u.s. catholic church follows that of mark davies and mark o’toole , the catholic bishops of shrewsbury and plymouth , who said wolf hall was guilty of ‘anti-catholic’ depictions of more , played by anton lesser , and for its whitewashing of cromwell , the hero of the drama , played by mark rylance . most u.s. media looked forward , however , to the opening episode of the series , broadcast on masterpiece pbs last night , as a great british import co-starring damien lewis , the anti-hero brody in the u.s. series homeland , playing king henry viii . one of the few critical reviews of the adaptation of hilary mantel’s historical novel appeared in the highly-influential washington post , however , which warned viewers that the distortion of the facts pointed to a ‘ clear ideological bias’ . ‘ what makes for great drama may not make for good history , ’ said the review by gregory wolfe . ‘mantel’s version could obscure important lessons from that dark period that have continuing relevance for the present moment , ’ he added . wolf hall was bbc2’s most popular drama since 2002 , gaining an average of 4.4million viewers during its six-week run . 