mirko ' cro cop ' filipovic delivered on his promise to exact revenge as he stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in krakow . eight years after their first encounter in which gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout , filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move . mirko ' cro cop ' filipovic made a slow start against gabriel gonzaga . after dropping his rival to the canvas , he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in . filipovic had not fought in the ufc since 2011 and made a slow start as gonzaga stalked his opponent , trying to land with his hands . brazilian gonzaga attempts a leg lock submission against filipovic . he took the fight to the floor , looking for the finish , but filipovic defended well and pulled free , albeit conceding the round in the process . and gonzaga continued to dominate in the second round , catching a kick and taking filipovic to the ground and there they stayed for the remainder of a session that also went gonzaga 's way . but the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round . after a clinch against the cage , filipovic launched an assault on the break , dropping his opponent after repeated blows on the inside . referee leon roberts stops the fight after filipovic dropped his rival . once down , gonzaga was clearly in trouble and as the blows reined in , the referee stepped in to stop the punishment . in the co-main event , london 's jimi manuwa made a successful return to the octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing jan blachowicz . manuwa had never been beyond the second round in his career but this cagey affair looked destined to be left in the hands of the judges from the opening stages . jimi manuwa celebrates after his decision victory over jan blachowicz of poland . in the end , the visitor was given the nod by scores of 30-27 twice and 29-28 . there was mixed results for the other two brits on the card as stevie ray enjoyed a winning debut with a second-round stoppage of marcin bandel but joanne calderwood was submitted by maryna moroz in the first round . 