david silva declared himself fit on sunday night despite fears he had fractured his cheekbone after being caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate’s elbow . the manchester city star was carried off in the win over west ham following eight minutes of treatment on the pitch , where he was given oxygen . he went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans’ worries , and the club announced on monday that tests showed no fracture . david silva ( left ) receives an elbow to the face by the on-rushing cheikhou kouyate in the second half . the spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and has been taken to hospital to be assessed . silva turns around in pain before receiving several minutes treatment and being given oxygen . ‘ many thanks to all the messages of support , all the tests have gone well and i’m already home . the three points is what was important ! ’ he tweeted . kouyate was only booked by referee anthony taylor and city boss manuel pellegrini believes the senegal midfielder did not mean to injure his player . ‘ i always think that a player doesn’t want to damage another player , ’ he said . ‘ the referee was so near and he decided it was unintentional . ‘ he decides what happens and gave a yellow card . i hope that it was an accidental collision . ‘ at this moment silva is in hospital and they are checking if he has a broken bone in his cheek . it looked serious but we must wait for what happens at the hospital . ’ asked if silva has been knocked unconscious , pellegrini added : ‘ i don’t know . the doctor has some doubts about that . after that he recovers well so we are checking . ’ west ham manager sam allardyce claimed that the incident was ‘accidental’ , saying : ‘ it was innocuous . i didn’t think it was a foul . ‘ everybody thinks it is more serious attack from cheikhou than it was . ‘ it wasn’t deliberate at all . he has no idea , it has happened from behind him . i have seen the reaction from the video on the laptop . ’ silva was given put in a neck brace and given oxygen as his concerned team-mates looked on . city bounced back from their defeat in the manchester derby to win 2-0 through james collins’s own-goal and sergio aguero’s 20th premier league strike of the season . pellegrini’s side are now one point behind third-placed manchester united , who lost at leaders chelsea on saturday , in the race for a top-four finish and seven clear of liverpool in fifth . ‘ i think it was very important for our team to win , ’ said the city boss . ‘ we were coming from two defeats in a row , and always when one is a derby it is worse . ’ after seeing the hammers fail to win for the 10th time in 11 games , allardyce said : ‘ the most disappointing thing was the goals we gifted city . the two mistakes we make for the goals , one was pretty bizarre and the other unexpected from a player as experienced as stewart downing . ’ the loss of silva will be a big blow to manchester city if his facial injury is as serious as first feared . silva was taken off on a stretcher before being rushed to hospital as manuel pellegrini has a nervous wait . jamie carragher believes the fa have no option but to look into the incident . ' i think they will look at it . it 's one of those where no one knows but him if he meant to do it . it was like when costa stamped on skrtel . ' nobody can say 100 per cent , only he knows but you know as players , there are certain challenges or when you 're running past someone you think - i can get away with this . ' i think he 's gone past and gone i 'll leave one on silva and i 'll put my hands up like i never meant it . you could n't prove it but it does n't look good and should have been a red card . ' 