one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into syria to join isis is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi ( pictured ) , who became britain 's youngest convicted terrorist when he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008 . a relative of britain 's youngest convicted terrorist is believed to be among two teenagers who have fled into syria to join isis . the pair from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones . one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi , who was just 15 when he joined a cell of islamic fanatics targeting the royal family . the grandson of a british sharia judge , munshi was recruited by a leading ' cyber terrorist ' who radicalised impressionable muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in pakistan . he was arrested on his way home from a chemistry exam in 2006 and found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest . he was locked up for two years under the terrorism act in 2008 . the times reported that the two 17-year-old boys told relatives that they were going on a school trip , but instead used the easter holidays as a ' window of opportunity ' to flee britain . they are thought to have boarded a thomas cook flight from manchester airport to dalaman in turkey on march 31 , said west yorkshire police . both families have reported the boys missing to police although british authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into syria from turkey . a family friend said they were in a state ' of total disbelief ' and they were ' broken and inconsolable ' . the south dewsbury area has been linked to a number of extremist plots and was home to the ring-leader of the london bombings on july 7 , 2005 , mohammad sidique khan . according to the times , a member of one of the families said : ' we do n't want to talk . ' assistant chief constable mark milsom , from west yorkshire police said : ' we are extremely concerned for the safety of these two boys and would urge anyone with information to come forward and speak to us . ' syria is an extremely dangerous place and the public will be aware of the dangers these boys may face . ' the choice of returning home from syria is often taken away from those that come under the control of islamic state , leaving their families in the uk devastated and with very few options to secure their safe return . ' the force said it has been supporting the missing teenagers’ families and carrying out extensive inquiries alongside the north east counter terrorism unit . the disappearance of the two teenagers follows the arrest of nine britons by turkish authorities attempting to sneak into syria across the turkish border . waheed ahmed , 21 , from rochdale was arrested with his aunt , cousins and four children while attempting to get into syria . scroll down for video . ' seeking jihad ' : two teenage boys from dewsbury , west yorkshire , are believed to have fled to syria to join isis militants , seen here taking control of the yarmouk refugee camp in damascus . after the arrest , anti-terror police raided the home of his father , shakil ahmed , a respected labour councillor for the town . munshi 's family comes from dewsbury in west yorkshire , where his grandfather yakub munshi ran the town 's sharia court . the schoolboy , who was studying for his gcses at westborough high school in kirklees , west yorkshire , was traced through his online conversations with ' cyber terrorist ' aabid hussain khan . in one msn chat , they argued how best to sneak a metal sword through airport security . munshi had painstakingly scoured the internet for details on how to make napalm and grenades . he claimed he had only done the research out of curiosity but handwritten notes hidden under his bed revealed his burning desire to travel abroad to become a martyr . the boys are from the same town as london 7/7 suicide bomber mohammed siddique khan ( pictured ) . munshi also had a library of videos , documents and audio clips showing acts of jihad , mujaheddin fighters and al qaeda preachings . he was arrested as he walked home from school after an exam . khan , who acted as an administrator on an extremist website called activion publications , downloaded information on the queen , the duke of edinburgh , prince charles and camilla , prince edward , the countess of wessex , the duke of york and the princess royal . munshi was convicted of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism . khan was found guilty of possessing articles for a purpose connected with terrorism but cleared of a similar charge . a third man , sultan muhammad from manningham , west yorkshire - khan 's cousin - was convicted of three similar charges and one of making a record of information likely to be useful in terrorism .