awkward photos of the new zealand prime minister pulling multiple young girls ' ponytails are being posted on social media just days after he was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was at work . prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ' uncomfortable ' . after the incident , reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of mr key touching other young girls ' hair and collecting them on a tumblr page . scroll down for video . awkward photos of the new zealand pm pulling \young girls ' ponytails are being posted on social media . this comes after he was forced to apologise to am auckland waitress for touching her hair at work . the waitress at the centre of the ponytail storm told the new zealand herald that she published the details of john key 's behaviour , which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in auckland , as she ' expected more from him ' and wanted ' the public to be aware ' . the 26-year-old , an employee at rosie cafe which is frequented by mr key and his wife , recounted on the daily blog how the prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . ms bailey told the herald that she felt mr key 's behaviour was inappropriate . ' i did n't feel i should have to put up with that , ' she said . ' i expected more from him and i want the public to be aware . ' john key feels he is untouchable . ' mr key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey ( right ) , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ' uncomfortable ' . mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions . eventually , she wrote , she told key 's security detail she did n't like it and later told key ' no ' repeatedly and wagged her finger at him . when he pulled her hair again on a subsequent visit , she said , she told him to stop ' or i will actually hit you soon . ' ' i really did n't like it , ' the worker wrote . ' i felt powerless and tormented and i stepped out the back and i cried frustrated tears . ' the worker said key came back soon after the last incident with two bottles of wine from his own vineyard and gave them to her , saying ' this is for you , sorry , i did n't realise . ' key 's office issued a statement wednesday saying he regularly visits the cafe near his home with his wife and has a good relationship with the staff there . ' his actions were intended to be light-hearted , ' the statement said . ' it was never his intention to make her feel uncomfortable and he has apologised to her . ' a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife ( pictured together ) . but following the publication of the blog on wednesday , mr key defended his pranks and said he visited the cafe close to his house often and he had a ' fun relationship ' with the staff . ' there 's always lots of horsing around and sort of practical jokes and that 's all there really was to it , ' he said . ' ... i realised she had actually taken offence because it was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on and so i obviously immediately apologised for that . ' it was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously i immediately apologised for that . the waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called rosie ( pictured ) in parnell , east of auckland . the waitress wrote how mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop . ' she thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . ' key 's office also issued a statement wednesday saying he regularly visits the cafe near his home with his wife and has a good relationship with the staff there . ' his actions were intended to be light-hearted , ' the statement said . ' it was never his intention to make her feel uncomfortable and he has apologised to her . ' jackie grant and scott brown , whose company hip group owns rosie cafe , told the herald of their disappointment with ms bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . they further stated that mr key is popular among the staff at the cafe in parnell , east of auckland .