somehow , to the backdrop of supporter unrest , protests and a worst-ever start to a premier league season , alan pardew managed to excavate five straight victories from a newcastle side which ranks as their most uninspiring of recent years . many fans may be loath to admit as much – others readily do – but without that freakish run manufactured by an embattled pardew , they would be headed for a second relegation in seven seasons . remove those five wins and united would have just 20 points – the autumn run , then , has saved them from the fall . alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season , who would only be on 20 points . newcastle 's fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager and were delighted when he resigned . when pardew quit for crystal palace at the end of december , newcastle were ninth . they were seven points off fourth and 10 from danger . today – on the back of six consecutive defeats - they are lucky that seven points still separate them from the bottom three , while the gap to fourth has extended to 29 . the 35 points on which they currently reside will probably be enough to renew their top-flight status . pardew won 26 of those . three weeks before embarking on that winning stretch , pardew had appeared on the brink of dismissal . behind the scenes , owner mike ashley was never going to dispense with his manager on the say-so of fan fury . nonetheless , pardew cut a resigned and wounded figure following a 1-0 defeat at stoke which left newcastle joint bottom with burnley . since his departure the players have look uninterested and unhappy playing for the club and john carver . from the negativity , however , was born a perverse positivity , driven by pardew’ s determination to repair a reputation so badly stained that his next posting would surely have been outside of the premier league . crucially , he kept his players on side – no mean feat given their current levels of disinterest – and so emerged a siege mentality which , on reflection , was to yield a season-saving 15 points . reputation restored , pardew’s exit plan was in place . he’d had enough of playing politician , caught at the centre of a toxic relationship between ashley and the club’s fanbase . the 53-year-old appeared to have hit rock bottom against stoke but picked up the players for the winning run . replacement john carver – like pardew , the sole public face of the crisis club – is discovering just how poisonous that atmosphere has become . it has now permeated a playing staff which , like the thousands of supporters who boycotted sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , have failed to turn up for the best part of 2015 . pardew , of course , was not without some serious flaws , and it was he who presided over six straight losses last season . but in his absence the club has begun to unravel . the squad has shown its true colours – a depressing grey which lacks energy , passion and invention . carver is proving he 's not cut out for top-level management , with two wins in the last 14 games . this sad situation , however , is the cause of a hierarchy which has stripped the club of ambition and meaning . with each passing defeat and demonstration , it becomes more apparent that perhaps pardew was not the problem . in fact , without him , their problems could have been far worse .