' gunman ' : claudio giardiello was described as ' very unusual ' and ' over the top ' by his former lawyer . a gunman has killed four people - including a judge and a witness - after going on a rampage at a milan court where he was due to appear today accused of fraudulent bankruptcy . the defendant , claudio giardiello , 46 , is said to have first killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi in an act of revenge ' against those that ruined me ' . prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ' cold premeditation ' . a fourth victim , understood to have been a witness , had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack . several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack , including giardiello 's former colleagues and accountant . after his killing spree , the gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike , reaching the town of vimercate 15 miles from milan before being arrested . giardiello likely used a false id pass to enter the court through a side door reserved for judges and lawyers , who are not obliged to have their belongings scanned by a metal detector , milan public prosecutor edmondo bruto liberati said . prime minister matteo renzi said the attack ' a moment of great pain , of sadness ' adding that it was ' unthinkable someone should be able to enter a court with a weapon . ' he promised ' the government will shed the utmost light on the event ' and described the police who had chased down and arrested the man as heroic . the gunman 's attack began when he fired four or five rounds from multiple weapons at 11am . witnesses reported barricading themselves inside their offices and taking cover under their desks as police hunted for the gunman . after texting loved ones that they were ok , employees and lawyers were eventually allowed to trickle out of the tribunal , women first , followed by the men who had their court id cards checked . gunman : claudio giardiello ( centre ) - the man who killed four people after opening fire on a milan courthouse - is escorted by italian police officers in vimercate barracks near the city . casualty : rescuers and police help a seriously injured man out of the justice palace in milan this morning . several others suffered serious injuries in the attack , including giardiello 's ex-colleagues and accountant . hundreds of people were eventually evacuated from the building as police hunted the gunman . ' there was a lot of panic at the beginning when people came running towards us saying there was a person with a pistol who had been shooting , ' said lawyer mirko ricetti , who said he locked himself in a first-floor courtroom after hearing a shot . police said giardiello fired 13 rounds in total , beginning his rampage by mortally wounding his co-accused , giorgio erba , and killing his lawyer mr appiani . another of his co-accused , davide limongelli , was injured in the gunfire . the armed assailant then allegedly sought out judge ciampi , shooting and wounding another man on the stairs on the way to the floor below . he allegedly entered the judge 's private office , letting off two shots that killed him instantly . mr bruti liberati said it was not clear whether there was any relationship between the gunman and the judge . after his killing spree , the gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike , reaching the town of vimercate 15 miles from milan before being arrested . giardiello was caught on video surveillance cameras fleeing the court and police traced him via his numberplate . interior minister angelino alfano later issued an update saying the suspect was arrested in a village 15 miles from central milan away after fleeing the scene on a motorcycle . he subsequently tweeted : ' caught in vimercate the alleged murderess of milan ' . he told a press conference it appeared the man ' was ready to kill others in vimercate , ' following reports giardiello had been heading towards another co-defendant , who was not present in court . giardello , who reportedly had a string of failed businesses , allegedly told police : ' i wanted to take revenge on those that ruined me ' , according to italian news agency ansa . he owned 55 per cent of a real estate company which went under in 2008 , media reports said . an ambulance with escort was seen leaving the vimercate police station , but it was not immediately clear if the gunman was inside . valerio maraniello , who once acted as a lawyer for the shooter , told afp his ex-client was ' an aggressive person , a little paranoid . ' ' he was always convinced people were trying to cheat him . he never listened to advice , ' he said , adding that he was ' not completely surprised ' by the deadly attack . hundreds of people were evacuated from the palace of justice building as police searched for the gunman . a plain clothes police officer helps to evacuate people from the tribunal building in milan this morning . leaders across the political sphere expressed shock that a gunman had managed to get into the court building . ' the fact that we 're not talking about an organisation which surveyed the place first makes it even more perturbing , ' said the head of the lombardy region , roberto maroni . alfano - in milan for a meeting on public order and safety ahead of the 2015 milan expo which opens in may - promised to investigate what he described as ' serious errors ' in security . ' if this is the level of security in expo milan imagine what potential terrorists can think of doing , ' said matteo salvini , head of the anti-immigration northern league party . judge gherardo colombo told journalists outside the court that he had known the murdered judge well . ' it 's absurd that one can die like that , while you 're doing your job , ' he said , suggesting ' an anti-judiciary climate ' may be to blame . the shooting immediately raised questions about how the man gained entrance to the fascist-era courthouse with a weapon , given that visitors must pass through metal detectors . heavily armed : police snipers arrive at milan 's palace of justice this morning following the shooting . security : police cars surround milan 's palace of justice building this morning after a man named locally as claudio giardiello opened fire . four people are thought to have died . the courthouse has metal detectors at the four main entrances , but lawyers and courthouse employees with official ids are regularly waved through without the additional security screen and accredited employees can drive into the internal garage . lawyers mirko and davide pupo noted that the metal detector from the lawyers ' entrance had been removed several months ago . employees who emerged after the shooting suggested that the gunman could easily have gained entrance without passing through the metal detector by entering with his lawyer , though other lawyers said their clients are routinely told to go in via the public entrance . deputy interior minister filippo bubbico said an investigation would determine who was to blame for any security lapse , given also that the gunman was not stopped as he moved from one floor to the next to continue the spree , and then was able to flee unimpeded . the palace of justice is in the historic centre of milan , only a few streets away from the city 's cathedral and shopping district .