the old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye , but in truth liars often stare . that 's according to former police officer , darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert . appearing on itv 's this morning , the former police officer who has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming ( the study of body signals ) , showed his immense skill in sniffing out deceit . scroll down for video . the old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye , but in truth liars often stare . darren stanton , who has become the uk 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert , appeared on this morning . he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair . he asked amanda holden to conceal a ball and then try and trick him about which hand it was in , but darren managed to spot her fib straight away . ' i noticed a slight flick on that side of the mouth – a micro expression , ' he said , much to the presenters amazement . philip schofield was also caught fibbing , which darren said he detected by a raised eyebrow . the full-time human lie detector , who recently sat in on the phone hacking trial , then shared his secrets on the this morning website . how do you tell if someone is telling porkies ? ' people might clutch a clipboard , file or coffee cup to their chest , creating a subconscious barrier if they 're lying , ' he says . ' or hold it in two hands . darren knew presenter amanda holden was fibbing due to a slight flick on one side of the mouth , much to the presenters amazement . ' statistically it 's a myth that a liar ca n't look you in the eye . three to five seconds of eye contact is normal . any longer and they are either in love with you or fibbing . he also said that brief answers and hesitation are also signs of lying . ' liars do n't like being asked for details . if they 're not prepared , they 'll either mirror your language or stutter for an answer , ' he explains . ' the greater the consequences , the more signals a liar gives off , ' adds , giving the example that a person who has committed a serious fraud would give more signals than someone who has stolen a cream cake . but according to the lie-sniffing expert people often have an accurate gut instinct about whether those close to them are telling the truth or not . ' the difference is that the techniques i 've learned accelerate this process so i can have the same level of rapport and insight with another in seconds , ' he explains . but one of the easiest ways to spot a liar is spotting a twitch . liars often twitch when they are being untruthful , ' he says . ' sometimes it can be a particularly long blink , or it could be a tiny muscle in the cheek or neck . men in particular have an area at the bottom of their nose that twitches when they are fibbing . ' busted ! phillip schofield was also caught fibbing by human lie detector .   