a five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item ' bucket list ' for their terminally ill son has tragically died - with sadly only one item ticked off . elijah mccrae 's heartbroken parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ' happiest baby ever ' , after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening . ' we thought we had at least another week , ' ms mccrae said . ' it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away . he passed peacefully in my arms . they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it 's his time . ' ' we thought we had at least another week , ' ms mccrae said . ' it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away . he passed peacefully in my arms ' . in a series of heartbreaking posts , ms mccrae documented the gut-wrenching final stages of their beloved son 's fight for life . ' i 'd rather death happen suddenly than have to grieve the impending death of my child then grieve again when he dies , ' she posted on april 17 . ' i became so overwhelmed at knowing that one day i will be in the house without him in this world . ' on the morning of april 19 , the parents were overwhelmed by love and hope , and shared a picture of elijah in his hospital bed . ' he is full of smiles - love this kid , ' it read . ' tomorrow we discuss elijah 's end of life care in a multidisciplinary meeting . and hopefully we can then go home within a few days . ' that hope was replaced by fear later in the day , when elijah took a turn for the worse . ' about an hour and a half ago i saw elijah stop breathing , ' she posted about 8pm on april 19 . little elijah suffered with the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) . he was born strong , before becoming ' very floppy ' . ‘ his sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us , ' his mum jessica mccrae said . ' he was white and he closed his eyes . this was the first time i saw him like that . ' he is incredibly weak and we are now wondering what it all means . this means that we will most likely never be going home . i fainted when i saw his chest stop rising and falling . amid the unimaginable dread , his parents were given a moment of immense happiness , when their baby elijah began ' smiling like nothing happened ' after the scare . hours later , elijah died in his mother 's loving arms . the first item ticked off ellijah 's list was a trip to the sydney royal easter show so he could meet all of the animals . andrew , jessica and elijah had a day out at the easter show earlier this month . elijah is pictured with some of his furry friends . his parents had hoped to take him to sydney wildlife world and featherdale wildlife park as well . his parents created the to-do list after he was diagnosed with a genetic illness that meant he would likely not live to see his second birthday . elijah suffered from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) , which saw him get weaker as he got older . the family , from penrith in sydney 's west , were able to visit the sydney royal easter show - ticking off one of the items on the bucket list . the list included plans to take a road trip to queensland to watching the sunrise , and visits to sydney 's aquarium and opera house , ms mccrae told daily mail australia . ' just because he ca n't move his body does n't mean he ca n't enjoy life any other way , like the rest of us can , ' she said . andrew mccrae cradles his little boy . born strong , he became ' very floppy ' . his parents were devastated when he was diagnosed . they created the list in an effort to avoid wallowing in the sadness of the shocking situation . ' you can sit there and be depressed about it , or say , `` he 's here for two years , we 've got to make the most of it , ' jessica said . they created the list out of their love for their son , and heartbreak at seeing other happy families having fun with their grown children . ' i thought , `` let 's make a bucket list . ' i 've got my own - like travelling the world - but ( elijah ) wo n't ever be able to do things like that . ' so why do n't we do things we would do with a child when we 're older ? ' the hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' jessica said . ' we have to enjoy it now . we do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now . ' the family had made a fundraising page in the hope they could use the money to complete the list together . but the item they want the most is to celebrate elijah 's first birthday with a big party , and had hoped he would make it to that milestone . ' we have to enjoy it now . we do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now ' . ' the hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' jessica said . elijah was born very strong but has lost a lot of muscle because of his condition . ''it breaks you , to see your baby get so weak , ' his mum said . 1 . trip to new zealand . 2 . the gold coast . 3 . experience movie world . 4 . see sea world . 5 . visit australia zoo . 6 . go to wollongong.. . 7 . an adventure to forster . 8 . see palm beach . 9 . take a peek at the entrance . 10 . go to coffs harbour . 11 . swing by byron bay . 12 . attend the sydney aquarium . 13 . see the creatures at sydney wildlife park . 14 . pat the animals at featherdale wildlife park . 15 . paddle at manly/bondi beach . 16 . see the opera house . 17 . visit darling harbour . 18 . be dazzled by the vivid light festival . 19 . take him on a ferry . 20 . watch the sunset and sunrise . 21 . visit the three sisters/blue mountains . 22 . go to mt tomah ( ' a taste of scotland ' ) 23 . attend the bundanoon highland gathering . 24 . have a family photoshoot . 25 . celebrate his 6th months on earth with a party . 26 . dedicate him to god . 26 . host a 1st birthday party . 27 . go to the easter show ( done ) . 28 . head to a museum . 29 . visit the look-a-likes at madame tussauds .