four children were rescued from their philadelphia home sunday after police say their mother locked them in the basement for 15 hours without food as punishment for bad behavior . the woman , a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child . firefighters rescued the woman 's three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . scroll down for video . rescue : firefighters in philadelphia rescued sunday four children from the basement of a two-story home ( second right ) on east atlantic street . harsh punishment : police say their mother of the three girls an a boy locked them in this basement for 15 hours without access to food or bathroom . firefighters broke through this second-floor window to enter the locked home and extract the hungry kids . first responders had to break through a second-floor window to enter the locked home in the 1900 block of east atlantic street in the kensington section of philadelphia . all four children were taken to st christopher’s hospital for children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition . neighbors were stunned to learn of the allegations against the mother of four , whom they described as a hard-working airport employee and nursing student . block captain victoria sipes said her neighbor 's children attend school regularly and are often seen playing outside with other kids . ‘ it does n't seem like her , ’ sipes told the station 6abc . ‘ i know that she 's been going through a lot lately , but this is not something it would seem like she would do . ’ police spokeswoman tanya little said the mother deliberately locked her children in the basement at around 11pm saturday , and they spent the next 15 hours without access to food or bathroom . a friend of one of the children , a 12-year-old girl , said she saw her arguing with her mother saturday afternoon . a family friend told nbc10 the mother locked her kids in the basement because one of them stole money . aphrodite sanchez , a friend of the woman 's 12-year-old daughter , said she saw the girl arguing outside with her mother saturday afternoon . following the rescue sunday , the mother was taken in for questioning . her children will be either placed with other relatives , or released into the custody of the department of human services . 