blackburn rovers are in familiar territory facing an fa cup replay against one of the country 's best , only this time it 's liverpool and not manchester city . last season , the championship side held eventual premier league champions city to a draw , but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return . none-the-less , midfielder tom cairney did n't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed yaya toure 's shirt at the end , which takes pride of place framed in his living room . ' i do n't know what he did with mine , i think he needed something to clean his car with ! ' cairney jokes , hoping that there will not be a repeat when they host liverpool on wednesday in their fa cup quarter-final replay . ' when we went to anfield in the last match we were scared of failing and scared of getting hammered . that 's part of what makes you dig even deeper against those sides . ' raheem sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . tom cairney , who will face sterling on wednesday night , has sympathy for the young winger . blackburn manager gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players ' studs will sink a little further into the ewood park turf , currently in a sorry state , to help their cause . ' against brighton in our last game there you had to take three touches to control the ball , ' cairney explains . ' personally , it 's not what i like , but if it takes philippe coutinho a few extra seconds to control the ball then i will be happy with that . ' it does not suit cairney , 24 , who is a ball-playing central midfielder with a sweet left foot . but he is also not afraid to get stuck in , learned when he had a taste of the top flight as a teenager at hull city when phil brown threw him in as the club were heading down . since then , after moving to blackburn , on loan first and permanently last summer , he would kill for a chance to get back there . one might expect him , then , to be incredulous that liverpool 's raheem sterling is turning down contracts worth £100,000-per-week but cairney feels sympathy instead . ' i know it sounds stupid more than one hundred grand a week but that 's the world we live in and that 's football , ' he says . ' it 's up to him . if he stays at liverpool he will be one of the top players for the next eight years . ' he might be thinking the top dog at liverpool is on a lot more and he feels he 's doing a job just as well . to turn down one hundred grand a week in our world is crazy but he 's in the top three 20-year-olds in the world . ' sterling shares a laugh in training ahead of liverpool 's fa cup replay with blackburn on wednesday . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal , admitting he was ' flattered ' by their interest . part of sterling 's issue is that boss brendan rodgers sometimes plays him as a wing-back instead of up front , where the player prefers . ' i was pleased when he played wing-back against us in the first match , ' cairney adds . ' he was out of the way a little bit . ' cairney has his own taste of superstardom , too , if only around blackburn 's brockhall training ground where he goes by the nickname of ' justin bieber . ' when he first joined the club , the other players dug up pictures that revealed his uncanny resemblance to the canadian pop star . ' it was on my old facebook . i had a basketball vest on and shades and a cap backwards , ' cairney says . ' i did n't have any stubble because i ca n't grow it so they thought i looked a bit like bieber . ' he 's not bad with the ladies is he ? and i like a few of his songs so it could have been worse . ' cairney and sterling — and bieber , come to that -— were not born the last time , before this season , blackburn met liverpool in an fa cup quarter-final . that was in 1958 when ron clayton and ally macleod scored late on for blackburn to overturn bobby murdoch 's early liverpool goal . yet cairney 's upbringing was rich in the competition due to his father ian . ' he used to go on about the fa cup all the time when i was little , ' cairney says . blackburn were hammered by edin dzeko ( centre ) and co in a fa cup replay last season . ' some people do n't see it as big as they used to in the olden days . but the fa cup is one of the most famous competitions in world football . to play in a semi-final at wembley would be a dream . ' he 'd go on about hereford beating newcastle 2-1 in 1972 , those types of games . i 'd say right , dad , bore me later , but he is right . the underdog playing the favourites , anything can happen . we 've shown that this season . ' he ca n't believe i 'm playing in an fa cup quarter-final . he used to play four or five rounds before the third round and think it was good . ' if you spoke to him you 'd think he was maradona . he played local . to be fair , he has a good touch . he played for non-league around nottingham . ' he sometimes tells me things and i 'm like dad , shut up , you were playing against drunken keepers on sunday mornings . ' a wembley day out against aston villa welcomes the winner . if cairney and co make it , his father will have another fa cup upset to go on about .