for inverness the latest chapter in their remarkable story featured not one , but two , plot-changing twists . one featured penalty celtic did n't get for 2-0 in which josh meekings handball should have also led to a sending off . the other the spot kick they did , followed by a red card for craig gordon . ' i 've not seen it yet , but going by the reaction of the celtic players we got away with a penalty and a sending off and that was probably the turning point in the game , ' acknowledged caley manager john hughes after . inverness 's josh meekings appears to get away with a handball on the line in their win over celtic . caley boss john hughes says the break , which could have meant a penalty and red card , was a turning point . ' i 've not spoken to josh . i have n't seen it - but going by the media it was definitely a hand ball . we look at the referee behind the line and all that and i know ronny will feel aggrieved - because i certainly would . ' but it 's part and parcel of football and you need a wee bit of luck to beat celtic . ' this was their biggest game of the season because they will go on and win the league and if they had beaten us today there was a good chance they would have gone on and won the scottish cup . ' but when marley watkins was clipped by craig gordon and they were down to 10 men that was advantage inverness . ' we were n't going to give celtic the ball back , they had to come and get it and we had to be patient . ' when big edward put us into the lead we thought it was going to be our day on the back of things that had happened . ' celtic equalised with another free kick but it 's typical of inverness that we do n't do anything easy . ' we do it the hard way and we came up with the winner through david raven . ' hughes hauled raven , his scouse defender , from his backside as extra-time beckoned . offended by the sight of one of his players resting he had a message to impart . caley players celebrate after upsetting celtic in a scottish cup semi-final 3-2 thriller . celtic , depleted by games and absentees , were virtually on their knees after a relentless programme of midweek games . in last season 's league cup final inverness had been passive and unambitious prior to losing on penalties . this was no time to repeat the mistake . ' i tried to emphasise to the players they would never have a better time to go on and beat celtic , down to 10 men in the semi final of a cup . we needed to go for it , ' hughes said . ' before raven scored at the back post i was looking to change it . i was going to bring on another winger , aaron doran , and put him in the full-back position over on the right , but more advanced so he could take their left back on . thankfully i did n't do that and david raven came up with the goal . virgil van dijk ( centre ) fired celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute . ' i did n't realise this is the first time the club have been in the final of the scottish cup and that 's a remarkable achievement given it was only formed 20 years ago . ' it is a great story is n't it ? it 's an absolutely fantastic story . it is 20 odd years since the amalgamation . we are a small provincial club up there in the highlands . ' we have lost a real inspirational skipper in richie foran right from the start of the season . he has never played . we have had to adjust to that . ' we had to sell billy mckay , our top goalscorer , at christmas . we have had to go again and adjust . i am a very humble guy and i am grateful and thankful that injuries have never caught up with us . ' there is remarkable irony in the fact falkirk will be the opponents for the final . a former bairns captain , he was manager of the club in 2009 when they lost to rangers at hampden . former falkirk captain and manager john hughes will take on his former club in the final . ' i had a lot of great times at falkirk . so much so that it is possibly my favourite time in my playing career . i am still friendly with an awful lot of the characters who were in that dressing room . neil oliver is a good friend of mine from my falkirk days . he comes along and sits on the bench and gives me a wee hand out . ' that is the spirit that we had at that club . i have met some great guys . brian rice , my ex-coach , davie weir , ian mccall , the list is endless . i was just talking the other day about that day at falkirk . there are times even now when i see . ' i have a real special , special feel for the place . i am not kidded falkirk is a right good side , trust me on that . no side goes to tynecastle and beats hearts without being a good side . no side beats hibs the way they were playing without being a good side . you might say we are favourites i say it is even stevens and i am just looking forward to when the days comes . ' david raven ( second right ) celebrates with his inverness team-mates following his extra-time winner . an inverness and falkirk final would not have been the choice of sponsors william hill , you suspect . vast swathes of hampden 's west stand were empty , a 12.15 kick-off for the benefit of broadcasters proving unhelpful . there will be no ticket rows this time . not over a final unlikely to raise a crowd much higher than 35,000 in a stadium of 52,000 . the contract with hampden plc is signed , with no question of moving it . if the bitter amalgamation of 21 years ago produced a fine football club it also disenfranchised many of those who followed the old ones . ' i hope this encourages the next generation to follow inverness , ' added hughes . ' in the peer groups it is still celtic and rangers they follow but i hope the next ones will want to support their local club . ' if we can add another few hundred or thousand to the support then we are playing our part . ' 