hull bounced back from thursday 's derby defeat to hull kr to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at langtree park , condemning st helens to a third straight defeat . a long-distance jamie shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side , who appeared to be hanging on after their good friday exertions . the injury-hit champions - who were in the wars again last week , losing to rivals wigan - started with two teenage debutants in their three-quarters , and hull sensed that there were some seams to pick at . fetuli talanoa ( left ) celebrates scoring against st helens as hull recorded a shock victory . hull took an early lead after forcing a repeat set from a fumbled high kick and then another from offside on the line . that pressure finally told when joe westerman and leon pryce combined to create the space for shaul to slip through . jordan rankin added the extras to make it 6-0 . a saints penalty from a high tackle put them in a good attacking spot and from there nice work from lance hohaia and james roby sent the supporting tommy makinson skipping through . makinson tagged on the two to level the match . and saints were soon back for more and this time a lovely short ball from jordan turner sent louie mccarthy-scarsbrook powering over the whitewash , with makinson adding the goal . tom makinson , who brought saints level after shaul 's early try , breaks away from two tacklers . the to-and-fro nature continued and a pair of hull penalties gave them a great position to have another crack at the line with wing curtis naughton just managing to get the ball down despite tackle of bailey to cut the deficit to 12-10 on 24 minutes . saints very nearly hit right back with fresh-legged alex walmsley believing he had cashed in on a hull dropped ball with a try , only for the in-goal touch judge to rule a knock on in the build up . saints made a tactical switch at the break , with youngster bailey withdrawn and the backline reshuffled . hull hit the front eight minutes into the second half when former saint leon pryce made a telling intervention , attacking the line and getting the ball down despite the tackle . rankin 's goal made it 16-12 to the visitors . saints almost hit back immediately with a great break by roby carving open the hull defence , but although that play was foiled on the line they were soon back for more . joe westerman and mark minichiello stop andre savelio as hull recorded a vital win at st helens . and from a penalty on 54 minutes turner , playing against his former club , showed some determination in driving towards the posts . makinson improved to put saints 18-16 ahead . saints did suffer a stroke of bad luck when adam swift pieced the hull left flank and was looking dangerous but then lost the ball . hull forced an error when hohaia was adjudged to have knocked on a high pryce kick . from there the visitors piled on the pressure and that finally told when a floated wide ball sent fetuli talanoa over on 66 minutes . rankin missed the goal but hull had a two-point lead and looked determined to defend it . the visitors ' defence holds firm to stop josh jones breaking through as jordan rankin brings him down . a penalty from a high tackle allowed makinson to level from 30 metres nine minutes from time , but the saints were hanging on . after a high kick was caught and returned quickly by swift , saints were soon back on the front foot , but a fumble by ashworth on the halfway line turned the ball over . hull countered ruthlessly with shaul showing a great turn of pace and nimble footwork to turn makinson inside out to run in from halfway . rankin goaled and to compound saints ' misery the restart kick went out on the full . hull worked their way down field with rankin slotting another penalty to make the game safe with three minutes to play . 