dmitry kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ' supercenternarians ' . a moldovan multi-millionaire whose dream it is to live forever has promised to give $ 1 million to the first person to reach the age of 123 . dmitry kaminskiy , a senior partner of hong kong-based firm , deep knowledge ventures , is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ' supercenternarians ' . he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the ' real absolute limit to human lifespan ' . ' we live in the most exciting era of human development when technologies become exponential and transformative , ' kaminskiy told dailymail.com . ' they may not realise it , but some of the supercentenarians alive today may see the dawn of the next century if they live long enough for these transformative technologies to develop . ' i hope that my prize will help some of them desire longer lifespans and make their approaches to living longer a little more competitive . ' french born jeanne calment currently holds the record , having lived to age 122.5 . she died in 1997 . already , a number of supercentenarians are candidates to best calment 's record . the oldest verifiable supercentenarians living now are jeralean talley , at 115 years , and susannah mushatt jones , also at 115 years . both are americans , and talley is older by 44 days . in the last few years , major anti-aging companies , such as google 's calico and j. craig venture 's new san diego-based genome sequencing start-up human longevity inc , have launched . along side this , billionaires like larry ellison , sergey brin , peter thiel , paul f. glenn , and dmitry itskov are also funding research into longevity science . one of the oldest supercentenarians living today is jeralean talley , at 115 years old . she is pictured here with a photograph showing her and her late husband alfred in her home in inkster , michigan . google has invested in taxi firms , smart thermostats and even artificial intelligence but it is also setting its sights on immortality - or at least increasing our lives five-fold . in an interview with bloomberg , google ventures ' president bill maris said he thinks it 's possible to live to 500 years old . and this will be helped by medical breakthroughs as well as a rise in biomechanics . he has already ploughed money into genetics firms and cancer diagnostic startups and said : ' we have the tools in the life sciences to achieve anything that you have the audacity to envision . i just hope to live long enough not to die . ' mr maris has advised aurolab in the development of a hydrophobic acrylic lens for cataract blindness , and helped develop google’s calico project . calico is a research and development company set up in 2013 by google and apple to tackle ' ageing and associated diseases . ' google co-founder larry page said the project would focus on ' health , wellbeing and longevity ' and last september calico partnered with abbvie to open a research centre into neurodegeneration and cancer . although these firms are focused on extending life naturally , there is also a group that believes machines will be the key to extending lives beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the ' real absolute limit to human lifespan ' . itskov is the founder of the 2045 initiative with the goal of helping humans achieve physical immortality within the next three decades . reuters reported that gerontologist dr aubrey de grey , chief scientist at sens research foundation and anti-aging advisor to the us transhumanist party , thinks scientists may be able to control aging in the near future . ' i 'd say we have a 50/50 chance of bringing aging under what i 'd call a decisive level of medical control within the next 25 years or so , ' he said . kaminskiy is hopeful people will soon start living to 150 years of age with longevity science improving . studies in stopping and reversing aging in mice have already shown some success , and people around the world are generally living longer all the time . for example , life expectancy hit an all time high of nearly 79 years-old in 2014 in america according to a report from centers for disease control and prevention 's national center for health statistics . additionally , britain 's oldest person , ethel lang , just died at the age of 114 . she was believed to be the last person living in the uk who was born in the reign of queen victoria . whether kaminskiy 's million dollar prize will encourage people to live longer is still to be seen . but this is n't the first time kaminskiy has made news with in the longevity field using his resources . at january 's jpmorgan health care conference in san francisco , he recently bet dr alex zhavoronkov , phd , ceo of anti-aging company insilico medicine inc. for a million dollars in stock who would live beyond 100 years of age . ' we live in the most exciting era of human development when technologies become exponential and transformative , ' kaminskiy told dailymail.com . ' they may not realise it , but some of the supercentenarians alive today may see the dawn of the next century ' . ' longevity competitions may be a great way to combat both psychological and biological aging , ' dr. zhavoronkov said . ' i hope that we will start a trend . ' zhavorokov thinks longevity science today resembles the computer industry in the 70s or networking in mid-90s . ' most of the pieces are there , ' he said . ' we just need a product or a service to transform the way we live . the revolution in longevity is just around the corner and it is time to seriously engage in the field . ' historically speaking , prizes have made a difference in the way science and culture has evolved , and also in the way people look at the world . the nobel prizes , given out in stockholm , sweden every year , are perhaps the most famous and coveted of all awards on the planet . at january 's jpmorgan health care conference in san francisco , dmitry kaminskiy ( right ) made a bet with dr alex zhavoronkov ( left ) , phd , ceo of anti-aging company insilico medicine inc. for a million dollars in stock who would live beyond 100 years of age . scientists and peace activists careers can change overnight by winning the prestigious prize . it 's possible the million dollar prize for the longest living person ever on the planet will also evolve into a well-known award . perhaps other wealthy enthusiasts will step forward to offer new longevity awards after a supercentenarian reaches age 123 . maybe a trend will be set , and new awards for age 135 , or even age 150 will be established .