real madrid are desperate to land manchester united goalkeeper david de gea , but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal wo n't negotiate , according to reports in spain . de gea has been in fantastic form this season , while real 's legendary stopper iker casillas has long been seen as unreliable . although the european champions would like to sign de gea this june , they are looking at the possibility of picking up chelsea 's petr cech to fill the gap in between , while the spaniard runs down his contract at old trafford , which expires next year . real madrid 's attempt to nab david de gea is the big story in as , while marca focus on james rodriguez . in a move that spanish paper as calls ' operation de gea ' , the paper claims real are only prepared to pay for the keeper if united ' fix a reasonable price ' - otherwise they will nab him for free in a year . de gea 's contract is up at old trafford in the summer of 2016 , and he is yet to sign a new deal , with united still uncertain of champions league football for next season . cech , meanwhile , looks certain to leave stamford bridge this summer , with the czech keeper likely to command a fee of around £10million . elsewhere in spain the focus is on lionel messi 's injury , which is still causing him some problems ahead of barcelona 's trip to celta vigo on sunday . sport say ' messi is ok ' , with the news that ' all tests were positive ' on his injured foot , and marca add that the barca star has ' overcome the pain ' . lionel messi 's injury dominates in sport , while in italy there is more news on palermo 's paulo dybala . however , the madrid-based paper also report that ' he still can’t put his boot on ' because of the injury to his metatarsal . there is better news for james rodriguez , who is also set to return from injury , with marca reporting that he will start for real madrid on sunday , his first game for 59 days . in italy there are reports that palermo striker paulo dybala , who has been linked with arsenal , could join up with former manchester city manager roberto mancini at inter milan . corriere dello sport reports that inter are ready to offer £22million for the argetinian youngster .