' if you can find my submarine , it 's yours , ' russian oil billionaire roman abramovich once said . and it seems the oligarch and chelsea fc owner , whose submarine is just one of the extras that came with his £300million superyacht eclipse ( perfect for getting to shore undetected ) , is not the only wealthy businessman splashing out on underwater exploration . dubbed earth 's real ' final frontier ' , the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world 's oceans . so if you have a spare few million in the bank and want some holiday snaps and instagram posts that will really trump everyone else , you may want to snap up one of these ... whale of a time : the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration . the orcasub by spymaster . sleek , silent and somewhat expensive , this submarine is the perfect toy for the underwater wildlife-lover . the streamlined vessel was built with the intention of allowing explorers to come eye to eye with the creatures of the deep without scaring them off . in light of this , the luxury vehicle is battery power to allow passengers to sail silently through the water . adventurers can explore up to 2,000ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour . pilots will be encased in pressurised spaces with perspex domes , which give a 360 degree underwater view of everything from shipwrecks to coral reefs . the orcasub does not come cheap and will set you back £1,284,169 ( $ 1.9 million ) . whale watch ! what makes the migaloo stand out from the crowd is the ability to experience nature both above and below the water , as the vessel can be both a yacht or a submarine . at one with nature : the vehicle by motion code : blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet , providing your guests with a luxury adventure . luxury surroundings ! sail through the seas in a two-storey owner 's suite and eight vip suites for guests . migaloo by motion code : blue . the super rich do not have to decide whether to use their yacht or their submarine , as the two double up as one with the migaloo by motion code : blue . the 377 feet long private white yacht allows for complete privacy as you can chose whether to lounge on the sun roof above waters , or whale watch below the surface with a maximum diving depth of 820 feet ( 250 metres ) . it also boasts a helipad , a two-storey owner 's suite with a private patio and eight vip suites for guests . motion code : blue are yet to build one of these to order , but it is estimated to cost about $ 2.3 billion to construct one , if you compare it to a similar virginia-class attack submarine by the u.s. navy , which dives at the same sort of depths . sir richard branson enjoying a ride in the super falcon from deepflight which automatically floats to the surface for safety . the technology allows submarines to be piloted by the owner ( or a designated crew member ) after a short training session and do not require a highly specialised pilot . pictured here is the dragon . super falcon and dragon by deepflight . if these submarines are good enough for sir richard branson , they are surely good enough for us . these personal submarines aim to be both innovative and safe , as being buoyant , they automatically float to the surface of the water . they currently offer two deepflight submarines : super falcon and dragon . they are both capable of barrel rolls with dolphins , or spy-hopping out of the water like a whale . additionally , deepflight are all-electric and have zero emissions . the super falcon and dragon are priced at £1.15 million ( $ 1.7 million ) and £1 million ( $ 1.5 million ) respectively . the super yacht sub 3 offers compact private submersible sailing , and allows three passengers to explore the ocean . u-boat worx has developed the submarine , which is perfect for exploring underwater life up to 984 feet below the surface . super yacht sub 3 by u-boat worx . it has a somewhat ominous name , but the u-boat worx design is a somewhat intimate way to explore the ocean beneath your superyacht . the super yacht sub 3 is known as the sports car of the seas and lets a pilot and two passengers plunge 984 feet ( 300 metres ) below the surface . not only a luxurious trip , but the panoramic front window allows for incredible views of the fish , and aquatic life . costing slightly more than the average car , the all-included price is £900,000 - a snip for a billionaire . a unforgettable night ! oliver 's travels lets you rent out a submarine , complete with captain , chef and butler for £175,000 a night . ocean dining ! to complete the luxury experience , a specialist aphrodisiac tasting menu has been developed to ensure that guests are in the mood to make full use of the lovers deep facilities , free of charge for those with a honeymoon package booking . mile low club by oliver 's travels . for those wanting to plan a date with a difference look no further than a trip aboard lovers ' deep , a luxury submarine specialising in romantic getaways . it 's the perfect underwater escape for those who ca n't stretch to buying their own submarine , but can still pay big bucks for an ultra-luxurious experience . guests will be looked after by a crew consisted of a captain , chef and personal butler , who reside at the other end of the vessel . the world is your oyster as the concierge service allows you to be in complete control of your adventure , so you can moor up anywhere from a stunning coral reef off the coast of st. lucia to near a sunken battleship in the red sea . with optional extras including helicopter transfers with a beach landing , free rose petal scattering service or champagne breakfast in bed , it could make an unusual romantic package . that is if you can afford the price tag , which is a hefty £175,000 per night ( excluding air travel ) . the trilobis 65 is a 65 foot long eco-yacht for six people , ideal for bays , atolls and sea parks . best of both worlds ! whether you want to lounge on deck , or see underwater , the vessel caters for all . trilobis 65 by giancarlo zema design group . this vessel is the water equivalent of a space ship , and is the first eco-yacht allowing guests to experience underwater life in a non-polluting habitat . trilobis 65 consists of four levels that are connected by a spiral staircase , including an ocean viewpoint submerged at 9 feet below the surface . it houses six seating places , connect with high-tech software to control lighting , and get real time information on the sea-bed and fish surrounding it . the windows are electrochemical and change their opacity manually or automatically , depending on how light it is outside . the solar energy on top help to power the vehicle , and the electric engines are driven by hydrogen fuel cells that produce drinking water as waste material , through an electrochemical process , making the vessel a non-polluting project . it is priced at approximately £3.6 million ( €5 million ) with customisation available for furnishings and décor . aqua adventure : the c-explorer 3 's bowl-like interior makes you feel as though you are in an aquarium as you navigate passed fish and aquatic life . c-explorer 3 by u-boat worx . another offering by the u-boat worx team is the c-explorer 3 . this boasts 360 degree panoramic viewing thanks to its acrylic hull , enabling you to feel as close to nature as possible . the round orb gives the feeling of being in an aquarium , creating the ultimate ocean experience . enjoy your submersion in luxury , with a comfortable interior and viewing area . the extra view comes at an added cost , with prices for this vessel starting from £1,450,000 ( €2,000,000 ) .  