the six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state . dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms , he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread . his rescuers called him rupert : a teddy bear name for a teddy bear temperament . despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed . to see him today , three months on but still unsteady on his feet , it seems heartless beyond belief that anyone could leave such a vulnerable creature to die . sixteen-year-old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is just one of the many people finding that they can no longer keep up with the financial costs of keeping and looking after a horse . but , sadly , stories like rupert’s are all too common . across the country , horses , ponies and donkeys — many of them once much-loved family pets — are being abandoned in record numbers and left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them . animal welfare charities , meanwhile , are full to capacity , leaving them increasingly helpless in the wake of the hundreds of calls they receive every month about neglected or abandoned horses . earlier this month , in desperation , the rspca launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care . their three sanctuaries , with capacity for 640 horses , are full , with 500 other horses being kept at huge expense in private boarding stables while they wait for a place . three thousand more , meanwhile , are estimated to be at risk , although the real number could be much higher . last year , the rspca alone took in 1,500 horses , many of them former family pets . little wonder that the word rspca workers are using to describe the situation is ‘crisis’ . as anna hemmings , centre manager at lockwood , one of their three animal centres , puts it , trying to provide care for the ever-growing numbers of needy equines is a ‘ constant battle’ . ‘ the moment we rehome a horse another one steps into its place , ’ she says . ‘ i have been here for four years and every year the problem has got worse . ’ sara cooper , 33 , a trainee agricultural assistant from wiltshire , says that since an accident which hurt her back she can no longer ride her horse pip , and as a result ca n't afford to keep him either . it’s hard to argue with the numbers , which all equine welfare organisations say have risen steadily in the recession , and continue to do so , despite the economy improving . dene stansall , a horse consultant for campaign group animal aid , says that many people remain unable to afford the minimum £3,000 cost per year to keep a horse — a sum that can soar if there are veterinary bills . yet those who bought a horse years ago and are now struggling to afford it , find they have no one to sell to . ‘ there is no demand or buoyancy in the market compared with seven or eight years ago , ’ says dene . ‘ people might afford a new tv , but they can’t commit to the long-term care of an animal . ’ sara 's horse pip ( pictured ) is one of the many family pets who find themselves either being sold on by owners who can no longer afford to keep them , or abandoned by those who fail to find them a new home . reluctant to sell their horses to abattoirs , many owners mistakenly believe that leaving them to fend for themselves on a patch of land such as a roadside verge — a common practice known as fly-grazing , which is illegal — is the better option . in reality , however , most horses can not survive for long without human care . the problem is that more and more owners are taking on horses without preparation . mother-of-four teresa christie , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , is the first to admit she was naive about horse ownership — and as a result has been left frantically trying to find a home for her 16-year-old daughter elise’s irish cob beau , without success . ‘ none of us realised the financial commitment of owning a horse , ’ says teresa . ‘ we didn’t have any land so found him a field and stables which cost £80 a month . ’ then there is beau’s food and hay , which can cost up to £100 a month , and the regular £30 charge to keep his hooves trimmed . ‘we’ve at least been lucky that he’s been healthy , so the vet bills have been low , but vaccinations are still £260 a year , ’ she says . ‘ it began to get more and more of a stretch to care for him . ’ sara 's back pain forced her to give up her beloved horse pip ( pictured together left ) . ' on average , i was paying £160 a month to rent a field and a stable . it was £10 for a bag of feed which lasts two or three days ' . the situation reached crisis point last summer — by when teresa had taken a part-time cleaning job to help fund beau’s care , while elise had started work as a trainee hairdresser to help out , too . ‘ but it still wasn’t enough money . i thought : “ i can’t do this any more” — i’ve got four children and there are other priorities , ’ says teresa . ‘it’s been a difficult decision , but the truth is beau is a luxury we can’t afford . ’ so , earlier this year , the family made the reluctant decision to put him up for sale . yet months on , there still have been no takers — though the family is adamant they will not abandon him . teresa’s experience chimes with that of sara cooper , 33 , a trainee agricultural assistant from wiltshire . the mother-of-two has always loved riding her 20-year-old horse pip , but last year had to stop after being kicked by a cow , leaving her with back pain . ‘ riding now exacerbates the pain and i simply can’t afford to keep a horse that i can’t ride , ’ she says . ‘ on average , i was paying £160 a month to rent a field and a stable . it was £10 for a bag of feed which lasts two or three days . ’ long-time rider melanie maddocks , a 54-year-old self-employed carer from barnstable , devon , says rocketing costs drove her to give away her beautiful 14-year-old cob , connie . and so , like teresa , she had to make the painful decision to get rid of pip , selling him to a family in buckinghamshire . the price of hay has risen far beyond inflation , with some farmers putting up a bale by £5 . it is a cost hitting busy animal sanctuaries harder than ever . fiona oakes , who runs tower hill stables animal sanctuary in tillingham , essex , is overseeing 50 abandoned or neglected horses . ‘ we have had them left tied up outside the sanctuary gates , ’ says fiona , 48 . ‘we’ve found horses in such a pitiful state that it makes you want to weep . ’ like the beautiful palomino pony , found in a coal shed , skeletally thin , cast aside when she was too old to be ridden . ‘ she would have been every little girl’s fantasy in her prime , but once she had outlived her usefulness she ended up in this appalling state , ’ says fiona . ‘ it was heartbreaking . ’ melanie found it so difficult to find a buyer for horse connie , at one point she considered having her put to sleep . ' the thought broke my heart , but i didn’t know what to do , ’ she says . long-time rider melanie maddocks , a 54-year-old self-employed carer from barnstable , devon , says rocketing costs drove her to give away her beautiful 14-year-old cob , connie , who she couldn’t afford alongside her other horse , flossie . at one point last year , she became so overwhelmed that she contemplated having connie put to sleep . ‘ the thought broke my heart , but i didn’t know what to do , ’ she says . in the end , after many frantic phone calls , melanie found a local stud farm , who took connie to breed from . ‘ i was lucky , although it was devastating . but a lot of people abandon their horses as they don’t know what else to do and think it’s the kinder option . ’ well-meaning or not , fly-grazing is now heartbreakingly common and many owners do not comply with laws requiring them to microchip their horses , making tracing them impossible . so it is left to animal sanctuaries to take in the poor creatures — if they are discovered in time to save them .