one of the three east london schoolgirls who left the uk to become ' jihadi brides ' in syria has confirmed that she is now living in the islamic state - by tweeting a picture of chicken and chips . amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , in february , and is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa . now , nearly two months after her departure , amira has shared a snippet of life in the islamic state - posting an online photo of her enjoying a takeaway dinner with another teenage ' jihadi bride ' . scroll down for video . isis spread : london schoolgirl amira abase , 15 , has tweeted from inside the islamic state for the first time ( above ) , bragging about a western-style takeaway dinner of fried chicken , chips , pizza and kebab meat . until recently , the twitter account of 15-year-old amira was set to private . the recent public tweet from the radicalised teenager gives a unique insight into the life of the british runaways . it shows a huge western-style takeaway , including fried chicken , chips , pizza and kebab meat . amira - tweeting under the name bintt abbas - captioned the photograph ' dawla takeaway w/ @ um_ayoub12 ' . ' dawla ' is another name for the islamic state , which is also known as isis . 'um-ayoub12 ' is the name of another twitter user , who describes herself as a '16-year-old muhajirah ' . she believed to be another of the dozens of western teenagers who have travelled from europe to join isis . amira 's dinner companion uses the same profile picture as the 15-year-old from bethnal green . earlier this year the older girl tweeted : ' uh wan na behead some kafirs [ non-muslims ] now ' . amira abase , pictured last september , has tweeted from inside the islamic state for the first time . disturbing minds : amira uses the same twitter picture as another western teen runaway , known only as um ayoub , who tweeted earlier this year that she wanted to ' behead some kafirs [ non-muslims ] now ' . ' jihadi brides ' : this picture is thought to show amira and her fellow runaways - bethnal green academy students shamima begum , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , in a london park . amira 's twitter account shows pictures of amira 's everyday life as a teenager in east london in the months before she left for syria . they include snaps of her building a tower out of neon highlighter pens during a revision session at bethnal green academy as well as several pictures of the london skyline , which appear to have been taken from her family home . the gcse pupil also shares her love for vans and nike trainers and chelsea fc . she also appears to be a fan of the cookies & cream dessert cafes , tweeting a picture taken in its whitechapel branch and declaring it has ' the best waffles ' . before her departure to syria , she tweeted a poignant picture of herself with two friends , believed to be fellow runaways shamima begum and kadiza sultana , before their departure . it shows the trio sitting in a london park , and is captioned ' akhwaat ' , meaning ' sisters ' in arabic . earlier this week , it was reported that abase and her two classmates had joined the fearsome group of british female jihadis who run isis 's ultra-religious police force . normal teen : as amira 's twitter account has become public , it also gives an insight into her life as a normal 15-year-old girl in east london , posting about shoes , waffles , sunsets and chelsea fc . shoe fan : several of amira 's tweets from before her departure reference her love for trainers , such as nike air force . in one message she asks her followers whether she should buy a new pair of vans . sweet tooth : the 15-year-old posted about her visit to a london branch of cookies & cream in december . runaways : amira , left , and her classmates kadiza sultana,16 and shamima begum , 15 are caught on cctv at gatwick airport before they boarded their flight to turkey two months ago . londoners kadiza sultana ( left ) and shamima begum are thought to be in raqqa too , along with amira . concerns : the three east london schoolgirls are believed to have joined the fearsome group of british female jihadis who run the al-khansa brigade - isis 's ultra-religious police force . shamima begum has forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the al-khansa brigade – an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago . it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious female arms of isis . covered in black from head to toe and wielding automatic weapons , the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of raqqa , and spying on its citizens . they are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of the terror group 's adopted capital , and have previously declared that children as young as nine should be married . they say women should obey men – who are their masters – and remain ' hidden and veiled ' at all times . the group operates as an ultra-oppressive police force , monitoring the behaviour of females in the city and dishing out brutal punishments to anyone wearing shoes that are n't black or veils made from the ' wrong ' material . according to syrian activist group ' raqqa is being slaughtered silently ' , the female fanatics are feared by local women due to their use of torture .