researchers have discovered that the brain can remember ' neutral ' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion . from what we eat to what we see , we constantly take in details about our environment . and while there is no need to remember many of them , our brain has the remarkable ability to store information that seems inconsequential at the time in case it becomes useful later on . given new and relevant information , human beings have the capacity to strengthen weak memories using emotions - and researchers have said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory . psychologists at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for ' emotionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience . ' how does the brain store all of this information ? and how does emotion strengthen mundane memories ? ' post-doctoral fellows joseph dunsmoor and vishnu murty wrote on the conversation . this study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli , such as evocative imagery or traumatic events . in particular , the study has looked into how the september 11 terrorist attacks in the the us affect memory retention . the researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date . emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum - and also the regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus . scroll down for video . emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation . strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party . researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events , like 9/11 , better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date . this is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions . a view over the hudson river towards the september 11th memorial lights is shown . a power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times , research has found . a short doze helps you to retain information you have learned and ' significantly ' improves recall , scientists said – meaning naps really could help students revising for exams . participants in the study learned 90 single words and 120 unconnected word pairs such as ' milk taxi ' . some then watched a dvd while others slept . when they were then retested , those who had slept remembered more word pairs , the journal neurobiology of learning and memory reported last month . scientists from saarland university in germany , said that during sleep , bursts of brain activity known as sleep spindles play an important role in consolidating newly learned information . professor axel mecklinger said a nap of just 45 minutes to an hour ' produces a five-fold improvement in information retrieval from memory ' . ' the memory performance of the participants who had a power nap was just as good as it was before sleeping , that is , immediately after completing the learning phase . ' while many details are not intrinsically emotionally arousing , they can gain emotional significance through our experiences . for example , the memory of a surprise birthday party includes details like what people were wearing and who was there . on the face of it , these details are not emotionally significant but we remember them because of the context in which they were experienced . dr dunsmoor and dr murty’s research has shown that people have better memory for boring information when it’s presented in an emotional context , regardless of if it is rewarding or negative . ‘ in some of our earlier studies , we found that people selectively remember neutral pictures if the pictures had been associated with an electrical shock the previous day , even when the volunteers were unaware that we would later test their memory , they wrote . ‘ we have also shown that people remember neutral pictures if they are warned that if they forget them , they will receive a shock the next day . ‘ likewise , being rewarded with money for remembering certain pictures the next day can boost memory for those pictures as well . ’ these experiments focus on emotional factors at the time the original memory is created and the findings show how seemingly trivial information associated with a meaningful event can be selectively preserved in memory . emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation . strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party ( stock image ) , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at an office party . emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - such as the amygdala ( pictured ) and regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus ( also marked ) . but what happens when the emotional event happens after the original memories were formed ? ‘ in a recent study , we found that an emotional experience can enhance memory for neutral information encountered previously , ’ the researchers continued . volunteers viewed a series of trivial pictures from two categories , either animals or tools . after a delay , volunteers were presented with a new set of animal and tool pictures – only this time , when the volunteer saw the pictures they received an electrical shock to the wrist . ‘ we already knew that memory would be strengthened for the pictures paired with the electrical shock . but here we found that if we paired shocks with pictures of animals , memory was strengthened for pictures of animals volunteers saw before any shocks were delivered . ‘ if we shocked volunteers when they where shown pictures of tools , memory for the earlier pictures of tools was strengthened . ’ the negative experience selectively increased memory for related information that was completely trivial when it was originally experienced . we use our memory not only to remember the past , but to guide our decisions in the future . emotion helps us remember relevant information to determine our choices , but without the ability to strengthen seemingly trivial past experiences with new important information , we might end up missing out on future rewards or repeating the same mistakes .