a houston father was upset to learn that his five-year-old daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school , where teachers said that it violated the dress code . jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length ' dress were ' against the rules ' . ' we still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of , and i ca n't stress this enough , a five-year-old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden , ' he said . kiddie clothes : jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up when she wore this spaghetti-strap sundress to her school in houston , texas . ' she 'd had her heart set on wearing her rainbow sundress since the weather warmed up , ' recalled mr. rouner . he did n't hesitate to let her wear the multicolor frock , which he bad bought from a store in the mall and previously let her wear to church . ' i did n't pick up my daughter 's dress at my first stripperwear , ' he insisted . ' it 's not repurposed fetish gear from a store for very short people . ' but despite the striped dress being what routner believes is completely age-appropriate , his daughter is now ' wordlessly accepting that a dress with spaghetti straps , something sold in every walmart in america right now , is somehow bad . ' supportive pop : jef said he finds it ' weird ' that school dress codes tend to offer more restrictions for girls than boys . favorite frock : as the weather has gotten warmer , jef said , his daughter grew excited to wear the striped dress , which she had worn to church in the past . mr. rouner took particular issue with the fact that school dress codes almost exclusively target girls , banning items of clothing that are n't even sold in the boy 's sections of stores . though rules against exposing the chest and torso could theoretically apply to boys as well , he explained , boy 's clothing simply is n't made to show skin in the same places as girls ' clothing . ' essentially , a school dress code exists to prevent girls from displaying too much of their bodies , ' he said , adding that most restrictions in his own daughter 's school dress code were female-specific . taking a stand : the vocal father said he wo n't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future . he went on to note that it is particularly outrageous to discriminate between boys ' and girls ' clothing at his daughter 's age cut her hair , he said , and his five-year-old would look no different from a boy . since he still sees no problem with the sundress , mr. rouner said he wo n't stop his daughter from wearing it in the future - and will tell her that she looks ' cute as a button to boot ' . and if anyone tells her to change her clothes ? the outspoken father said he will tell his daughter to ask ' why ' until she gets an answer she likes .