lix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in mexico with her boyfriend . a young primary school teacher has died after she was run down buy a car at the end of a mexican holiday when just hours earlier she had texted she was having ‘ best time ever ' . the family of alix bussey , 23 , said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death . she was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle , also 23 , in the resort of riviera maya . it their first trip abroad together . tragedy struck when miss bussey was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel after a night out . she was , a teacher at bowburn infants school , bowburn , county durham , and had studied at northumbria university before securing her first job in teaching at the school . today her parents colin and penny , and younger sister , 21-year-old leigh , spoke of their shock at her death and said she had lived life to the full . mrs bussey , 50 , said : ' we 're absolutely devastated by what has happened and waiting to be given more information by the foreign office . alix adored being a teacher , it was all she wanted to do from the age of seven and she was devoted to the education and welfare of the children she taught . ' she lived life to the full , loved to party and she and jonathan were besotted with each other . ' although they had been away on several occasions this was their first holiday abroad and they had been having a great experience . ' only the night before she had texted leigh to say she was having ' the bestest time ever ' . ' mr bussey , 55 said : ' alix had a wide circle of friends and the support we have had from them , and members of both families has been unbelievable . all of our thoughts are with jonathan and his family as they are going through this with us . ' the pair visited the mexican holiday resort of riviera maya ( pictured ) - it was their first holiday abroad together . primary school students at bowburn infants school ( pictured ) are said to be devastated by news of her loss . the family said last year she had visited india as part of a school exchange and was also a season ticket holder at newcastle united with her father and sister . she lived with her parents and sister at the family home in meadowfield , the northern echo reported . durham constabulary said they were working with the family after the incident on thursday and an inquest would take place in due course .