a 26-year-old mexico native vanished without a trace in utah a week ago , and now elizabeth smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman . elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english . there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 , provo police chief john king said . she usually talked with family in mexico every day , he said . where is elizabeth ? elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in provo , utah , april 16 . raising awareness : elizabeth smart holds a ' missing ' poster of laguna salgado during a news conference friday in sandy , utah . mystery : provo police chief john king said friday that there is no evidence salgado was kidnapped , but he says they are very worried because she has n't made contact with anybody for longer than a week . laguna salgado 's cellphone has been turned off , and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened , king said . a volunteer search is scheduled for saturday morning in provo . the woman 's uncle , rosemberg salgado , from california , tearfully begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts . he called his niece a ‘ beautiful angel’ and an optimistic , spiritual woman who just finished a mormon mission in mexico . he said his niece is probably praying and asking god to help her be found . laguna salgado was living with roommates in provo for about a month , her uncle said . most of her family lives in mexico . ‘ elizabeth , if you are watching this , please know that we love you and that we are going to be looking for you , ’ said salgado , crying . ‘ we wo n't stop until we find you . ’ asked if his niece mentioned anything odd in recent conversations , salgado said she told him a boy had been bugging her to go on a date and that she made up having a boyfriend to get rid of him . spreading the gospel : the 26-year-old woman had just finished a mormon mission in mexico . she moved the provo only a month ago . last sighting : salgado was last seen on the afternoon of april 16 leaving the nomen global school at 384 west center street in provo . family 's plea : the woman 's uncle , rosemberg salgado , begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts . according to daily herald , police chief king said there are ' persons of interest , ' but police are still interviewing the missing woman 's classmates at the nomen global language center . kidnapping survivor : elizabeth smart was 14 when she was snatched out of her salt lake city bedroom in 2002 . she was held captive for nine months before being found walking with her captor in a busy street . smart and her father , who heads operation underground railroad - an organization dedicated to rescuing victims of labor and sex slavery - said they hosted the event to bring attention to the story . ed and elizabeth smart said the the key to finding her in 2004 nine months after she was abducted was that the american public knew her face and her story . elizabeth smart was 14 when she was snatched out of her salt lake city bedroom in 2002 . she was held captive for nine months before being found walking with her captor in a busy street in sandy — close to where friday 's news conference was held at rio tinto stadium . smart urged the public to help find laguna salgado even though there 's no evidence of a kidnapping . ‘ maybe we 're wrong , but if we 're right then at least we 're doing everything we can , ' smart said . ' we really feel someone out there knows where she is or saw her at some point . ' smart recalled what it was like when she was first abducted : ‘ it 's terrifying . you do n't know what 's going on . you do n't know why it happened to you . you do n't know what the future is . you do n't know if people are looking for you . ’ salgado was last seen april 16 leaving the nomen global school at 384 west center street in provo . since that time she has not been back to her apartment , shown up for work , or contacted any family members . over the past week , investigators working the salgado case have canvassed the route she took to and from school , obtained surveillance videos from business and homes in the area and interviewed known sex offenders living in provo . lead : salgado 's uncle said his niece told him a boy had been bugging her to go on a date and that she made up having a boyfriend to get rid of him . be on the lookout : miss salgado is listed as ‘ missing endangered’ with the national crime information center . both the department of homeland security and the fbi have been notified of her disappearance . striking beauty : elizabeth is 5 feet 4 inches tall , weighing 120-130lbs with long black hair and brown eyes . miss salgado is listed as ‘ missing endangered’ with the national crime information center , and both the department of homeland security and the fbi have been notified of her disappearance . elizabeth is 5 feet 4 inches tall , weighing 120-130lbs with long black hair and brown eyes . she was last seen wearing a denim jacket , blue jeans , black or brown knee high boots , and was carrying a denim hand bag with red straps . anyone with information on elizabeth’s whereabouts is being asked to call the provo police department at 801-852-6210 . the missing woman 's loved ones have started a facebook page to share information on the latest developments and raise awareness of the missing person case .