the sense of burning injustice can not be allowed to fester for too long ; for all the psychobabble spouted about the strength of a siege mentality , there are few things more self-destructive than a suspicion that even the greatest effort may be undone by outside forces . the good news for celtic is that they have an immediate opportunity to both vent their frustration and exorcise any sense of helplessness created by sunday’s controversial scottish cup semi-final loss . the bad news ? ronny deila’s men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden . as hard as they may have worked at building exactly the stamina needed for this stage of the season , having to play for some 70 minutes – including extra time – with 10 men inevitably left them appearing more than a little leggy . celtic left back emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title . izaguirre and celtic team-mates john guidetti , nir bitton and scott brown look dejected during semi-final loss . celtic are currently five points ahead of aberdeen . as they travel to dens park to take on an always-dangerous dundee , deila , john collins and the rest of his backroom team must find a way to lift – emotionally as much as physically – players who have seen a rare and historic treble wrested from their grasp . emilio izaguirre , still low but trying to raise his eyes to the remaining challenge of finishing off with a domestic double , said : ‘ now the treble is finished . ‘we’ll try our best to win the league now - and next season we’ll try to win the treble . now it’s finished , everything is finished - and we must try our best to win the league . ‘ it is hard to speak about the game after inverness have won . it’s in the past and we must now work up the mentality now to win the league . ‘ it is difficult with 10 men in a semi-final . inverness are hungry and maybe more emotional . they controlled the ball and it was hard for us against 11 men . ‘ to not have a scottish cup final to look forward to is so hard . we want to win the treble but now it’s over . it’s all about winning the league now . ‘ i don’t like to speak about the referee . it happens in football sometimes when bad decisions and good decisions change the game but it’s finished . inverness won 3-2 and we’ll look to wednesday . it’s important we move on and work on winning our next game . ’ in the aftermath of such a sickening loss , celtic have no option but to move on and concentrate on beating dundee , re-establishing their commanding eight-point lead over nominal challengers aberdeen . what neither deila nor his players can afford to do , though , is completely ignore some of the lessons learned in defeat by caley thistle . ignoring the obvious pointer about hoping a team umpteen officials can spot a deliberate handball on the line . the way in which celtic were exposed by inverness in the game’s *other* crucial moment , marley watkins out-pacing and out-muscling adam matthews before beating craig gordon to the ball , must be of concern . celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . virgil van dijk , scorer of a wonderful opener on sunday , admitted : ‘ we will look at our own performance , because we lost . ‘ it ( the josh meekings handball ) should be the key moment but the penalty wasn’t given so it’s nothing to talk about right now . we lost and we’re very disappointed . ‘ we gave everything . with 10 men we kept on fighting , we had enough quality to create a goal but unfortunately it wasn’t enough . ‘it’s very disappointing of course but we need to move on . on wednesday we play dundee away . there is a lot of disappointment . everybody is down but we are professionals and we need to focus on dundee . ‘that’s a big game so we need to be ready for that . but first we need to recover . ’ celtic's virgil van dijk has also urged his team-mates to move on from their recent defeat by inverness . 