when danielle jones agreed to marry her boyfriend darrel , she knew it would be a day she 'd never forget . but her wedding day took an even better unexpected twist - when her hero gary barlow turned up to sing her a ballad . the take that star stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in berkshire and sung the band 's song ' a million love songs ' as a wedding gift . scroll down for video . never forget : gary barlow shocked take that superfan danielle jones , 33 , and her husband darrel by dropping in at her wedding reception to sing ' a million love songs ' . the maid of honour , kirsty miles , tweeted her excitement after the wedding on good friday . gary stopped by the couple 's wedding reception and the bride even had a chance to sing with her idol . the singer had promised to go along to the reception at the beaumont estate in old windsor after orchestrating the surprise over twitter with mrs jones 's bridesmaids . afterwards , the take that superfan said : ' i 'm still on cloud nine , i ca n't believe it happened . ' bridesmaids kirsty miles and becky young had contacted the singer three months ago to ask the singer to perform at their best friend 's wedding . it came after the 44-year-old announced on twitter that he would surprise three wedding parties throughout the year , and urged fans to send him suggestions . the pair then started a twitter campaign using the hashtag # getgarytodanswedding . barlow then sent the bride a message saying he could not make her special day . she and the other bridesmaid becky young had started a twitter campaign to get the singer at the wedding . but he secretly replied to the bridesmaids saying ' let 's do this ' - on the condition that they kept it secret from mrs jones . ms miles told getreading said : ' it was the hardest thing keeping it from danielle when she was clearly so gutted by it . ' mrs jones , who got married on good friday , added : ' i was so overcome with emotion i was having difficulty breathing . i nearly collapsed , i was screaming , i could n't believe it ! mrs jones and her friends are seeing take that ( pictured ) several times this year , including in london , birmingham , manchester and milan , italy . ' after pulling myself together i went over to him , gave him a hug and he carried on with the song . ' we then had loads of photos taken , he spoke to my mum , my husband darrel and my maid of honour kirsty . ' the first thing mrs jones knew about it was when the dj started playing the take that song and she saw barlow standing on the dance floor . mrs jones and her friends are seeing take that several times this year , including in london , birmingham , manchester and milan , italy . 