danniella westbrook 's cage fighting ex-fiancé has been arrested for allegedly assaulting and harassing her . tom richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea . after being held in a cell for 11 hours , the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation . it comes after westbrook , 41 , made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her , posting a photograph on twitter of her bruised hand . the pair were last seen together at an essex pub last month ( above ) after splitting up in november . it comes after the 41-year-old accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online . she was seen last month with a black-eye . richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged . richards , who is an mma fighter , has vehemently denied the allegations against him . the pair split in november last year after spending months together in california while westbrook tried to rid herself of drugs . speaking of his arrest yesterday , a spokesman for richards said there was ' no truth ' behind the allegations . ' there is no truth in these allegations and we will be challenging them . ' the couple split in november after spending months together in california . police arrested richards in swansea yesterday morning on suspicion of physically attacking his former girlfriend in essex . while denying ever harassing or harming his former girlfriend , a spokesman added being arrested had been ' upsetting ' for richards . ' he is training for a fight and could do without the distraction . due to the seriousness of these allegations that’s all we can say at the moment . ' taking to twitter after being released , he wrote : ' finally getting into bed after such a long day , cheers for all messages will reply tmz on here and other social media , # teambabyboy ( sic ) . ' it is the second time richards has faced legal action over allegedly abusing his former girlfriend . he was previously arrested over claims he gave the mother-of-two a black eye . police later dropped the case against him . the claims of harassment involve alleged text messages and phone calls made to the blonde soap star . westbrook has not spoken publicly of the most recent allegations . the actress , who was last year spotted at her local job centre collecting leaflets on childcare , is understood to be on holiday with her children . she and richards became an item after the former eastenders starlet parted ways with her husband of 12 years . they were last seen together in march when they met at an essex pub . westbrook , who has a history of drug addiction and homelessness , is understood to be on holiday with her children . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .