toby alderweireld is ignoring the background noise about his future , such is the on-loan defender 's determination to complete southampton 's ' special season ' by securing european qualification . eyebrows were raised last summer when the 26-year-old moved to st mary 's on a season-long loan , just months after playing for atletico madrid in the champions league final . alderweireld 's form on the south coast has attracted interest from the likes of manchester city and tottenham , but ronald koeman 's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million . toby alderweireld has been in superb form this season at southampton since joining on loan from atletico . the belgium international has expressed a desire to stay at saints , but the waters are muddied by atletico 's ability to nullify the buy-out clause by paying them £1.5million . jose luis perez caminero recently indicated the primera division club would invoke that clause , saying diego simeone 's men were counting on him for next term , but alderweireld is unclear whether he will be at st mary 's , the vicente calderon or elsewhere . ' i saw something in the spanish papers , ' said alderweireld . ' i do n't know , i did n't hear from them . we will see . ' it is not ( frustrating ) because it does not matter what they say , what is in the papers . ' i am just focused on southampton and we are playing for a european spot , so it is going to be a special season . ' i am focused , i am happy here , so , yeah , no problem for me . ' alderweireld has been one of southampton 's best players in a remarkable season . many predicted a relegation battle for koeman 's men , yet saturday 's 2-0 win against hull saw them equal the record premier league points tally of 56 set last year . last season alderweireld was playing in the champions league final for his parent club , and he could return . ' it is has been a very nice season , ' alderweireld said . ' we like to play football , we have a good team and we have good results . ' we are playing for the european spots so i am happy . ' the win over hull was unconvincing but gave southampton 's faint top-four hopes a boost . bettering the fifth place of 1985 looks a big ask but not impossible after james ward-prowse 's penalty and a late graziano pelle strike . ' we just have to look to ourselves and not to look to other teams , ' alderweireld said . ' we know we have six games left , so it is going to be a hard sprint . ' the games are all tough , like next week stoke away . it is a very difficult game , but we are going to try and win our games . the belgian defender tackles stephen quinn , and says he is ignoring rumours about going back to spain . ' we know we have tottenham at home so we can do good business , but first we have to go to stoke and that is going to be difficult . ' the result leaves hull further in the mire given they face an unenviable run of fixtures from now until the end of the season . city have a two-week break before their next match at crystal palace , where michael dawson knows they need to put saturday 's disappointment behind them . ' it is a massive disappointment , ' the hull skipper said . ' the first half , i thought we got right at them and i think harps ( goalkeeper steve harper ) probably made one save . ' we were hoping to do the same in the second , but goals change games , big decisions in games . alderweireld is focused on european qualification , and saints took another step towards that goal against hull . ' the yellow card incident where alex ( bruce ) is covered in claret , where ( graziano pelle ) has caught him flush straight in the face , that for me is a red card , but obviously with the penalty the ref got that right . two big decisions . ' there was a lot more chances created by us than them , but at the end of the day we go away with no points which is a massive disappointment for us . ' the teams in and around us are winning , so it 's about ourselves . we need to starting picking up some points . ' hull captain michael dawson admitted that his team need to start picking up points if they are to survive . 