a new designer drug even stronger than crystal meth dubbed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects is spreading across florida.. . flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp . that 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . the use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in florida . flakka can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other drugs and substances like marijuana . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell ( bath salts pictured ) . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell , wpbf 25 news reported . st. lucie county sheriff 's office special investigations sgt . rob pettit said : ' it has a strong odor like a sweaty sock . ' it 's pretty serious . ' we 're always trying to play catchup with the drug dealers as it is , and now here we are trying to get accustomed to finding yet another drug . ' once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength . the high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 , the sun-sentinel reported . cathinone use is apparently up across the nation and the use of flakka is also certainly increasing in florida . flakka has been involved in a number of incidents in recent weeks , including one where a man impaled himself white trying to scale a fence , cbs reported . jim hall , an epidemiologist at the center for applied research on substance use and health disparities at nova southeastern university , said : ' we 're starting to see a rash of cases of a syndrome referred to as excited delirium . ' this is where the body goes into hyperthermia , generally a temperature of 105 degrees . ' the individual becomes psychotic , they often rip off their clothes and run out into the street violently and have an adrenaline-like strength and police are called and it takes four or five officers to restrain them . ' then once they are restrained , if they do n't receive immediate medical attention they can die . ' there were more than 670 flakka occurrences in florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the drug enforcement administration .