will stevens has followed the lead of england 's elite footballers and taken to using the world-class facilities at st george 's park to help him climb the formula one ladder . manor driver stevens was introduced to st george 's park by michael johnson performance , the training company founded by the four-time olympic champion and which has a partnership with the burton-based centre where all 24 england teams train ahead of international fixtures . the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive , which came his way with now-defunct caterham in the final race in abu dhabi . will stevens has been using the facilities at st george 's park to help him climb the formula one ladder . stevens has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine , located in the altitude chamber . stevens continued over the winter as he held talks with manor prior to the south yorkshire-based marque finally exiting administration in early march . due to stevens ' grand prix commitments he has been unable to visit st george 's park as much as he would like these past few weeks , although he is planning a trip over the summer months . ' the facilities they have there are great , better than anywhere , ' said stevens . ' last year i spent quite a lot of time there because i needed to get myself ready if i had the opportunity to step up into f1 . the main entrance to st george 's park , the football association 's £100m training complex . the hydrotherapy suite has a main pool ( background ) , ice bath ( centre ) and jacuzzi ( foreground ) . ' this year is a lot different because we need to manage the schedule to keep up my energy levels , when to train hard and when not to . ' i 'll probably go there during the break because obviously the german grand prix has gone . ' there is a lot longer break in the middle compared to what it would be normally , so i 'll probably spend a week or so there . ' i 'll have a fitness assessment for the first couple of days , and then after that i 'll work on the areas where i need to improve . stevens was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive . ' they 've a heat chamber which is good and a really good underwater treadmill so you can do a lot more non-bearing stuff on your body . ' if you 're training solidly for more than a week it 's good to do that kind of stuff . ' if you are out running or whatever it 's obviously a lot harder on your body , and you can train a lot longer over the duration of the day rather than a few hours . ' past use of the heat chamber will have a bearing for stevens this weekend as he competes in the bahrain grand prix . although an evening/night race when temperatures will be in the mid 20s centigrade compared to searing day-time highs of 36 , it will still be of benefit . the manor driver is preparing to race in the bahrain grand prix on sunday . ' hydration is the number one thing . if you 're not hydrated you can lose concentration , ' added stevens . ' stuff like that is obviously something i need to keep on top of , which is why i 've people here to help me to manage everything like that . ' i 've spent the last three days in dubai where the temperature was identical to here . ' personally i much prefer being in the heat than the cold , so in terms of temperature i feel i wo n't have any issues at all . '