bayern munich were crowned bundesliga champions for the third year running without even kicking a ball on sunday as their nearest rivals wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach . needing to win to keep the title race alive - at least mathematically - for another week , wolfsburg rarely looked like succeeding as they were second best at the borussia park stadion . they resisted until the last minute of the game , though , when max kruse struck to earn the foals a win which moves them up to third and secures their place in the champions league next season . max kruse ( centre ) celebrates his last-minute winner against wolfsburg on sunday in the bundesliga . wolfsburg knew only a victory against borussia moenchengladbach would keep their title dreams alive . but the defeat means bayern munich have been crowned bundesliga champions for the 25th time . the result means bayern , who beat hertha berlin 1-0 on saturday to go 15 points clear , have taken the title for a record 25th time , while pep guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title . bayern have secured the title with four matches to spare . however , the champions league semi-finalists will have to wait to celebrate it with their fans as they travel to bayer leverkusen next week before hosting augsburg on may 9th . ' retaining the title is a magnificent achievement . all credit to the coach and the team , ' bayern president karl-heinz rummenigge said on the club 's website . ' they 've been fantastic throughout , in a season following a world cup where we had a host of players in action . ' bastian schweinsteiger 's well-taken goal secured a vital three points for bayern on saturday . bayern were celebrating their latest title on sunday and they tweeted this photo via their official account . in sunday 's other match , paderborn wasted an opportunity to move out of the relegation zone as they threw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at home with werder bremen . mario vrancic and moritz stoppelkamp grabbed two goals in as many minutes to put the east westphalians in front , but davie selke brought bremen back into the game on the stroke of half-time . izet hajrovic levelled in the 75th minute while paderborn were reduced to 10 men three minutes later when michael heinloth was sent off , compounding their woes and leaving them inside the bottom three . pep guardiola 's treble-chasing side are also in the semi-finals of the german cup and champions league .