mohammad liaqat launched into a ' racist tirade ' after mount carmel school headteacher xavier bowers ( pictured ) banned muslim pupils from growing beards . a muslim father stormed into a catholic school and launched a tirade of racial abuse at teachers after two teenage pupils were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards . mohammad liaqat even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in which he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children . the 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school which stated that pupils could not have beards . liaqat launched into a ' racist tirade ' at white members of staff after 14-year-old boys were told they could not keep their facial hair , police said . after being arrested , liaqat was told to stay away from the school , so went to another school nearby where he continued his rant . when jeff brown , headmaster of st oswald 's roman catholic primary school , asked him to move on , liaqat shoulder barged him , burnley crown court was told . he has a child at the secondary school in accrington , lancashire , but was not related to the two 14-year-olds who wanted to have facial hair for religious reasons . liaqat launched his first outburst even though the situation involving the students’ beards had already been resolved at mount carmel . during a three-day trial this week , liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour . he was remanded into custody at burnley crown court and will be sentenced in june . mount carmel school said the ruling on beards was part of the school 's dress code , but the 14-year-olds wanted to keep their facial hair for religious reasons . after being taught in isolation for breaking the school rules , mount carmel governors decided that the students could keep their beards so long as they signed up to a programme at their mosque to show their faith . after the trial , xavier bowers , headteacher at mount carmel said : ' we are pleased that justice has been done in this instance . ' my staff were simply doing their job at the time , supervising our children leaving school and making sure they were safe . ' without provocation , they were verbally assaulted and abused in front of the children and parents . ' we always try to work towards good relationships with our families . this was an unfortunate incident , but we can now draw a line under it and move on . we are largely a happy school and we have good relationships with our local community . ' mohammad liaqat racially abused teachers at mount carmel roman catholic high school ( pictured ) in accrington after muslim students were told they could not grow beards . liaqat then moved on to another school , where he assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave , burnley crown court ( pictured ) heard . mr brown , from st oswald 's school , said : ' i am glad this matter has now been concluded and i am looking forward to getting back to concentrating on school life . ' pc dave hall , from the hate crime and cohesion unit at lancashire police , said : ' ultimately , the issue at mount carmel was amicably resolved , but liaqat decided to take it upon himself to stage his own personal protest . ' he racially abused several of the school staff and he kept referring to mount carmel as a racist school . he went on a racist tirade towards the white members of staff . he made it quite clear he was deeply upset . ' after being arrested , he was released on bail . he decided to vent his fury at st oswald 's primary . ' he had reason to be there but not to behave in the way he did . ' liaqat was causing problems , which led to the headteacher asking him to leave the premises . he reacted by racially abusing staff there and assaulting the head . ' what he did was completely unacceptable . whatever his motives , we can not accept this kind of behaviour . ' liaqat was remanded in custody and will be sentenced in june . although growing a beard is not obligatory under islam , the prophet mohammed is thought to have had one and worshippers seek to emulate this tradition .