dele alli is excited by the prospect of playing under mauricio pochettino next season and believes tottenham are the ' perfect ' club for him . this has been a whirlwind season for the 19-year-old , with his exceptional performances for mk dons earning a £5million move to white hart lane in february . alli has yet to feature for spurs having been immediately loaned back to his boyhood club , where he has continued to impress - so much so that on sunday he was crowned the football league young player of the year . mk dons teenager dele alli picked up the young player of the year award on sunday night . the midfielder was quick to credit mk dons upon picking up the award and is determined to repay their faith by helping them secure promotion to the championship . ' mk has got a special place in my heart but obviously i have signed to tottenham , ' alli said . ' whilst i am at mk , i am just going to be focused on them , right until the end of the season . ' to get promotion would be the perfect ending to a fairytale , really . ' obviously , being from mk and playing for mk my whole life , to get us promoted would be a dream come true . ' the talented midfielder 's performances led to tottenham signing him for £5million in january transfer window . the dons sit third in league one and have three matches to make up the one-point gap preston hold in the final automatic promotion spot . alli has been key to karl robinson 's side , scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances , but admits it has not always been easy to concentrate as the speculation mounted . ' i am not going to lie and say it has n't been hard because it has , ' he said . ' for a few years now there have been rumours of me going places . i 've been speaking to my agent to see what it is all about . ' obviously the last year really it has picked up a bit and there has been a lot more speculation about me going other places . alli paid tribute to tottenham boss pochettino for trusting young players . ' in this transfer window , towards the end , it was a bit of a rollercoaster , to be fair . ' when it came that i could come to tottenham , obviously i had a look and i spoke to my agent . we had to think about the manager and all the pros and cons about it . ' we could n't think of anything wrong , really , about it - it is the perfect club for me , hopefully . i am just going to do the best i can . ' the chance to work with pochettino is clearly one of the positives for alli , given the former argentina international 's willingness to give young players a chance . ' that 's the big thing for youngsters , ' he said . ' when you go , you do n't want a manager that 's not going to have any trust in young players . ' i think with him you can see already that he has a lot of faith in youngsters and i think as a young player you need that , just for confidence in yourself . ' you need a manager that believes in you and shows that he believes in you by playing you . '