groups of football fans are responsible for thuggish behaviour on trains on a weekly basis , a senior police officer has said . the warning by british transport police ( btp ) chief constable paul crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem , which has come under scrutiny in recent months following a number of high-profile incidents . the latest figures for this football season show that btp has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far , including a number with a racial element . five chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france . fans appeared to be chanting on the paris metro train : ' we 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it ' . mr crowther said : ' sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains , with a sizeable minority who are behaving in a threatening , loud and sometimes racist way to the great terror of people who are using the system to get about and do their day-to-day business . ' he said the impact on ordinary passengers is ' unacceptable ' , adding : ' we are in danger of saying those types of experiences are ok . ' is that the sort of society we really want ? i do n't think it is . we have n't solved this type of behaviour and we need to work together to change it . ' we are saying ' why do people think this is acceptable on trains ? ' you do n't see this sort of behaviour on an aeroplane , for example . ' police believe the scale of football-related crime on the transport network may be higher than the figures show . mr crowther said : ' we think it is under-reported and we think that might be because people are intimidated or frightened . ' supporters have come under scrutiny ( none of the fans pictured are necessarily referred to in the story ) . he said the problem was a ' very complex issue ' and required a cultural change . ' what i am not looking for is more of the same , ' he said . ' i do n't think it is an issue we can arrest our way out of . ' representatives from football , police and other organisations , as well as those affected by football thuggery , are attending the summit , which is the first of its kind . in february a storm erupted after chelsea supporters were filmed allegedly singing racist chants as a black man was prevented from boarding a train in paris .