it has long been thought that stone age man abandoned their dead with little thought or respect . but the discovery of cremated bone , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices . the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc . the discovery of cremated bone ( pictured ) , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices . the burnt material , which includes approximately just over four ounces ( 118g ) of cremated bone , was uncovered by oxford archaeology . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet ( one metre ) and then backfilled with soil . three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old and fall within the the late mesolithic , between 6,000 bc and 4,000 bc . nick gilmour , who lead the excavation , said ‘ we were expecting this cremation to date to the bronze age - we were so surprised when the first radiocarbon date came back as mesolithic that we did two more to double-check . ’ the burnt material , which includes approximately just over four ounces ( 118g ) of cremated bone , was uncovered by oxford archaeology . it was placed into a pit ( pictured ) with a diameter of about three feet ( one metre ) and then backfilled with soil . little is known about mesolithic man 's beliefs , but the pit shows that ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough at over 600 °c to completely burn a corpse and appeared to respect the dead . this image is a still from a tv show called meet the ancestors showing what a mesolithic hut may have looked like . the find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in mesolithic britain , when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming . while little is known about their beliefs , the pit shows that ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough - at over 600 °c - to completely burn a corpse . it hints that people respected the dead enough to cremate them and not simply abandon them , as has been previously believed . time and resources were invested in funerary practices despite a mobile hand-to-mouth existence , the experts explained . dr louise loe , head of burials at oxford archaeology , analysed the bone to find that it represents the remains of at least one adult , despite the total weight being around seven per cent of what would be expected from a complete individual . taken alongside evidence of a large amount of charcoal in the pit , it’s thought the material represents a deposit of some of the remains from a pyre , and not all of the cremated bone from it . the find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in mesolithic britain , when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming . while little is known about their beliefs , the pit shows that ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough - at over 600°c - to completely burn a corpse . it hints that people respected the dead enough to cremate them and not simply abandon them , as has been previously believed . the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex ( shown on the map ) and is thought to date to 5,600 bc . three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old . here , the bone fragments are sorted into types . time and resources were invested in funerary practices despite a mobile hand-to-mouth existence , the experts explained . before the discovery , just 20 examples of human bone dating from the british mesolithic , which spans from 10,000 to 4,000bc , were found – and none of them had been cremated . but a group of three cremations from the period have been found in ireland , so the ‘new’ site seems to fit into a wider european pattern of behaviour . three mesolithic flints were also discivered in the pit and while none are finished tools , they are sharp enough to have been used for cutting . more flints were found nearby , as well as a bronze age barrow , early roman site , saxon settlement and a medieval building all where the essex and suffolk water pipeline is planned . the find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in mesolithic britain , when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming . here , excavator malgorzata kwiatowska records finds .