it was a moment that gave philippe coutinho ‘ the creeps’ - standing in the players’ lounge , awaiting the arrival of football royalty , he had nerves like never before . not much flusters coutinho , whom the kop has christened o magico ( the magician ) , but before liverpool’s tussle with manchester united last month he and lucas leiva were given the chance to meet brazil’s most famous son . spending time with pele did not disappoint . ‘it’s the ultimate honour because pele is the greatest player of brazil and probably the world , ’ says coutinho . ‘ we only spoke for a little bit but he asked us how things were . yes , i got a photograph . i’m going to keep it alongside the one i have with ronaldinho . ’ liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho ( left ) described it as the ' ultimate honour ' to speak to brazil icon pele . pele ( centre ) was a special guest for the reds ' league encounter vs rivals manchester united last month . in terms of looking for sources of inspiration , coutinho could hardly choose two better . his ambition is to follow in their footsteps and make brazil’s fabled no 10 shirt his own but , before then , his first task must be to dominate anfield’s landscape . there is no doubting coutinho’s class . look on youtube and you will find footage of him bamboozling opponents as a 10-year-old in rio de janeiro . a decade on and the same tricks and shimmies are flummoxing defenders in the barclays premier league . during monday’s 2-0 dismissal of newcastle united , coutinho produced one moment of skill - a step-over and dummied pass all in the same movement - that prompted brendan rodgers to applaud . ‘ when you see the manager trusts you and gives you a lot of confidence it makes you play even better , ’ says coutinho . since the turn of the year , coutinho’s form and confidence have risen dramatically . there have been a number of spectacular moments , particularly in the fa cup - his goals in replays against bolton wanderers and blackburn rovers are the reason liverpool travel to wembley to face aston villa in the semi-final on sunday . rodgers feels the resurgence of coutinho , who is on the six-man shortlist for the pfa player of the year , comes from him feeling settled after signing a new long-term contract at the beginning of february . the 22-year-old does not disagree with his manager . unlike the situation surrounding raheem sterling’s negotiations , the discussions for coutinho were straightforward . ‘ liverpool have always shown a great warmth to me so when they came to me with a proposal i did not need to think twice , ’ he says . coutinho ( centre ) scored the only goal as liverpool won 1-0 at blackburn in their fa cup sixth round replay . ‘ i have always been looked after very well by this club and i am very happy here , so i didn’t even have to think about it . my mind is at liverpool . ’ and so on to wembley . again coutinho expects to feel ‘ the creeps’ at one of the sport’s most iconic venues but he is also aware of how imperative it is to deliver . he says : ‘ we will try to finish the season on a high but games like this are always tough . we have to start well , do our best to play our game . it would be important to win the cup , not only for me , but for the club . that would be a massive achievement . ’ coutinho 's ( right ) displays have seen him nominated for the pfa player and young player of the year awards . 