michael bloomberg wants to be mayor again - but in london rather than new york city , according to reports . bloomberg , who was elected to the top big apple job three times in a row , has reportedly turned his sights across the atlantic , where he dreams of replacing incumbent boris johnson . according to britain 's sunday times , bloomberg , 73 , is ' considering ' the move , and has the backing of senior officials in britain 's conservative party . scroll down for video . passing the torch ? michael bloomberg , right , is pictured above with london mayor boris johnson . he is reportedly considering standing for johnson 's job in 2016 . bloomberg has significant business interests in the city . his bloomberg financial information company has offices there , while he personally owns a $ 30million mansion . in the past he has described london as his ' second home ' . his ex-wife is a british citizen , as are his two daughters . though bloomberg holds u.s. citizenship , sources told the sunday times that officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible for high office . london is due a new mayor in 2016 . boris johnson , who was himself born in new york city , will then have held the position for eight years . ' job swap ' : johnson , right , who is seen as a future prime minister , once joked about swapping jobs with bloomberg , left , who has said he thinks of london as a ' second home ' . if michael bloomberg does become mayor of london , it would be the latest twist in a long career which has seen him rise to the top in both business and politics . he started his career as an investment banker with salomon brothers , and when he was laid off from the firm in 1981 he used his $ 10million payout to start his own financial information company , bloomberg lp . the firm is best known for the ' bloomberg terminals ' which provide real-time updates on the financial markets and are now ubiquitous on banks ' trading floors . bloomberg has also spawned an network of news outlets including a cable tv station , financial news website and the magazine businessweek . in 2001 , mr bloomberg entered politics by running as the republican candidate for mayor of new york city , and spent $ 73million of his own money getting elected . he went on to serve 12 years as mayor , drawing praise for his businesslike management of city government , but he courted controversy with high-profile decisions such as banning smoking indoors and outlawing extra-large sodas . despite his repeated electoral success , mr bloomberg has faced opposition from the left over his close links to wall street , while the right has reacted with anger against his campaign to impose new restrictions on gun ownership across the us . johnson is also standing for a seat in britain 's parliament in the country 's may elections . he has said if he wins he will stay in the mayor 's job until 2016 , while serving as mp for the london constituency of uxbridge and south ruislip at the same time . he has long been spoken of as a future prime minister , and was recently named by incumbent david cameron as a potential successor . johnson has spoken before of the advantages of a new mayor coming in , though he could technically run for a third term . speaking in 2013 to london radio station lbc , he said : ' the reality is that after eight years you 've been at it for a long time in a very big job . ' you see what happens to people who do things for too long . you 've got to be fair to the electorate , you 've got to be sure you are doing your best . ' there will come people who will have fantastic ideas and who will have fresh ways of thinking about things . ' bloomberg and johnson have met before - and at one meeting in 2013 , johnson even joked about doing a ' job swap ' with bloomberg - though there is no suggestion johnson has set his sights on new york city . a source close to johnson told the sunday times : ' mike is an enormous friend of london . he’s a great contributor to the city . he’s got many supporters and admirers of which boris is definitely one . ' if indeed bloomberg decided on an unlkely run for mayor , he would have to jump through some hoops . as an american citizen he would have to apply for british residency . this process is lengthy but can be speeded up if the person invested $ 15 million into the country . this would present no difficulties for bloomberg who is the 13th richest man in the world , worth $ 36 billion . ineed , both of bloomberg 's daughter 's are british and his ex-wife is susan brown , is from the north of england .