boris johnson today fire an extraordinary attack on the labour party , claiming ed miliband wants to go back to the ' nasty , racist ' era of the 1970s . the london mayor , who today launched the tory campaign in the capital , said the labour leader was ' hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an ' orgy of regulation and state socialism ' . he also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the greens want a return to ' somewhere around the bronze age ' . scroll down for video . london mayor boris johnson today launched the tory campaign in london with a speech in hartley hall , mill hill . mr johnson told voters that if they vote conservative they will get broadband but if they vote ukip they will get miliband . mr johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in mill hill , north london where he posed for selfies with supporters . he was joined at the event by hendon candidate matthew offord and his dog max , and international development secretary justine greening . as the mayor arrived he could be heard asking whether he needed to show his id to get in . launching his attack on labour , mr johnson told voters that if they vote conservative they will get broadband but if they vote ukip they will get miliband . he also joked the tories were the party of ' kitchen ownership ' while labour was the party of ' kitchen concealment ' . mr johnson also said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the conservatives . he described the party 's formula as ' wealth creation for a moral purpose ' . in his speech , mr johnson repeatedly mocked mr miliband over the revelation he has two kitchens in his £2million north london home . he said : ' i do n't mind if he is so lazy he would rather not go downstairs to make a cup of tea shortly before binge-watching breaking bad or whatever he does . ' i mind very much that he is instinctively and intuitively hostile to the liberating policy of home ownership . we are the party of home ownership , of kitchen ownership . they are the party of hypocrisy and kitchen concealment . ' mr johnson cuddled up to a dog wearing a blue rosette supporting local tory candidate matthew offord . mr johnson was mobbed by fans wanting pictures and selfies when he visited a cafe mill hill , north london . a large media scrum followed mr johnson as he went on his walkabout around north west london . he also visited a shop , with tory party leaflets in hand , to drum up support for the conservatives . mr johnson is expected to campaign across the country as a senior conservative who appeals to voters which other ministers can not reach . progress through the streets of hendon was slow as he stopped for selfies with supporters . he hailed the conservatives ' record on connectivity , saying : ' if you vote tory you get broadband , if you vote ukip you get miliband . ' the ' main problem ' with the labour leader is not his inability to eat a bacon sandwich , the mayor went on , or that he sounds like a ' polytechnic sociology lecturer ' . nor is it that he and ed balls drove the car ' so spectacularly off the cliff ' the last time they had the keys , he added , calling them the ' thelma and louise of british politics ' . he said : ' the main problem is not even that they would be the playthings of the snp and that ed miliband would be peeking out of alex salmond 's sporran like a baby kangaroo . ' the main problem is that ed miliband and the labour party are now more left-wing than they have ever been at any time since michael foot . ' they literally want to take us back to the 1970s with an orgy of regulation and state socialism . ' mr johnson said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the conservatives . it echoed comments made in a speech last night , in which mr johnson said mr miliband does not see that wealth creation has a moral purpose . ' and by attacking wealth creation both in rhetoric and his actions , he would take this country backwards to those 1970s that i spoke of with an orgy of higher taxation and regulation . i remember the 1970s . i would n't want to go back . ' it was a nasty , grim , petty epoch of really foul racism , frankly , and a union-dominated economy , ' he told an event organised by the legatum institute think tank . mr johnson also joked that ukip wanted to take the country back to the 1950s , the greens to ' somewhere around the bronze age ' and the liberal democrats to whatever would give them a boost in the polls . he added : ' we are the only party presenting ourselves for election that thinks , broadly speaking , that today is better than yesterday . ' and tomorrow , broadly speaking , is going to be better than today . we have a fantastic story to tell . ' 