big brother star pete bennett , who won the tv programme in 2006 , has revealed he is now homeless . the 33 year old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago . despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends . scroll down for video . pete bennett appeared on jeremy kyle today to reveal that he is now homeless . speaking on the jeremy kyle show today , the star revealed that he does n't have a roof over his head and spends each night sofa surfing . he believes that finding fame on big brother kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class b drug ketamine . he said : ' i had all of that money and i did n't know what to do with it – i put it on the wrong things . ' the fame pushed me in a way that i did n't want to go . ' pete 's entry picture for big brother . pete continued : ' i first got into drugs 15 years ago , i 've always been the last man standing at a party but then i became addicted to ketamine . ' i couldn’t go out without doing it . it became a habit and i did it every day . ' i could n't go anywhere without getting given stuff . i don’t want to know how much i spent on it . ' it is an issue that has also affected many of his friends - in the last nine years since becoming famous , seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents . pete 's drug addiction was n't his only problem though - he believes that his appearance on the reality show meant that he found it impossible to get a job or being taken seriously for his music after he left the house . he said : ' the work dried up pretty fast . no one would touch me with a barge pole because i was on big brother . ' when i left the house i was led down the garden path with a lot of things . ' i felt like i was not being allowed to do what i wanted - i was a puppet . ' pete bennett leaves the big brother house as the winner during the final of big brother seven on august 18 , 2006 . although pete has had a tumultuous time since leaving the house , one area where he has made great strides is overcoming his tourette 's syndrome . the star claims that when he was younger , he had one of the worst cases of the condition in europe . on the show , he would involuntarily hit his throat , twitch and shout out swear words , particularly the word 'w*****s ' . but during his appearance on jeremy kyle , pete 's behaviour was far more controlled . although he had the occasional twitch and still appeared quite hyperactive , he held back from shouting out any unplanned words . unfortunately , as well as he battle with drugs , pete 's personal life and career prospects have also been marred with difficulty over the last nine years . a week before he left the big brother house in august 2006 , pete started an ill-fate relationship with fellow contestant nikki grahame but it quickly fizzled out . a month later nikki revealed that pete had called time on the romance . nikki grahame and pete arrive for the national television awards in 2006 . the couple started a relationship after leaving the big brother house . pete at a signing of his book in november 2006 . pete then started dating one of his good friends , gemma costin , better known as cherry , who he 'd had a secret crush on for three years . the pair continued to date for eight years before marrying in a fake ceremony at glastonbury festival in 2011 , before sealing the deal with an official ceremony on the reality show four weddings in early 2014 . but last september he revealed in a facebook post that they were getting divorced after just six months of marriage . after years of running from his problems by getting high on drugs , pete finally decided to seek proper help by getting in contact with a drugs counselor a few years ago . he said : ' you do n't know you 're out of control until it suddenly hits you . ' when i went to get proper help for my addiction , this drug worker started to ask me about loss and i talked to him about all of the friends i’d had who died . ' i hadn’t been dealing with it . i was dealing with it by taking ketamine and not dealing with it . ' i had to deal with my friends deaths and that 's what got me off the ketamine . ' pete at the opening night of glastonbury last year . since getting clean , pete admits that he has relapsed but states that he is now back on track . he said : ' i took ketamine again and i relapsed but i hated it , i didn’t like being disassociated . ' i like being here now and being able to chat to people . i 'm living my life now the best i can . ' i 'm not perfect pete anymore , i’m just pete . ' the star is now trying to get his life back together and is attempting to make his name as an actor . he said : ' i do wish i 'd done things differently but i 've got a plan . 'i’ve got into acting , i 'm doing loads of films and working my way up the ladder . ' my tourette’s has calmed down so i thought , why not give it a chance . we have to start somewhere . ' i 've got my eye on hollywood . '