a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter . tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning . his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties . the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ' several injuries ' , police said . tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning . above , driukas with a baby who is not his dead daughter . the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , pictured above , has been released on bail pending further enquiries . detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday . the couple had a young girl and twin babies , neighbours said . the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , was today released on bail pending further enquiries . driukas , an electrician , was charged with murder . neighbours described the couple as ' friendly ' and said they ' kept to themselves ' . one neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ' a young couple live at that house , they 've got a little girl and twin babies that were born about five-months-ago . ' i think the couple were in their early 20s and moved in four to five years ago . ' i saw an ambulance at about 1am on wednesday morning . a paramedic rushed in to that house and then rushed out again with a bundle in his arms so i assumed it was one of the babies . detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday . right , the home in birmingham . ' i know the babies had breathing problems , since they were born prematurely around last november . ' i 'm not sure how long the ambulances were there because i went to bed . ' i 've seen the mum going to the hospital with the twins in the past , and i think their little girl was about three . ' i would see the family playing in the garden . they were a friendly couple and they had lots of barbecues in the summer . ' i spoke to the mum one time and she said the twin babies were coming out of hospital the next week , but that was a while ago now . the dad worked on cars in the front garden . neighbours described the couple as ' friendly ' and said they ' kept to themselves ' . above , their home . ' the police have been round asking if we 've seen anything but we did n't have any information to help them . ' another neighbour , mohammad naeem , 37 , who has lived on the road with his family for seven years , said : ' the couple next door had a little girl and baby twins . ' there has been a police car outside since wednesday morning . but we did n't see anything or know there was any problems there . i think they are eastern european . ' another neighbour , who lives opposite and did n't want to be named , said : ' we did n't hear anything on tuesday night or early wednesday morning . ' we just saw some paramedics in a small van and then two ambulances arrived , they were all there at about 2am . ' we do n't know the couple 's names , they kept themselves to themselves . ' driukas will appear before birmingham magistrates court tomorrow . a spokesman for west midlands police said the child had suffered ' several injuries ' and that ' further tests ' are being carried out to establish how she died . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .