sister gertrud tiefenbacher ( not pictured ) was found in her bedroom , with a towel on her face . an 86-year-old nun was reportedly gang-raped before being murdered in her bedroom at a south african missionary . gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say local police . her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south-west of durban . police in kwazulu-natal are waiting for the results of forensic tests to confirm that sister gertrud was sexually assaulted . they say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her . a small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room . the victim 's friend betty firmstone , 85 , told south africa's daily news : ' i met sister in 1952 when i started teaching at a school attached to the mission . we worked very closely together . she loved her work with children . ' this really was an act of savagery against a gentle , caring soul . ' sister gertrud had lived at the missionary for 60 years after moving to south africa from her native austria . police spokesman major thulani zwane said there were no signs of forced entry into the room - and the number of intruders was ' unclear ' . ' it is alleged that the victim was at her residence when she was approached by a suspect who allegedly tied her hands with a typewriter cord , ' he added . ' she was also covered with a towel over her face , causing the victim to suffocate . rape is also suspected in this matter . ' we are following all leads . we are also appealing to the community to come forward with any information . ' nuns at the mission where the murdered sister lived have been serving the local community since 1923 . the attack at the weekend is the first to be reported at the mission , which opened in 1923 for nuns wanting to serve the local community . it is also a home for young women who are considering becoming nuns . sister gerald , who lives at the mission , said sister gertrud had dedicated her life to helping impoverished children and adolescents . despite her advanced age , she was working for the mission 's educational outreach programme at the time of her murder . ' she had a very kind heart and was loved by everyone , ' said sister gerald .