the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock . apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one in the high street will be disappointed . for although the apple watch is officially going on sale , none of its stores will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . usually , apple launches generate long queues outside stores . but city analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang . in fact , despite the high price and some skepticism that consumers are keen to adopt a new generation of wearable technology , pre-orders have far exceeded expectations . as a result , the company 's initial production run is simply not large enough to ensure that watches will be available in stores from today . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year . the watch includes a host of personal trackers , including a heart rate monitor , and is being billed as a personal doctor that will help users to lose weight and improve their health . however , apple also wants it to be seen as style statement and fashion accessory , with customers able to choose from any of 38 variants depending on the case and watch strap . as a result , limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world , which will apparently be sold to a few select customers by appointment today . these include the exclusive dover street market in london 's mayfair , which is understood to have 570 of the watches , although not the gold edition . the launch of the watch into stores is being handled by apple retail chief , angela ahrendts , who is very familiar with the world of designer labels . she was head of the luxury british fashion label burberry , where she was one of the uk 's highest paid women executives , before joining the us company last may . her recruitment was sweetened with a golden hello of shares worth around £40million . she told apple staff via video message earlier this week that the decision to make the watch only available through online orders is because demand has exceeded supply . in it she said : ' we know that you have been bombarded with questions from customers . ' luckily , the customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive . we know they are excited about the watch ... but there are a lot of questions about availability and timing etc . ' last week we announced that due to the high global interest and the initial supply that we would only be taking orders online right now . ' this was not an easy decision , and i think it 's really important to remind every single customer that this is not just a new product for us , this is an entirely new category . ' the official apple uk website states anyone ordering the new watch can expect a delivery date in june , however some might get them before . apple chief executive tim cook pictured giving a presentation on the apple watch in san francisco last month . a spokesman said : ' our team is working to fill orders as quickly as possible based on the available supply and the order in which they were received . we know many customers are still facing long lead times and we appreciate their patience . ' stuart miles , technology expert and founder of website pocket-lint.com , said : ' i think the watch will follow the same lines of success as the ipad did five years ago . it 's an intriguing device that has enough wow factor to pull people in . ' but he added that the change in buying process this time - and the online backlog that has already begun - could put some people off . ' the biggest problem apple looks to be facing , is not if people will buy one , it 's whether they are going to be happy to wait until they can get one , ' he said . will findlater , editor-in-chief of gadget magazine stuff , said : ' in many ways the apple watch is the ultimate gadget . beautifully made and finished , hugely desirable and capable of a host of clever things , none of which you need , but many of which are nice to have . ' the functionality that could end up most compelling is messaging - the ability to send scrawled drawings , emoticons and even your heart beat direct to another apple watch owner feels personal in a way no other message platform does . ' he added : ' the one-day battery life and price are the two factors that will put many buyers off . £300 or more is a lot to pay for a first-generation device , especially as apple will learn a lot about making it better once it 's in the market . ' that means the second or third-generation apple watch is probably the wiser buy . however , waiting would mean missing out on the fun of living with an entirely new , cutting-edge gadget right now , and for early adopters , that will be too much to bear . ' industry commentators believe the apple watch will follow the same lines of success as the ipad ( pictured ) did five years ago .