a grand home owned by president richard nixon and dubbed the western white house has been put on sale for $ 75million . the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency . nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean . scroll down for video . western white house : the home , pictured above in 1969 when nixon bought it , is now on sale for $ 75million . the entrance of the 5.45 acre estate , dubbed la casa pacifica , pictured today . heads of state : nixon is pictured overlooking the pacific ocean while entertaining soviet leader leonid brezhnev . among his guests were soviet leader leonid brezhnev and secretary of state henry kissinger . the estate is made up of a ' grand pavilion ' measuring 9,000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff , according to the orange county register . guests of the president were able to enjoy a pool and poolside terrace , a tennis court and landscaped lawns and gardens . when nixon bought it , the property cost $ 1.4million . it also has several security annexes , which must have proved useful to nixon for accommodating his ever-present secret service detail . inside : nixon is pictured above with his wife pat inside the home in san celemente , california . nixon 's study at the home , where he entertained 17 heads of state . henry kissinger was also one of his guests . exterior : nixon bought the home for $ 1.4million in 1969 and moved out in 1980 . the house was then bought by political ally gavin s. herbert . the estate is made up of a ' grand pavilion ' measuring 9,000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff . when nixon resigned in shame in 1974 after the watergate scandal , he retreated to the home , which he referred to as la casa pacifica . he wrote his memoirs during the years following his resignation , and filmed the famous frost-nixon interviews not far away . he owned the home until 1980 , at which point he sold it to political ally gavin s. herbert , the founder of the allergan pharmaceuticals company . a tiled hallway that is the entrance to the 10-room house . nixon retreated to la casa pacifica after his resignation in 1974 . nixon sits by his pool in 1971 . he wrote his memoirs at the house during the years following his resignation . guests of the president were able to enjoy a pool and poolside terrace , a tennis court and landscaped lawns and gardens . party : nixon , center right , is shown here hosting a gathering at the home . left to right are bob hope , tricia nixon , pat nixon , gerald ford , dolores hope , nixon , betty ford , henry kissinger and arnold palmer . herbert , now 83 , has owned it ever since , and said he was so taken by the home that he tended to its gardens as a volunteer before buying it from nixon . he has expanded the home under his ownership , adding a basement and remodeling other parts . herbert told the wall street journal that the putting the house on the market was ' a very hard decision ' . he said : ' i think we felt we were caretakers . we care a lot about who the next caretakers would be . ' herbert said he was so taken by the home that he tended to its gardens as a volunteer before buying it from nixon . herbet has expanded the home under his ownership , adding a basement and remodeling other parts . the original fountain in la casa pacifica 's courtyard . herbert said that the putting the house on the market was ' a very hard decision ' . he said : ' i think we felt we were caretakers . we care a lot about who the next caretakers would be ' .