until a few days ago , the closest danny willett could come to playing augusta national was on a simulator at doncaster golf range , where he also gained his first experience of doral before last month 's wgc-cadillac championship . and considering the 27-year-old yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster , perhaps it is not too fanciful to suggest willett could become the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 . ' i 've always said if you 're not going to go to an event and be fully prepared to try to win , there is no point going , ' willett said . danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 . willett insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first major of 2015 . fuzzy zoeller won on his augusta debut in 1979 and willett is looking to emulate his achievements . ' you do n't pitch up to try to finish 15th , 30th or just try to make the cut ; you try to go and win regardless of the field or whatever . if you ca n't do that i do n't know what your own long-term goal is . i have my own idea of where i want to be and it 's not finishing mid-pack . ' a certain rory mcilroy might have something to say about such lofty ambitions next week , but willett is very well aware of what the world number one is capable of from their amateur days . the pair met in the first round of the amateur championship in 2007 and it was willett who was five up after six holes before eventually sealing victory on the 17th . later that year they were on the same team in the walker cup as great britain and ireland lost out at royal county down to an american team featuring rickie fowler , billy horschel , dustin johnson and webb simpson . ' that was a long time ago now , both of our games have changed since then so hopefully we can be on the same team in ryder cups and i can beat him a few more times , ' willett added . ' i think i was the last person to beat him as an amateur before he turned pro . he 's a very difficult person to beat right now on a golf course . it 's pretty phenomenal golf he 's playing . ' if you finish one place in front of rory in most events you 're going to do all right . he 's going to be the man to beat around augusta . if he does n't win it this year i 'm sure it 's only a matter of time before he does . ' willett swapped the simulator for the real thing before heading to texas to play in the shell houston open and was understandably excited by the prospect . ' gym time before typing magnolia lane into the sat nav ! ! ! boom ! ! ' was one post on twitter , followed afterwards by : ' well that first experience at augusta can only be described as awesome ! ! ' the two-time european tour winner added : ' the first one is always special . i remember the first open that i played and there is a different feel about majors . i think the masters is going to feel more different still . ' obviously the open is close to your heart as your home major but the masters always has that air of being just a little bit special . i 'm going to try and treat it as a normal week in terms of i 'm going there to try and compete with all the guys i have played against for the last six years , try not to make it too much of an ordeal but at the same time appreciate what you 've achieved to get there and actually enjoy it . ' to that end willett and his friends and family will be renting two houses in augusta for the week , while his wife nicole will be carrying his bag in the traditional par-three contest on wednesday . ' my wife was born on the sunday that sandy lyle won ( in 1988 ) so that could be an omen , ' willett joked . before the fun of the par-three contest willett will look to pick the brains of the likes of stablemate lee westwood in practice , the former world number one having finished in the top 10 in each of the last three years and second in 2010 . willett ( left ) would postpone rory mcilroy 's career grand slam hopes if he produced a surprise win . willett is renting two houses in augusta with his wife and family for the week in augusta . but he will also take plenty of confidence from his victory in the nedbank challenge in south africa last december , when he finished with rounds of 65 and 66 to overturn a five-shot deficit to another former world number one in luke donald . ' the win there is more for your own inward confidence that regardless of where you are , you can draw on experiences where you were really under pressure and had to hit a certain golf shot and that week i stood up and did it almost every time , ' said willett , who remains top of the race to dubai ahead of mcilroy . ' i played fantastic , especially on sunday . we played very aggressive like we did all week , did n't change the game plan and kept smashing it with driver off the tee to get shorter irons in and that made it difficult when we got in front for people to catch us . ' 