kenyatta leal has something millions of people would give anything for : the ability to bring the cream of silicon valley’s executives to their feet . however , unlike most app developers , he learnt about technology not at mit or at stanford , but at san quentin correctional facility . he is the first graduate of the last mile , the world’s only prison-based tech incubator . unprecedented : this is kenyatta leal , the first graduate of san quentin 's tech program that teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . leal was one of 15 prisoners who was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan - while inside san quentin . mc hammer acted as one of his numerous mentors . each prisoner that applies to the scheme must complete an application process , as they would for a job , explaining their history and their ambitions , plus one ' essay question ' about their life . leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike , unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony . he was locked up in the country’s oldest men’s prison , which has housed charles manson and bobby kennedy killer sirhan sirhan . but in 2011 he was handed a lifeline : programming . the business program teaches inmates about the internet , a phenomenon invented in the mid-90s after most of them were incarcerated . the aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work ' on the outside’ . now , after being paroled in 2013 , leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation : teaching cons about technology . 'i’ve been very lucky , ' he told dailymail.com . ' i was completely lost when i was incarcerated . i didn’t know what i was doing . ' then i started hearing about this thing called the internet . my family started visiting me with these things called smart phones , we would talk about ' the internet ' inside . ' i was asking , `` what is ' tweeting ' ? what is a ' blog ' ? what is ' google ' ? '' i wanted to know more . ' the program was started in 2011 by venture capitalists chris redlitz and his wife beverly parenti , who were asked to perform a half-hour guest speech to prisoners . but , intrigued by the questions they were asked , they stayed for hours and as they left , vowed to come back . california has a 61 per cent rate of re-offending within the first years - the highest of any state . and criminals cost $ 47,000 a year . kenyatta leal became a star of his class by developing a live version of fantasy football called coach potato - which will launch after he completes his second degree in business management . chris schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . horatio herts , is currently in pittsburgh advising state legislators on how to tackle obesity . his business plan was called the healthy hearts foundation . it focuses on ways to help overweight americans get back in shape . james houston has built a curriculum to teach under-privileged , inner-city children about technology . as americans struggle to land jobs , and employers place an increased emphasis on computer literacy , prisoners who have never even seen a computer are sidelined from any tech-related occupations . leal was one of 15 prisoners who was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan - while inside san quentin . mc hammer acted as one of his numerous mentors . each prisoner that applies to the scheme must complete an application process , as they would for a job , explaining their history and their ambitions , plus one ' essay question ' about their life . gruelling : once accepted , the students have two meetings a week and feedback sessions with leading entrepreneurs and community leaders , referred to as ' the shark tank ' , after the tv show . chris schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . some modules offer the so-called ' employees ' the chance to learn coding - and fight for the chance to be awarded ' employee of the month ' . new leaf : now paroled , leal ( pictured with last mile founder chris redlitz ) is working to expand the program . once accepted , they have two meetings a week and feedback sessions with leading entrepreneurs and community leaders , referred to as ' the shark tank ' , after the tv show . some modules offer the so-called ' employees ' the chance to learn coding using a special program produced by hack reactor , a coding school in san francisco . every four weeks , they fight for the chance to be awarded ' employee of the month ' . on ’pitch day’ , six months later , they present to a room of potential investors - clad in blue uniforms . leal became a star of his class by developing a live version of fantasy football called coach potato - which will launch after he completes his second degree in business management . chris schuhmacher , who is serving a life sentence for stabbing to death a friend that stole a suitcase of marijuana from his apartment 12 years ago , is another star student , now developing a fitness app . like leal , shuhmacher completed an associate arts degree at patten university during his time inside , and graduated as valedictorian of his class . another one of the 'graduates’ , horatio herts , is currently in pittsburgh advising state legislators on how to tackle obesity . his business plan was called the healthy hearts foundation . it focuses on ways to help overweight americans get back in shape . james houston has built a curriculum to teach under-privileged , inner-city children about technology . leal said : ' men in prison , they have an entrepreneurial spirit but it’s misdirected . ' if you start inside it carries on to the outside . i felt like i was on the sidelines and needed a way to start over . ' since technology and the internet are banned in prison , the last mile has developed dummy programs that mimic websites such as twitter , word press and google . the guard tower at san quentin state prison , where the program is based . the program was started in 2011 by venture capitalists chris redlitz , who was asked to give a half-hour guest speech to prisoners . but , intrigued by the questions he was asked , he stayed for hours . overlooking : an ex-con and relative cast a glance at san quentin prison as they hike in san francisco . the program has inevitably been a cause for criticism . but none that the prisoners take seriously , they say . ' you do get a few snarky remarks but that comes with the territory because not everybpdy is going to understand what we’re bringing to the table . ' those are the people we want to talk to . ' it seems investors agree . eric greenberg , author of generation we who attends the last mile’s pitch day , even says the so-called graduates have an edge over others pitching . ' someone who comes through this is a highly inspirational human being who has a lot of things to share , ' he explains . as the program grows , and sights are set on falsom prison for a last mile project , it has drawn attention . award-winning director ondi timoner has just completed a documentary on the program , in connection with wired , which premiered at sxsw festival in austin on march 15 . san quentin is the country’s oldest men’s prison , which has housed charles manson and sirhan sirhan . as the program grows , sights are set on falsom prison for a last mile project . timoner , who has directed documentaries one women’s prisons and on technology , told dailymail.com : ' we have a prison system that’s just broken . we have the most people incarcerated in the world . ' we need to do something . and imagine the untapped potential in prisons . criminal behavior and entrepreneurial behavior have a lot of things in common . entrepreneurs are looking to get things done and quickly and get to the bottom line . criminals do as well . ' i realized the power of the internet and the democratization that it allows… they can start businesses that are socially good . ' executive producer rachel samuels remarks : ’i think this is a new step . ' kenyatta , for example , is one of the most inspiring people i have ever met and it makes you think : if he can turn his life around , what excuse is there for the rest of us ? ' the last mile documentary is now available to watch on thescene.com . 