michael gridley , 26 , was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from the asda in basildon , essex , where he worked . an asda manager orchestrated a scam that used the supermarket 's own delivery service to steal goods worth more than £15,000 - then managed to land a job at lidl after he was sacked . michael gridley , 26 , was jailed after running the scam where stock including alcohol , cigarettes , dvds , computer games and consoles were taken from the store in basildon , essex , where he worked . southend crown court heard how the conspiracy was uncovered , following a period during which gridley and colleague jay reed were under suspicion . thomas daniel , prosecuting , told the court that goods , ranging from televisions to baby formula , were delivered to reed 's address and presumably sold on . he said : ' two anonymous reports were received by asda , one of which suggested mr gridley was involved in selling items believed to have been stolen , such as tvs and baby formula . ' when mr gridley was ill for a certain period of time , those deliveries stopped , and when he recovered they started again . ' another email suggested stolen goods being delivered to the address of mr gridley 's cousin . ' but shockingly , after being sacked from the store , gridley managed to land a managerial role at lidl in romford , essex . gridley , who was former home shopping manager of the store , was sentenced to 12 months for his leading role in a conspiracy to steal £15,852.46 worth of goods between november 2013 and april last year . the court heard that reed and another defendant james munyard had been pressured into taking part in the scam by gridley , who was their superior . stock including alcohol , cigarettes were taken from shelves and delivered to addresses using the supermarket 's own home delivery service . file photo . section leader reed , 23 , and munyard , 21 , both avoided prison , but were given suspended sentences of eight and four months , respectively . mitchell cohen , representing munyard , told the court that his client , whose role was confined to taking items off shelves and putting them in a crate , had attempted to be transferred from the store in order to escape gridley 's control . james munyard ( pictured ) avoided jail for his part in the scam . reed was deemed to have been in a position of trust and responsibility in the criminal enterprise , but recorder gerard pounder said he had a lesser role than gridley , 26 , and munyard even less so . despite hearing gridley , of tilbury , financially supported his former partner and their two-year-old child but also his own father and grandparents , recorder pounder said he had no choice but to send him to prison . he said : ' you were in a position of supreme trust and you say you started this because of threats made regarding a drug debt of your cousin 's , you continued even as those threats faded , and brought other people in , too . ' sentencing reed to eight months imprisonment , suspended for 18 months , and 200 hours ' unpaid work , he said : ' you were in a lesser role than mr gridley but you were a section leader and had responsibilities . ' in that respect you were somebody who knew the system and it was to your premises these items were taken - without that and your part in the enterprise , it would not have worked . ' munyard , who mr cohen said ' did n't have the spine to stand up to what he was being asked to do , ' was sentenced to four months ' imprisonment , suspended for 12 months , and 100 hours ' unpaid work . a spokesperson for lidl told mailonline they are unable to comment until an internal investigation has been conducted .