sue southern , head of west midlands counter terrorism police unit , which has detained three people in relation to terrorism offences today . police have arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists , while also detaining a ' terror fundraiser ' . the teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry , west midlands , during a 6am raid by the region 's counter terrorism unit today . a 39-year-old man in coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism , scotland yard said . all three are currently in custody in a west midlands police station and have been detained under the police and criminal evidence act . the legislation gives officers a maximum of 36 hours before they can charge , release , bail or apply for further detention . west midlands police has said the arrests of the teenagers were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public . a metropolitan police spokesman said the arrests were part of two separate investigations while officers say enquiries into both are continuing . the west midlands counter terrorism unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number syria-related investigations in the region . one of britain 's most senior counter terrorism officers , assistant commissioner mark rowley , explained the challenge for police is identifying potential jihadi fighters . this is because many of the young people from the west midlands suspected to have travelled to the conflict zone had no previous links to extremist groups . detective chief superintendent sue southern , who heads up the west midlands counter terrorism unit , said : ' we are seeing young people who previously had no reason to be known to the authorities , being radicalised . ' it makes working with communities all the more important if we are to stop young people from becoming involved in terrorist activities . ' the west midlands counter terrorism unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number syria-related investigations in the region . assistant commissioner mark rowley , one of the country 's most senior counter terrorism officers , has warned there has been a high rise in the number of syria-related investigations in the west midlands . the force has seen a number of high profile syria-related investigations , which have resulted in people appearing in court . two men , aged 22 , from handsworth were recently sentenced for terrorism offences while a man and a woman stood trial in september and october . detective chief superintendent sue southern , added : ' we have a number of other on-going investigations involving individuals suspected of fighting with proscribed groups . ' anyone who does travel to the region faces being questioned by police when they return . every case is assessed individually but if there are grounds to suspect a person has been involved in terrorism they will be arrested . ' she urged families to allow police to intervene at as early a stage as possible to ' help safeguard young people ' . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .