starbucks is embroiled in fresh controversy over its tax affairs after it was accused of using a little-known british company to avoid paying taxes across europe . the u.s. coffee giant is being probed by the european commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills . it could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal . for the first time yesterday , details emerged about the uk company at the heart of the probe , which is focusing on sweetheart tax deals between starbucks and the dutch government . probe : starbucks ran its european division - including the uk - through the netherlands , but it paid just £1.9million in tax to the dutch government , from a reported £300million profit . starbucks ran its european business , including its booming uk division , through the netherlands where it paid almost no tax on its profits . but it has now emerged that the coffee chain used a defunct british entity to hide potentially millions of pounds from the dutch taxman . by registering its intellectual property – such as its brand and logo – in a uk company called alki lp , it was able to pay hefty sums from its netherlands division into britain . its dutch division paid just £1.9million of tax , despite reporting profits of £300million – a meagre tax rate of less than 1per cent . a wall street journal investigation has uncovered previously unknown details about the uk entity , including a claim that it had not a single registered employee . starbucks has already been called ‘immoral’ by mps for its labyrinthine structure that effectively funnelled money out of the uk . schemes used by the company include buying its coffee beans in switzerland and selling them at a 20per cent mark-up to the netherlands , where they are then roasted before being sold on again to britain . this means that much of the money it makes from uk sales flows into jurisdictions that have lower or less stringent tax regimes . revealed : it is now claimed the company , which has previously been in the spotlight for its tax practices , may have used a british company to put hefty sums from its netherlands branch into the uk . between 1998 and 2012 the company paid just £8.6million in corporation tax in britain , despite racking up combined sales of more than £3billion here . but after its tactics were exposed , the company offered to pay a voluntary £20million in tax to avoid a public boycott . now details of a little-known tax division have emerged . a uk-registered holding business called alki lp was set up to house the branding of the business . in a bizarre move , alki appeared to have no employees – and was registered at the offices of starbuck’s tax lawyers baker & mckenzie . compliance : a starbucks spokesman said the company complies ' with all relevant tax rules , laws , and oecd guidelines ' . but because of the very limited details available , it is impossible to identify how much money the arm received – or whether it paid any tax in the uk . accounts for starbucks’ dutch businesses show that they paid several million pounds a year into the division . but without access to full corporate documents it is impossible to tell whether this remained in the uk division or was funnelled straight into another tax haven . the business , which was closed down last year , has never filed proper accounts at companies house . when it was dissolved , alki was folded into a new company , starbucks emea holdings – though this business has also yet to file any accounts . this is an aspect that eu investigators believe is key to their probe . earlier this year the british boss of starbucks provoked outrage after suggesting the company would not pay ‘normal’ levels of tax for years . uk managing director mark fox said the company needed to get ‘ its mojo back’ before it would begin to turn a profit . but he was confounded only weeks later when starbucks reported its first ever uk profit of £1.1million – despite sales being a bumper £300million . on this it paid taxes of just £232,363 , as well as the sum of £11.2million as part of its voluntary £20million tax payment . a starbucks spokesman said : ‘ we comply with all relevant tax rules , laws , and oecd guidelines and we continue to cooperate with the european commission’s state aid investigation in the netherlands . ’ 