german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of andreas lubitz 's mental health issues . killer pilot andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ' skydevil ' , it has emerged . the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to german newspaper bild . investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ' bipolar ' and ' manic depressive ' . in a separate development , it has emerged that european regulators warned germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement , the european commission said . its statement did not say when the review was carried out . but the wall street journal said the commission told berlin in november ' to remedy the long-standing problems ' - months before the germanwings crash that killed all 150 people aboard . meanwhile , the aviation authority , the luftfahrtbundesamt ( lba ) , also said it did not know about lubitz 's medical background prior to the crash . parent company lufthansa said lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past , raising questions over whether medical checks of crew members by the safety regulators and airlines are rigorous enough . eu officials found that the lba had a lack of staff , which could have limited its ability to carry out checks on planes and crew , such as medical checks , the journal reported , citing two people familiar with the matter . it said it was unclear whether the deficiencies identified at lba were factors in the crash , however . vetting of airline crew is in the spotlight after the budget airline flight was crashed deliberately into by lubitz . ' on the basis of easa ( european aviation safety agency ) recommendations , the commission has addressed the issues to germany to require compliance . ' germany 's replies are currently being assessed , ' the commission spokesman said in the statement , emailed out on saturday . ' all eu member states have findings and this is a normal and regular occurrence . it is part of a continuous system of oversight : findings are followed by corrective action , similar to an audit process , ' the commission spokesman said , without specifying easa 's findings in germany . the spokesman was not immediately available for further comment . the germanwings airbus a320 ( above ) crashed into a mountain at 430mph , killing all 150 people on board . a spokeswoman for the lba said easa 's audits of national aviation authorities such as the lba took place several times a year . she said the lba had answered a single-figure number of criticisms levelled at it during the audits and those responses were now being assessed by easa . meanwhile , it has been claimed that lufthansa did not inform aviation regulators that lubitz had struggled with depression . sources at the federal aviation office ( lba ) said they were never made aware of the 27-year-old 's mental health issues and only learned about them following the disaster . lubitz perished in the crash alongside all those on board after locking his co-pilot out of the cockpit and deliberately accelerating into the french mountainside , prosecutors claim . his lengthy battle with depression was revealed afterwards when investigators carried out extensive checks on his record . however the lba says it was never told of the observations made by doctors who had examined the 27-year-old in his ' earlier phase of serious depression ' . the first black box voice recorder from the germanwings flight that was recovered last week and revealed andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . the second has now also been retrieved from the wreckage . german newspaper welt am sonntag quoted sources as having discovered his mental health issues three days after the crash by accessing his medical file at lufthansa 's aeromedical center . records revealed he had been tested by doctors six times , the report claimed . lufthansa declined to comment on its claims citing the ongoing investigation into the crash . earlier the airline 's chief carsten spohr said it was entirely unaware lubitz had suffered any health issues that would have compromised his ability to fly . last week it however conceded he had told his flight school of a previous bout of ' severe depression ' in 2009 . he was later given a medical certificate confirming he was fit to fly . prosecutors claimed the pilot was diagnosed as suicidal several years before receiving his licence and that doctors had only recently concluded there was no evidence he wanted to harm himself . french emergency rescue services work at the crash site of the germanwings plane where 150 people died . lubitz had been signed off sick repeatedly in the days before the crash , with doctors notes found crumpled in his apartment following the disaster . forensics teams are still working at the crash site , painstakingly recovering debris which they hope will aid investigations . it is not yet known whether the pilot was taking medication at the time of the crash , though data recovered from the scene revealed he had deliberately accelerated into the side of a mountain . he had previously been prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong that users are warned not to drive while under its influence . in the days before hand he had researched suicide methods and cockpit security online , all the while telling doctors he was not flying but on sick leave . team talk : french gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the german airbus a320 as part of the search operation in seyne-les-alpes .