six chelsea players have been named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year . jose mourinho 's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 and their dominance over the past nine months was highlighted by a cluster of blue shirts in the xi announced by the pfa on sunday . the entire back four started the season as blues players , with centre-back pairing john terry and gary cahill joined by branislav ivanovic and ryan bertrand , the latter of whom signed permanently for southampton in february having joined on loan last summer . eden hazard , favourite for the main individual award after a superb season in which he has notched 18 goals for the stamford bridge outfit , was in midfield along with club colleague nemanja matic , liverpool 's philippe coutinho and arsenal 's alexis sanchez . tottenham forward harry kane - tipped to be crowned young player of the year at london 's grosvenor hotel later on sunday - was the only english attacking player , chosen up front alongside chelsea 's 19-goal striker diego costa . some chelsea fans may feel aggrieved that there are not seven players in the team with cesc fabregas a notable exception . the midfielder has made 16 league assists this season , 12 more than coutinho . the pfa premier league team of the year for the 2014-15 season was announced on sunday . goalkeeper - david de gea ( manchester united ) . appearances : 33 . clean sheets : 10 . david de gea has overcome a difficult start in english football to become united 's most outstanding performer this season . the 24-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid this summer . manchester united goalkeeper david de gea makes a save from west ham 's enner valencia in february . right-back - branislav ivanovic ( chelsea ) . appearances : 32 . goals : 4 . clean sheets : 15 . it has been another sterling season for the ever-dependable branislav ivanovic and the 31-year-old serbian has attracted the eye of german giants bayern munich with his contract due to run out in 2016 . chelsea 's serbian defender branislav ivanovic ( right ) challenges manchester united 's marouane fellaini . centre-back - john terry ( chelsea ) . appearances : 32 . goals : 3 . clean sheets : 15 . john terry continues to impress at the age of 34 and former england team-mate paul scholes was left bemused when the chelsea captain was omitted in the shortlist for player of the year . chelsea captain john terry heads the ball during a premier league match against southampton in december . centre-back - gary cahill ( chelsea ) . appearances : 30 . goals : 1 . clean sheets : 14 . gary cahill makes the pfa team of the year for the second consecutive season with the 29-year-old playing a major part yet again in chelsea 's rock solid defence this season - no premier league club has conceded fewer than their 26 goals . chelsea defender gary cahill ( left ) takes the ball away from hull 's nikica jelavic last december . left-back - ryan bertrand ( southampton ) . appearances : 30 . goals : 2 . clean sheets : 13 . ryan bertrand joined southampton on loan from chelsea at the start of the season before completing a permanent £10m move in february . the 25-year-old has enjoyed a fine season on the south coast . southampton defender ryan bertrand ( left ) controls the ball under pressure from hull 's mohamed diame . right midfield - alexis sanchez ( arsenal ) . appearances : 29 . goals : 14 . assists : 8 . fourteen league goals and eight assists . what a debut season it has been for alexis sanchez after the 26-year-old chilean joined from barcelona last summer for a fee of around £35m . arsenal 's alexis sanchez ( left ) controls the ball as liverpool 's raheem sterling looks on earlier this month . centre midfield - philippe coutinho ( liverpool ) . appearances : 30 . goals : 3 . assists : 4 . it has not been the season liverpool hoped for after missing out on the premier league title last year but 22-year-old brazilian philippe coutinho has been the stand-out performer for brendan rodgers ' side . liverpool 's philippe coutinho ( right ) advances with the ball under chase from west brom 's darren fletcher . centre midfield - nemanja matic ( chelsea ) . appearances : 30 . goals : 1 . assists : 2 . in his first full season with chelsea , 26-year-old nemanja matic has performed a key role for the blue and is regarded by some as the best defensive midfielder in europe . chelsea 's nemanja matic ( right ) looks to evade the challenge of manchester united 's luis antonio valencia . left midfield - eden hazard ( chelsea ) . appearances : 32 . goals : 13 . assists : 8 . eden hazard 's impact for chelsea this season prompted his boss jose mourinho to say , rather lightheartedly , this week that the 24-year-old is worth £100m for each leg plus cristiano ronaldo . this is the third straight season that hazard has been named in the pfa team of the year . chelsea midfielder eden hazard ( front ) skips past the challenge of manchester united 's wayne rooney . striker - harry kane ( tottenham hotspur ) . appearances : 30 . goals : 20 . assists : 4 . this has been the season in which 21-year-old harry kane has announced himself to the world , scoring 20 league goals in a stunning breakthrough season which also included a debut goal for england just 80 seconds after coming on against lithuania last month . tottenham hotspur star harry kane celebrates his goal against liverpool at anfield in february . striker - diego costa ( chelsea ) . appearances : 24 . goals : 19 . assists : 3 . diego costa has made quite the impact in his first season in england after joining chelsea from atletico madrid for £32million last summer , scoring 19 league goals and consistently winding up the opposition . chelsea striker diego costa celebrates after scoring against aston villa at stamford bridge .