asbestos has been discovered in the roof at new york city 's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from gracie mansion will begin this month . the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . asbestos has been discovered in the roof at new york city 's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from gracie mansion will begin this month . mayor bill de blasio and first lady chirlane mccray hosting a black history month youth event at gracie mansion in february : the family expect to remain in the property during the building work . ' gracie mansion is one of manhattan 's oldest structures built more than 200 years ago and as with any older homes , maintenance is necessary , ' mayoral spokesman peter kadushin said on wednesday . ' beginning this month gracie mansion will undergo asbestos abatement and some long-needed roof repairs . ' the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc. , officials said . the replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof , which is being done by nicholson and galloway , should cost an additional $ 3.4 million , officials said . the roof was frequently overmatched during rain storms , forcing city work crews to be dispatched to patch problem areas multiple times this winter , officials said . the two projects will be undertaken concurrently and should be completed by october or november , officials said . de blasio poses with his son dante ( left ) , daughter chiara ( right ) , and wife chirlane outside of their park slope home which the family had considered remaining in before moving to gracie mansion last july . a storage shed also is being built on the mansion 's property . and officials said that about 10 of the building 's windows were undergoing upgrades to become energy-efficient at the cost of another $ 13,000 . de blasio 's predecessor , michael bloomberg , earmarked $ 3 million to the parks department capital budget in 2012 to replace the tired roof . bloomberg never lived in the mansion during his 12 years in office — he instead opted to remain at his tony upper east side townhome — but oversaw extensive renovations to the home , which he used for meetings and ceremonial events . after considering remaining in his brooklyn home , de blasio , his wife and their two children moved into gracie mansion last july . the home , which is managed by the nonprofit gracie mansion conservancy , was built in 1799 , at which time it sat in the countryside more than five miles north of what was then a very small new york city . the mansion was seized by the city in 1896 after its owner failed to pay taxes . it became the official mayoral residence in 1942 . the home , which is managed by the nonprofit gracie mansion conservancy , was built in 1799 , at which time it sat in the countryside more than five miles north of what was then a very small new york city . 