the worry for virgil van dijk is obvious . holland’s national team have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup . and still guus hiddink never calls or writes . the celtic defender made it into two squads last year . but one step forward is usually followed by two steps back . when the dutch were drawing 1-1 with turkey the other night he was sunning himself in the arabian gulf and bumping into club-mates instead . virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the holland national team . van dijk 's last call-up to the dutch side came last year though he has never been capped by his country . ‘ i saw stuart armstrong and callum mcgregor , ’ he says in deadpan fashion . ‘ the better players were with their national teams . i was in dubai . ’ a holiday in dubai is rarely a cause of self-pity . yet van dijk’s gripe is obvious . his breakthrough to the national squad was short-lived and he can’t shake the nagging belief that he might have a better chance of playing for his country if he performed in a more respected league than the spfl . celtic boss ronny deila denies this , using jason denayer’s belgium debut against israel by way of a counter argument . ‘ i don’t think the belgian national team is any worse than the dutch , ’ he insists . ‘ right now , it is better . so i don’t think that is the answer . ‘ i don’t know the level of the other central defenders in holland , but they must be very , very good to be better than virgil , in my opinion . ’ van dijk’s rivals for hiddink’s attentions are stefan de vrij , bruno martins indi , jeffrey bruma and joel veltman . none are superstars . but they play in italy , portugal or holland . all three leagues have a better reputation than the spfl and the worry for celtic is that van dijk knows it . van dijk says he was happy for team-mate jason denayer , who made his debut for belgium against israel . ‘ yes , i think that’s maybe one of the big reasons , ’ says the defender . ‘ they don’t take the ( scottish ) league too serious . i don’t know what the reason is , but until then i just need to keep working and hopefully get a call-up . ‘ nobody asks the manager ( hiddink ) or his staff either why i’m not getting a call-up . for me , the only thing i can do is play well for celtic , work hard and prove myself day in and day out . ‘i’ve watched most of the games , including the highlights from the turkey game last week . sometimes you hope you get a chance . but until that day will come , it’s just for me to work hard and win games for celtic and prove myself . ‘ if i’m in the national team it would be a big bonus because it’s only like last season that i’ve been playing okay and i’ve tried to continue that this season . if i get a call-up then great . ’ through any disappointment he could find a silver lining in being overlooked once more . ‘ it was a little bit disappointing when the squad was announced , ’ he concedes . ‘ but the day i knew i was getting a week off was a better day , i think . ‘ my feeling is i needed this break a lot . i’ve never played so many games in a season as i have this year so far and the travelling is also quite hard at time , mentally . ‘ i needed a nice break with the family away to get some rest and to be ready for friday . i’ve been to dubai and got some nice sun and relaxation . ’ ronny deila believes the standard of scottish football makes no difference to holland 's decision-making . there is no envy of his friend and defensive partner jason denayer . the 20-year-old was called into the fray for belgium after vincent kompany was sent off in midweek , playing half an hour for his homeland . ‘i’m very happy for him , ’ insists van dijk . ‘ he is a good friend of mine now and i’m very happy he made his debut . it was a good day for him . ’ whether either player will still be at celtic next season is impossible to say . van dijk plays questions with a straight bat . as all footballers must , he insists he thinks little of transfer matters so long as there are trophies to play for . ‘ i speak to my agent almost daily , ’ he reveals . ‘ but he’s more than an agent to me , he’s also become a very good friend . ‘ he knows exactly what i want and what i don’t want to hear . so , we have a very good relationship and that remains that way . ‘ i don’t think about all that at the moment , not at all . i think about the treble . ‘ we have one cup now and the other two are close , so i want to win both of them and write some history . that’s all i’m thinking about . i’m not thinking about this is going to be my last season at the club or anything else . ’ van dijk leaves the field after being sent off against inter milan in the europa league in february . like van dijk , his coach deila also took a holiday ahead of friday night’s clash with st mirren in paisley and the final stretch of the domestic season . ‘ i was in marbella for a week , 25 degrees in the sun , ’ says the norwegian . ‘ so that was good . i needed that . ‘ i switched off . it was a good week . of course you are always thinking a little bit and watching the international teams , what’s happening there , but it was a very , very good week . ‘i’m ready now and looking forward to friday . ‘it’s our possibility to take some days off - because during the season you play three times a week so there’s never a chance to do anything . when we have international team breaks , we have 70 per cent of the squad away on duty . it’s good to use those periods . ’ 