alan greaves , pictured , claimed ' the illuminati framed him by downloading child abuse images on his computer . a father-of-eight caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile claimed he was framed by the illuminati . police raided alan greaves 's home in colne , lancashire in september 2013 where they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device . forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category , with a further 872 at the next level . burnley crown court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies . laura barbour , defending , said she had been instructed the reason greaves had the images on his computer was because he was conducting an investigation on the ' illuminati ' . he believed the group ' disseminates ' such material and that is how images ended up on his computer , the court heard . she added : ' he told police he has no interest in children sexually in any way . ' the court was told the defendant , who has children aged around 30 to two-years-old , was also a full-time carer for his disabled sister . jailing him for 21 months , judge simon newell said there appeared to be sexually-explicit images of females aged just 10 , or younger , which had assembled over a three-year period . ' if it was not for people viewing these images , there would be a chance these children would not be harmed , ' he said . greaves , who pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images , was also given a sexual harm prevention order and told to sign the sex offenders ' register for the next 10 years . he is also barred from working with children . burnley crown court , pictured , heard that almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category . the illuminati featured in the movie angels & demons based on the best-selling novel by dan brown . some conspiracy theorists claim the pyramid and eye on a us $ 1 note is evidence of the illuminati . the illuminati are a secret society who was founded in the late 1700s in munich , bavaria , named after the latin word for ' enlightenment ' . the secret society has been blamed for a range of events by crazed conspiracy theorists . some theorists have linked the organisation with the battle of waterloo ; the french revolution ; the assassination of presidents lincoln and kennedy . others believe that the illuminati control hollywood and have a membership which includes senior political leaders . according to one conspiracy theory site , there are only 6,000 members worldwide with a ruling council consisting of five americans , five western europeans , one russian and one indian . the illuminati claim they want to overthrow current governments and introduce their own new world order . the organisation have been accused of being devil worshipers and conspiracy theorists claim that the illuminati manifest their power by showing their symbols such as triangles , pyramids and the number 666 . conspiracy theorists believe the illuminati want to rule the world with a single government which they control and introduce a single currency . the more far-fetched theorists claim the illuminati control groups such as the bildeberg group as well as the united nations . they are also accused of having control of the free masons and other secret organisations .