david cameron 's manifesto pledge to dramatically extend margaret thatcher 's right-to-buy policy was this morning attacked as a ' deeply unfair ' bribe which will cost taxpayers billions of pounds . in a bold pitch to working class voters , the prime minister said the tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . but the national housing federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited . scroll down for video . thatcher 's plan : prime minister david cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme which will allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . the chartered institute of housing , meanwhile , said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis - and could even make it worse by cutting the number of low-cost social homes available for poor families . labour jumped on the remarks this morning , claiming the policy had ' unravelled ' and pointed to figures showing that last year just 479 council homes were sold off – raising £100million , or 2 per cent of the funds promised by the tories . but the home secretary theresa may defended the policy on the bbc this morning – insisting it was affordable and would give families the opportunity to live in a home that they owned . she said : ' it is a very important policy because it shows what sort of government a conservative government would be . it shows that we 're a government that 's on the side of working people who want to get on a build a better future for themselves and their families . ' unveiling the conservative manifesto this morning , mr cameron declared the ' dream of a property-owning democracy is alive ' . he said : ' the next conservative government will extend the right-to-buy to all housing association tenants in this country – 1.3million extra families – a new generation given the security of a home of their own . ' original plan : the right-to-buy scheme became lady thatcher 's most famous single policy . the pledge to extend right-to-buy , which was introduced in 1980 but has now been stopped in its tracks by labour in wales and the snp in scotland , will delight the tory faithful , who were buoyed last night by a six-point poll lead over labour . but the policy was branded ' deeply unfair ' by housing associations and industry experts today . national housing federation director ruth davison said the extension of right to buy to housing association properties was ' the wrong solution to our housing crisis ' . she said : ' a very conservative estimate of this policy puts the cost to the taxpayer of at least £5.8billion . ' following 40 years of successive governments ' failure to build the homes the country needs , soaring rents and house prices and the biggest baby boom since the 1950s , ensuring that there enough homes today and tomorrow must be our nation 's top priority . ' she added : ' halfway through a programme of austerity and in the grips of a housing crisis , if you had £20 billion of taxpayers ' money , would you just give it away as a gift to some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ? ' gavin smart , deputy chief executive of the chartered institute of housing , said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis . he said : ' in fact it could make things worse for people on lower incomes who are already struggling to access a decent home at a price they can afford . ' individual tenants might benefit from the opportunity to own a home , but we would be very concerned that it would result in a dramatic loss of vital social and affordable housing . ' the conservatives say that forcing councils to sell off their most valuable properties would fund this extension plus 400,000 new homes over five years – we fear the figures simply wo n't stack up . ' samantha cameron and chancellor of the exchequer george osborne listen to prime minister david cameron as he unveils the conservative party manifesto in swindon this morning . he added : ' and it could have a huge impact on councils ' ability to build new homes , particularly in more expensive areas like london and the south east , where it might actually make more sense for them to borrow against the value of these properties so they can fund more homes . ' senior tory figures , including iain duncan smith , boris johnson and david davis , have been calling for the measure to be at the heart of the party 's manifesto . the original right-to-buy saw more than 1.5million council homes being sold off at discounted rates . leading to a surge in home ownership , it became lady thatcher 's most famous single policy . labour 's shadow housing minister attacked the tory policy today . the coalition government has already increased right-to-buy discounts for council homes , meaning more are moving into the private sector . but most tenants living in homes provided by housing associations – not-for-profit bodies that have gradually replaced councils as the main providers of social housing – do not qualify . enabling them to buy their homes is expected to require major changes to the 1996 housing act , and is likely to be fiercely opposed by housing associations themselves . as well as promoting home ownership , the scheme could also dramatically reduce the vast housing benefit bill . currently , taxpayers subsidise the housing costs of many unemployed and lower paid workers who live in housing association properties . the 1.3million housing association homes are occupied by 2.75million people . mr cameron said : ' at the heart of this manifesto is a simple proposition . we are the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your life . ' if you 're a young person looking for training , if you 're looking for a decent job , if you want to buy your own home , if you 're raising a family and need help with childcare , if you fall ill , and need to rely on our nhs , if you are reaching retirement , and want real security . we are there for you – offering security at every stage of your life . ' some labour figures , including former welfare minister frank field and former cabinet minister alan milburn , have previously championed the idea of extending the right-to-buy to housing associations . how does right-to-buy work ? introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , tony blair 's government cut the top discount from £50,000 to £38,000 and sales slowed . what has the coalition done ? it has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £77,000 for most areas . are housing association tenants covered ? housing associations – autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes – are largely exempt . however , around 800,000 ha tenants have a limited ' right to acquire ' with discounts capped at between £9,000 to £16,000 . the other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . what are the tory proposals ? they would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £102,700 in london and £77,000 across the rest of england . how will this be paid for ? the tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . the sell-off could net £4.5billion a year . what about the proceeds ? they will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a 'one-to-one ' basis the council homes sold off . the new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . the rest would go to create a £1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . it would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , tories say .