for decades , sheds have a been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone . in the book ' men and sheds , ' the author gordon thorburn called the wooden buildings a `` male necessity '' - somewhere were they could do some woodwork , pot some plants or even just read the newspaper in peace . but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own - a she shed . scroll down for video . more and more women are demanding their own ' she sheds ' , places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . as everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller , women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven . but while most men might be content with a leaky old shack made of rotting timber , female customers are looking for a home away from home . they are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock tudor pavilions with tiled floors . instead of a few upturned apple boxes and an old wireless , the new she sheds are being decked out with moroccan rugs , cushions , chandeliers and coffee tables . some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs , complete with working jukebox and fifties-style restaurant booths . fancy a ' she shed ' of your own ? read on for some inspiration ... the owner of this shed has taken inspiration from the seaside , creating a beach hut-type style . this ' she shed ' is extremely spacious and could entertain a number of people without feeling cramped . this shed owner has added numerous grand touches to their abode , including ornamental lions , ornate curtains and a candelabra . this quaint gypsy-style caravan has gone for the light and airy touch , with some bright furnishings inside . with a jukebox , fridge , popcorn maker and bar ... the owner of this shed never needs to go back into their main home . this she shed owner has gone for the olde english garden touch with their thatched rood and union jack bunting . this pagoda-style shed has taken inspiration from the orient . this kooky garden shed appears to have taken inspiration from joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat . this shed has more soft furnishings in it than a lot of living rooms in proper houses . this shed has brought a splash of arabian colour to an english back garden .