malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine . when award-winning bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant walked into a clinic one afternoon to have a yellow fever vaccine , he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache . yet within 24 hours of having the jab , in april 2011 , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down . then the psychosis began . a shooting star , glimpsed from the balcony of his home , convinced malcolm - who had no previous history of mental illness - that he was a modern-day messiah . ' i went completely bonkers , ' he says today . ' the vaccine fried my brain . ' malcolm , 59 , who had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the ivory coast , believed his kindle could fly , that dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it . he spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work - and even attempted suicide . fortunately , he has since made a full recovery . but malcolm believes the yellow fever vaccine - available in high street vaccination clinics , gp surgeries and even boots - could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought . since its invention in 1951 , more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given . anyone travelling to parts of africa or south america is advised to have it . yellow fever is a serious viral infection spread by mosquito bites . symptoms include fever , chills , loss of appetite and nausea . while many people recover after five or six days , 15 per cent enter a second , toxic phase , with recurring fever , abdominal pain , and jaundice due to liver damage . they may also start vomiting blood . this toxic phase is fatal in about 20 per cent of cases . clearly a dangerous illness , there is no doubt vaccination can be life-saving . but malcolm and others who say they have been adversely affected by the jab want the manufacturer to investigate . malcolm , who for many years was the beeb 's man in greece , had the jab in a clinic in athens , where his family was living . next morning , his new wife trine , found him downstairs , shivering and sweating , his face beetroot red . ' i was beside myself with worry , ' says trine , 55 , an author and journalist . ' it was n't just the fever but the change in character . he became irrational , then emotional - crying . ' when his fever showed no signs of relenting after five days , trine took malcolm to hospital . the doctors , who also discovered through blood tests that malcolm had suffered recent liver damage , told him they believed he 'd had an adverse reaction to the vaccine . he believes the yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects . they managed to lower his temperature . but his mental problems were only just beginning . formerly agnostic , malcolm became convinced he was jesus , and two weeks after being admitted to hospital he was moved to a mental hospital and given anti-psychotic medication . it was a harrowing time for trine . ' one day i visited him in hospital and he stripped off his clothes and asked me to turn the sheet into a nappy and put it on him so everyone could see he was jesus , ' she says . ' doctors had told me not to upset him , just to do what he asked , so i did it . it was heartbreaking . ' after three weeks , malcolm was discharged in may 2011 , and seemed to be recovering , so went back to work . but within weeks he deteriorated again . malcolm developed full-blown psychosis , and over the following months moved between psychiatric hospitals in different countries - in the uk , greece , and eventually with money running out , in trine 's native copenhagen . on one occasion he attempted to take his own life . happily , malcolm was well enough to be discharged from hospital in july 2012 and has since made a full recovery . he is now pursuing the manufacturers of the vaccine , sanofi pasteur , to admit liability for what happened to him . as trine explains : ' every doctor we dealt with said they thought he 'd suffered an adverse reaction to the vaccine . since may 2011 i have been back to sanofi pasteur many times , but they are refusing to do anything or even meet us . ' malcolm is not the only person who believes they have had an adverse reaction to the drug . he is in touch with 12 others who believe they , too , have suffered grave side-effects . the nhs says that up to three in ten people who are immunised with the yellow fever vaccine suffer a mild headache , muscle aches , mild fever or soreness at the injection site - and that these symptoms occur because your immune system is trying to fight the small dose of yellow fever you have been injected with . these symptoms may last for up to 14 days after the injection . it 's thought that far fewer people , four in a million , suffer more serious psychotic or neurological reactions , mainly unconnected to the symptoms of yellow fever itself . one of those is former royal naval commander graham beard , who is convinced the jab , which he had in july 1999 , ruined his health . he still suffers bizarre attacks , with loss of vision , hearing impairment , vertigo and headaches ( posed by model ) . a fortnight after being given the injection , graham , now 56 , experienced terrible pains down his left side . he spent three weeks in watford general hospital and another three in the national hospital for neurology and neurosurgery in queens square , london . ' no diagnosis was made , except that i had suffered a major neurological illness , ' says graham , a father-of-two from wales . after three months at home convalescing , graham - who had also been unable to move - finally got movement back in his limbs and the pain disappeared . but then began a series of debilitating attacks which continue to this day . ' while now controlled by epilepsy medication , i still suffer bizarre attacks , with loss of vision , hearing impairment , vertigo and headaches , which occur sometimes daily or with gaps of several days or weeks , ' he says . ' the most i have ever had is 19 in a single day . the stress and exhaustion from these attacks essentially stopped my career . i managed to hang on for ten years , but by 2010 , after 32 years in the navy , i realised i was n't being fair on the team . ' having struggled to accommodate the condition , while taking a staggering succession of medications and having constant tests , it finally beat me and i had to walk away from the career i loved . ' graham always mentioned to specialists that his symptoms seemed to have begun after he had the yellow fever jab and , consequently , he has been advised by medical professionals it 's likely that a vaccine caused the problem . but it was only after hearing about other cases such as malcolm 's that he decided to speak out . ' surely the company that makes the vaccine has a moral duty to review it to see if it should be modified or replaced , ' says graham . as long ago as 2005 , dr thomas monath , a former harvard public health professor and world expert on yellow fever , confirmed that the vaccine can cause ' really severe and significant adverse events ' . he told good health : ' while we should not overlook the 60 years of wide use of yellow fever vaccine , with a remarkable record of safety and effective prevention of this terrible disease , rare and unusual adverse events temporally associated with vaccination may occur . some of these , such as the neuropsychiatric syndromes described in mr brabant 's case , may not be acknowledged as causally related in the official literature . ' the manufacturer , however , does not believe it needs to reassess the vaccine . in 2013 dr ronald neeleman , head of vaccination innovation at sanofi pasteur , admitted to a conference that the vaccine had n't been reviewed in many years , saying it serves ' a small market , with very low returns , and there is not really an incentive to redevelop ' . a spokesman told good health that the company takes reports of adverse events ' very seriously ' and ensures they are investigated promptly , but ' after carefully examining all the medical information that has been disclosed to us up to april 2013 , we have been unable to establish any evidence for a causal relationship between the administration of the yellow fever vaccine stamaril and mr brabant 's reported medical condition . ' the current state of scientific knowledge does not support that these reported symptoms could be biologically plausibly linked to the natural history of the disease , nor the mode of action of the vaccine . ' similarly , the observation of an event after vaccination does not automatically mean that vaccination has caused this event . ' malcolm , who has written a book , malcolm is a little unwell , wo n't be satisfied until the experiences of people like him are acknowledged in official literature about the vaccine and he has been offered compensation . ' the vaccine almost destroyed me , ' malcolm says . ' i want justice for my family , and the hundreds of others whose lives have been ruined . '