this is the shocking moment a single mother was caught on a hidden camera stealing money from the wallet of her boyfriend’s frail 89-year old grandfather . hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a cctv device was put in the room by his daughter angela wrenn . ms wrenn , 56 , had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing , but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative - and the mother to mr tanner’s great-grandchildren . while adams admitted to taking about £65 , north devon magistrates ' court was told that the victim 's relatives suspected the amount stolen in one year was closer to thousands of pounds . caught : hayley adams ( above ) , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a cctv device was put in the room by his daughter angela wrenn . the videos were handed to police and have now led to adams being convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order , restraining order and a total fine of £175 . mr tanner told the court he was left feeling violated and vulnerable after adams stole money during several visits to his house in barnstaple . karen ball , prosecuting , said the victim noticed money going missing from his wallet and thought at first he was being forgetful . she said he lived with his daughter ms wrenn who then became suspicious about adams’s behaviour - so secretly installed the cctv . adams visited frequently and was overheard telling friends she had no money to go out with them , before she suddenly acquired some . the hidden camera instantly started picking up the offences . mrs ball said adams had been in a relationship with mr tanner’s grandson - with whom she has two children - when the thefts took place . the couple have since separated . seen on cctv : the videos were handed to police and have now led to adams being convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order , restraining order and a total fine of £175 . in a victim impact statement , mr tanner said : ‘ i have been violated . i am feeling very vulnerable and am constantly on my guard . i can’t trust anybody and it feels like i have had my personal space violated . ‘ my room does not feel the same anymore . i have been feeling safer since she has not been allowed in the house . i think it is just knowing that she can’t get to me . ’ mrs ball claimed the victim’s family suspected thousands of pounds were taken in 12 months , but the exact amount was unknown . tony dart , defending adams , said the idea that thousands was stolen was ‘absurd’ and adams admitted to taking around £65 . mr dart said : ‘ she is disappointed in herself . the offences took place when she was desperate for money . she is a single mother . she accepts her behaviour was reprehensible . ’ magistrates handed adams a restraining order , banning her from attending the victim’s address or contacting him - and ordered her to pay him £65 compensation . she was also handed a six-month community order , with six months supervision , and told to attend an engage women programme . she was fined £50 and ordered to pay a £60 victim surcharge .