canadian actor jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage . he was 48 ears old . anne of green gables actor jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48 . the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels . toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york , his sister carrie crombie told cbc on saturday . ' he was funny , he was sweet , he loved acting , he loved comedy and singing and dancing . as a little kid , he just loved broadway shows and all of that kind of stuff and would sing and dance in the living room , ' carrie crombie said . she said that her brother was always proud of playing gilbert , the school rival , boyfriend and eventual husband of the leading heroine in anne of green gables . he really enjoyed the series , she said , adding that he was ' very proud of it ' . crombie , who was the son for former toronto mayor and canadian cabinet minister david crombie , was never screen-tested for the show . he was discovered at 17 when he was performing in a high-school production of the wizard of oz , according to e ! . ' we met him and he was cast . it was a perfect storm . ... it just all worked perfectly , ' green gables producer kevin sullivan told cbc . he continued : ' i think for legions of young women around the world who fell in love with the anne of green gables films , jonathan literally represented the quintessential boy next door . crombie was best known for his role as gilbertblythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels . he was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz . he was given the role of gilbert - who was the school rival , boyfriend and eventual husband of green gables ' leading heroine - without being screen-tested for the role . ' i think there will be hundreds of people who will be floored that this has happened . it 's such a devastating tragedy . ' in reality , jonathan was as generous , as kind , as sensitive and as ambitious , in some ways , as the character he came to be identified with . ' carrie crombie said that her brother 's proudest moment , however , was what came after green gables . ' [ but ] i think his proudest part was when he played the lead in the drowsy chaperone on broadway . that was just an amazing thing for him to be able to do , ' she said . crombie 's organs were donated , and his family plans to take his ashed back to toronto by bus , because that 's how the actor liked to travel . ' we felt that it was an ode to jonathan . he would never go on a plane , so we 're going to make the trek from new york to toronto on a bus with his ashes , ' carrie crombie told cbc . crombie , pictured here at seven years old , was the son of former toronto mayor and canadian cabinet minister david crombie ( right ) . after anne of green gables , crombie went on to star in a broadway production of the drowsy chaperone .