serena williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015 . she heads into saturday 's final of the miami open with a 17-0 record , and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited spaniard carla suarez navarro . the somewhat scary thing about williams is that , by her own admission , she is not even playing her best , and yet she is still ahead of the rest of the field by a country mile . serena williams celebrates after reaching the miami open final to continue her unbeaten run in 2015 . williams was taken the distance by world no 2 simona halep in the semi finals in florida . the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable . the younger of the two famous siblings currently has sore knees that are restricting her practice , and she was forced into a mighty struggle in the semi-final by world no 3 simona halep before coming through 6-2 4-6 7-5 . at least the romanian , the wta tour 's second best player this season , was able to lay a glove on the world no 1 . every other challenger seems to be struggling in their own way and , while there is no questioning the phenomenal and enduring quality of williams , it also says something about the rest of the field that she will probably head into the clay court season unbeaten . 1 if she wins on saturday she will have earned £4.33m in prize-money already this season . 2 she has actually lost this season , to agnieszka radwanska in january ' s hopman cup , but the event 's status means it does not count in the official records . 3 straight after the australian open , serena flew all the way to argentina to play one match for the usa in the fed cup — which she needed to do to be eligible for next year 's olympic games in rio ( she beat maria irigoyen 7-5 , 6-0 ) . 4 serena has lost only five sets on tour this season , two at the australian open , one in indian wells , and two in miami . 5 the player who has won most matches this season is simona halep on 26 , but she has also lost twice . ' somehow i 've improvised my way to the final , ' said williams , who could have finished halep off in straight sets . ' i 'm just not at my best level right now and it 's a little frustrating . i am not serving well , i 'm serving at 40 % , so it has n't been my best of times . ' and yet still she keeps winning , with no sign of the implosions that cost her at the grand slams last year apart from the us open . last year was an unusual one for women 's tennis in that eight different players reached the finals of the majors , but those who shared the biggest stages with williams have , with the exception of halep , failed to train on that much . in some cases it has been a trying season that has shown again how emotionally and physically taxing it is right at the top of the women 's game . the youngest of tennis ' most successful siblings drops to her knees after winning the australian open . williams has won the last two grand slams at the us open ( left ) and in melbourne ( right ) . wiliams was forced to withdraw ahead of the semi finals at indian wells , the only blemish to her 2015 showings . the 33-year-old was presented with a celebratory cake in miami after winning her 700th career match . the exceptionally talented wimbledon champion petra kvitova has actually sat out the last two significant events , here and at indian wells , with exhaustion . happily it appears likely that she will be returning for the clay court season . eugenie bouchard faces the intimidating task of backing up her remarkable breakthrough year of 2014 that few expected , and made a good start at the australian open by making the quarter final . yet she was in tears at indian wells as she lost to world no 85 lesia tsurenko and afterwards admitted she needed to relax more . in miami she lost her opening match to germany 's tatjana maria , the world no 113 who is the highest ranked mother on the tour . america 's madison keys , universally tipped as a future grand slam champion , was another one who struggled to contain her emotions here when she went out to sloane stephens . of last year 's other grand slam champions li na has retired while maria sharapova has yet to build on the strong start that she had in australia . the world no 2 lost her opening match in miami to russian wildcard daria gavrilova and it is , in any event , difficult to build up any rivalry between her and williams as she has lost against her the last sixteen times they have played . spain 's carla suarez navarro is unlikely to provide much resistance against williams in saturday 's final . halep is closest to challenging williams ' dominance while maria sharapova needs to push on after a good start . golden girl eugenie bouchard is a possible contender to challenge williams after breaking through last year . america 's madison keys , universally tipped as a future grand slam champion , was another one who struggled to contain her emotions here when she went out to sloane stephens . of last year 's other grand slam champions , li na has retired while maria sharapova has yet to build on the strong start that she had in australia . romania 's halep , a relatively late developer whose game is based on her supremely athletic movement , right now looks the biggest threat to williams , and she might well be the best long-term bet for the french open . 