ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension . the 27-year-old wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october . ' i thought he looked a bit serious , he 's not done anything for six months , ' wane said . ' i was a bit apprehensive for him but i thought he played really well - he belted a few people - and he led the song in the dressing room . wigan warriors forward ben flower takes on warrington's micky higham ( left ) and roy asotasi . ' it 's good to have him back . he 's been vilified in the press but he 's a really nice bloke . ' the return of flower dominated the build-up to the super league derby while the half-time announcement that sam tomkins is returning to the club on a four-year contract made it a night to remember for wane . ' everything is great , ' wane said . ' it 's fantastic getting these players back . we should be very proud . it 's a great coup for us , it just shows we do some things right . ' on the field , winger dom manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days as the warriors three times came from behind to secure a fourth win in five matches to consolidate third place in the table . ryan hampshire , anthony gelling and liam farrell also touched down while centre chris bridge scored two tries for the visitors , who had led 10-0 after 10 minutes . flower struggles to control the ball as warrington forward ben currie lines him up the for hit . ' it was a bit of tick and pass at times , which is disappointing , but i thought our attack was good , ' wane said . ' we gifted them a couple of tries with poor one-on-one misses but it was win at all costs for us and we got the win . ' competition is driving up the skill levels and we 're going to get better . we are going to put a real complete performance in soon . ' the defeat leaves warrington outside the top four but coach tony smith was encouraged by his side 's performance . ' it was a great effort by both teams and another great game , ' he said . ' we produce some of the best games between us but , at the moment , we 're coming out on the wrong side of them . ' i think both coaches will be looking for some improvement in defence but some special rugby league was played . sometimes you 've just got to go ' wow ' , it 's pretty hard to stop if they are going to go to those lengths to score tries . dom manfredi crosses for a wigan try despite the attention of toby king . ' the start of the second half really hurt us , it sapped our energy when they were throwing the ball around like a basketball . ' the second half was n't great for us but we 're heading in the right sort of directions . it takes good performances to beat us . we 're much better than a few weeks ago . ' smith had mixed views on the performance of 19-year-old declan patton , who was making only his second appearance in super league . ' his kicking game was sensational and i love it when he 's running with the ball but he got ragged around defensively at times , ' he said . ' there are some aspects of his game he needs to step up . he learned some harsh lessons there tonight but he 's a good kid and will take things in his stride . ' 