chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for english football’s hottest property raheem sterling . chelsea have made discreet overtures about sterling , despite liverpool manager brendan rodgers insisting on thursday that his 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is ‘ quite flattered’ by interest from arsenal . it has led to suspicions that sterling , who was raised in london and came through the youth system at qpr , is agitating for a return to the capital . premier league leaders chelsea are poised to join the battle for liverpool wideman raheem sterling . however , liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists the 20-year-old star is ' going nowhere ' this summer . sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract . now chelsea want to be kept informed about the forward’s future as they join the hunt with arsenal and manchester city . but rodgers said : ‘he’s got two-and-a-half years to go on his deal and he’s not going anywhere in the summer . i can not speak for the owners but i have a good idea of what they would do . i know them well enough and for me it would not happen . liverpool are one of the superpowers of football and the owners have made it clear that money doesn’t come into it . if the club doesn’t want to sell , it won’t sell , it’s as simple as that . money has never been the objective for the club . ‘ whatever player — raheem or anybody — it would always be on the terms of the club . ‘ he still has two-and-a- bit years left of his deal so it’s not something we’re overly concerned about . i’m confident that at the end of the season we’ll find the solution . ’ sterling shares a joke with liverpool striker daniel sturridge during liverpool 's training session on thursday . city and chelsea have the money to lure sterling should he be allowed to leave anfield . sportsmail understands arsenal’s interest is also serious . doubts over arsenal’s ability to fund a move for sterling have seen their interest questioned , but they are confident they have the financial firepower to compete for him . in addition to the english trio , sterling is also attracting interest from europe — with real madrid and bayern munich monitoring developments . however , rodgers reminded sterling that it was liverpool who made him the player he is today , saying he should be ‘honoured’ to represent the club . he refused to say whether the player will face disciplinary action after admitting the club had been caught off guard by the interview . rodgers reminded england international sterling it is liverpool who have made him the player he is today . ‘ there was no permission by the club , it was something that surprised us all , ’ added rodgers . ‘it’s part of the modern game . people who look after players and represent them have different ways of working . i’ve seen that over the years . ‘ the last time we sat down it was the intention of the player and his representatives , and also the club , to put ( contract talks ) on hold . obviously , raheem has come out and made his feelings clear on that and hopefully now the focus will be on the football . ‘he’s a young player who is still learning and developing on and off the field . sometimes you make mistakes as a youngster . ‘ our relationship is strong , which is important . he knows i’m working in the best interests of the club and for him . ’