she typically commands attention . but on tuesday , kim kardashian was cropped out of a photo for what may be the first time ever . the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , on monday . following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ' to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city . ' however , the next day , only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site , hakikar . kim , meanwhile , was obscured by a copy of the $ 692 bill . scroll down for video . cropped out : on tuesday , kim kardashian was removed from this photo of her dining at a non-kosher venue with her husband , kanye west , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat , by the ultra-orthodox news site , hakikar . original : in the original photo ( pictured ) , posted to mr barkat 's twitter feed , kim can be seen chatting with the mayor and kanye . however , in the altered pictured , her face and body were obscured by a copy of the $ 692 bill . and in another photo , the keeping up with the kardashians star - who was captured sitting at the dinner table , with one hand touching her glossy brunette locks - was reportedly blurred out , the article itself - which condemned mr barkat for dining at a non-kosher venue and for the pricey bill ( including tip ) - referred to kim as ' the wife ' of singer kanye , the washington post reported . ultra-conservative jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature - and have cropped other famous females out of photos in the past . kim and kanye were visiting the israeli capital on monday with their 22-month-old daughter , north , and kim 's sister , khloe , in order to baptize their little girl at the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion . although they were perhaps not portrayed favorably in the hakikar article - which was headlined ' barkat hosts famous couple in non-kosher restaurant ' - not all of the press shared the same view . other photographers enthusiastically followed reality tv 's first family as they visited jerusalem 's old city - the reputed location of jesus 's death - to go to the armenian church , st james cathedral . blurred out : in another photo ( pictured ) , the keeping up with the kardashians star - who was captured sitting at the dinner table in jerusalem . with one hand touching her glossy brunette locks - was reportedly blurred out . celebratory meal : the article itself - which condemned mr barkat for dining at a non-kosher venue and for the pricey bill ( including tip ) - referred to kim as ' the wife ' of singer kanye . above , mr barkat 's initial tweet . clearly overwhelmed and honored by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building , revealing the family had had an early start to visit the site . ' good morning jerusalem ! we woke up really early to see the site where the crucifixion of jesus christ took place , ' she wrote . the image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church . a second shot posted on the star 's instagram page showed herself and kanye crouching under the statue of jesus christ on the crucifix . but as it was heavily filtered , the couple were hard to see . the centuries-old church in the holy land was the location of choice for the kardashian-wests for the baptism of their toddler daughter . and as they approached the building , they fended off fans . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official who appeared slightly perplexed by all the commotion over the high-profile couple , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . baptisim : kim and kanye were visiting the israeli capital on monday with their 22-month-old daughter , north ( seen with kim ) , and kim 's sister , khloe , in order to baptize their girl at the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion . interior : clearly overwhelmed and honored by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building ( pictured ) , revealing the family had had an early start to visit the site . heavily filetered : one shot ( pictured ) posted on the star 's instagram page showed her and kanye crouching under the statue of jesus christ on the crucifix . but as it was heavily filtered , the couple were hard to see . ' kim kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a christian officially and a member of the armenian church , ' shirvanian said , adding : ' all i know is that she 's a famous personality . ' a source told e ! that khloe , who attended the ceremony in sneakers and ripped jeans , is north 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather ( which is an option where there is n't one ) . the insider described the ceremony as ' so special ' . north was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . kim opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals . afterwards , the family dined with mr barkat at mona restaurant . members of the family had touched down monday in the holy land via private jet for what was described as a private two-day visit . hakikar 's decision to obscure kim is not the first in the world of ultra-orthodox newspapers . holy trip : kim and her husband , who is holding north , walk inside armenian st james cathedral in jerusalem . ceremony : the centuries-old church in the holy land was the location of choice for the kardashian-wests for the baptism of their toddler daughter . and as they approached the building , they fended off fans . famous : the family walk on the grounds of the cathedral of saint james in jerusalem 's old city on monday . in january , israel 's the announcer digitally removed female politicians from an iconic image of world leaders marching through paris following the charlie hebdo terror attack , the post noted . the newspaper cropped the front-page picture to exclude danish prime minster , helle thorning-shmidt - and airburshed out german chancellor angela merkel and paris mayor anne hidalgo . at the time , it was reported that the women were likely removed from the historic image , taken on january 11 , so the newspaper would not offend its highly devout orthodox readers . swiss president , simonetta sommaru , was left as a blur behind a crowd of faces , while the eu 's foreign affairs and security chief , frederica mogherini , was left out entirely . the women were among 40 world leaders who lined arms with their male counterparts to lead a million people through paris , in a statement of international solidarity following the massacre . another ' controversial ' photo : hakikar 's decision to obscure kim is not the first in the world of ultra-orthodox newspapers.in january , israel 's the announcer digitally removed female politicians from an iconic image of world leaders marching through paris , following the charlie hebdo terror attack . above , the original photo . altered : the newspaper cropped the front-page ( above ) picture to exclude danish prime minster , helle thorning-shmidt - and airburshed out german chancellor angela merkel and paris mayor anne hidalgo . 