going to any major sporting event these days is a pricey affair . there’s the cost of the ticket , getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs . that’s not to mention keeping fed and watered all day . but it seems patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price . you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $ 3 — which is about £2.05 . the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters . shot of the day . lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second . after a perfect tee shot , he pinged a fairway wood 280 yards onto the green . it trickled towards the hole and looked to be heading in for an albatross , but it lipped out at the last moment . it was a high point for westwood , though , who then made five bogeys in his next nine holes . new practice routine padraig ? padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique . the irishman was spotted on the driving range at augusta with a rubber band wrapped around his knees and standing well away from the ball ( 1 ) . he then takes a run-up at the ball ( 2 ) , not dissimilar to that of happy gilmore — a character from a comedy film whose own run-up technique would see him regularly drive the ball more than 400 yards . harrington’s might not travel quite as far , but the drill obviously helps him keep his form and balance nicely ( 3 ) . gary 's still a player . at 79 , and with a career grand slam behind him , you might forgive gary player for putting his feet up . but the south african is fit as a flea . after joining jack nicklaus and arnold palmer as an honorary starter , he tweeted : time for a texas takeover ? jordan spieth has been the star and if the dallas native wins from here , he would claim texas’s 13th green jacket , more than any other us state . same old for sergio . after a 68 on day one , a 74 in his second round was a disappointment for sergio garcia . he tweeted : lost and found . tiger woods might have lost a touch of his genius in recent years , but he won’t be losing his putter any time soon — he has his name inscribed on it . and his precise practice sessions were clearly paying off as he finished with a 69 , a four-shot improvement on round one . tiger woods has his name inscribed on his putter and will hope it brings him luck going into the weekend . 1.39 . despite his best efforts , woods could not match the white-hot putting of jordan spieth . the 21-year-old has averaged 1.39 putts per hole , the best in the field . 