nhs bosses have today come under fire after it emerged a hospital paid a temporary nurse £2,200 to cover a single 12-hour shift . the figure , which equates to £183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust . it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request . it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year . the trust , which runs the royal shrewsbury hospital and the princess royal hospital in telford , has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money . the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid £2,200 to a temporary nurse for one 12-hour shift to help amid a shortage of trained nurses , a freedom of information request revealed ( file picture ) . jonathan isaby , chief executive of the taxpayers ' alliance , said : ' taxpayers will be aghast at the cost of just one shift . ' agency nurses are far more expensive than their regular counterparts and we have to minimise the number used . ' you ca n't open a newspaper without hearing how tight finances are in the nhs , but the service has to become far more efficient with the money it already has . ' edmund stubbs , from independent think tank civitas , added : ' it is evident that a lack of staff is leading to excessive spending on agency staff , locums and overseas recruitment . ' a spokesman for the trust said the £2,200 figure includes vat , adding that the true figure paid to the nurse , including travel expenses , was £1,864 . the shift covered was one in specialist intensive therapy unit on a bank holiday . defending their spending , sarah bloomfield , director of nursing at shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust , said temporary staff had to be used to cover a shortfall in trained nurses . she highlighted their situation is one shared by many hospitals across the uk . she added : ' we have said consistently that we want to recruit more nurses to reduce our reliance on agency and temporary staff and this has been widely publicised with a number of recruitment events taking place recently to attract new staff . ' we have recruited , or made offers to , more than 150 staff nurses and health care assistants in recent months as part of our efforts to recruit more nursing staff to support our wards and departments . defending the spend sarah bloomfield , director of nursing at the trust , said temporary staff had to be used to cover a shortfall in trained nurses . she said in recent months the hospitals have recruited more than 150 nurses and healthcare assistants . ' these new recruits have included a number who have been offered positions through a successful nursing recruitment event at the royal shrewsbury hospital just last week , which we will repeat again on thursday . 'we’ll continue our efforts to ensure that over the coming months we will see fewer agency nurses on our wards as our new starters get settled in , which will mean better continuity of care and more support for ward teams . ' figures obtained by the nursing and midwifery council also revealed nearly a third of nursing recruits in the uk had to be sought abroad last year . nhs spending on temporary staff has rocketed to a staggering £2.5 billion a year because of a chronic shortage of british nurses . the number of foreign nurses and midwives registered in the past 12 months grew to 8,200 , up from just 6,200 a year earlier . around 7,500 came from the eu - particularly spain , italy and portugal - with others came from further afield , including the philippines . it also emerged that 29 per cent of new nurses were recruited from abroad in the past 12 months , compared to 11 per cent five years ago . 