a swimming pool on the banks of the thames is one step closer to becoming a reality following lobbying by celebrity backers - with david walliams saying he will be the first to take a dip . in two years the thames bath lido , which will sit near blackfriars bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist tracy emin and david walliams . in two years the thames bath lido , which will sit near blackfriars bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . floated in 2013 the original idea was conceived by three londoners who dreamt of bringing the beautiful lakes of zurich to the capital . james lowe ( left ) , chris romer-lee ( centre ) and matt bamford-bowes ( right ) originally thought up the thames lido . walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in . the little britain star has been a vocal champion of open-water swimming since he crossed the english channel unaided for charity in 2006 . he also did a 140-mile charity swim of the thames in 2011 . tracy emin said she could n't believe how underused the thames is adding ' if you could swim in the thames , it 'd be incredible ' . professional bodies such as the royal academy of arts , new london architecture and many others have also pledged their support for the scheme . the plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool . the baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around . founder of the kickstarter campaign to launch the lido , chris romer-lee said ' ever since we first sketched out the original concept for thames baths , we have always wanted to build something that benefited the community and allowed them to participate in its creation . ' the latter is one of the reasons why we are launching crowdfunding on kickstarter . we want londoners , swimmers and anyone passionate about urban waterways to show their support for this project and what better way than a very public campaign . ' david walliams , here pictured swimming the thames in 2011 , has said he will be the first to jump in the new pool . the plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool . the baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around . the two year plan will include a sophisticated filtration system that would turn the fuel drenched thames into crystal clear water for anyone swimming in the lido . floated in 2013 the original idea was conceived by three londoners who dreamt of bringing the beautiful lakes of zurich to the capital . the original plan was to create a lido that was n't just for swimmers , but one that would benefit the local community while also creating a haven for wildlife . the two year plan will include a sophisticated filtration system that would turn the fuel drenched thames into crystal clear water for anyone swimming in the lido . the local community is set to be a part of the vision of the project too . the facility will be run as a social enterprise rather than a company dictated by profit . a public space created for the people that use it . thames baths , the community interest company behind the scheme , is hoping to promote the use of the new lido to local schools and the elderly . the crowdfunding scheme is hoping to raise a total of £125,000 within 30 days and a donation of £50 will entitle members to 12 swims . pledging £5,000 will give investors a year 's access to the lido and an opportunity to overview the development project . to donate to the thames bath lido , click here . thames baths , the community interest company behind the scheme , is hoping to promote the use of the new lido to local schools and the elderly .