an aspiring country singer from west virginia has become a viral sensation after he posted a video of himself online singing to his uncle who has down syndrome . travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline . ' he is a big part in my life and i do n't know what i would do without him . he 's one of the sweetest people i have ever met , ' wrote travis on his facebook page . sweet serenade : travis hatfield sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome . the video went viral onine . ' just wanted everyone to see what our weekends together consist of ! ' he continued . the video of the two of them playing music together and singing he stopped loving her today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far . ' when i made the video it was made just to be sent to friends because everybody loves him . i just wanted them to see him happy and singing a little bit . ' said travis . in the video , travis sings and his uncle chimes in with occasional lines as he recognizes parts of the song . family fun : the pair sing together at least once a week . uncle jamie lives with travis after his parets died a few years ago . at one stage the pair belt out the song with such passion , they are both in tune . ' he is the inspiration , ' hatfield told wowk radio . ' his love for music is probably stronger than mine , honestly . every day he is blasting his radio out . ' going up in west virginia , travis says he was surrounded by country music and knew he wanted to be a singer from about the age of six . travis and jamie team up to hit the high notes at least once a week during which time the duo can sing anything from george jones , to jason aldean , to brantley gilbert . uncle jamie has lived with travis for more than a decade since his uncle 's parents died . ambition : travis says he had long dreamed of becoming a country singer and is now receiving offers from nasville . travis says he is now finding that because of the popularity of the video , he has fans all over the country and has even taken calls from nashville record labels . he vows that if all goes well he will be auditioning for the voice for the 2016 season . he is currently working on a cd that consists of 12 original songs and hopes to release his music soon . the budding performer says he also hopes to take a trip to tennessee and visit music city usa before long to hopefully secure a record deal his family can be proud of .