louis van gaal couldn’t let the moment pass . manchester united had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season and the dutchman wanted to crank up the pressure . a comfortable victory over aston villa , inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney’s magnificent strike , had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 23 , 2013 . when you think on january 10 this year the gap between the two clubs was 10 points , the turnaround has been remarkable . but now , as they head into their latest local squabble , there is mounting confidence around old trafford that united will not surrender their position . louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and united . manchester united picked up all three points at the weekend by beating aston villa 3-1 at old trafford . van gaal believes manchester city 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot . manchester united ( 4-3-3 ) : de gea 6 ; valencia 7 , jones 7 , rojo 7 , blind 7 : herrera 8.5 , carrick 7 , fellaini 6.5 ( falcao 77mins ) : mata 7.5 , rooney 8 , young 6.5 ( di maria 70 . 6.5 ) subs not used : valdes , rafael , januzaj , mcnair , pereira . scorers : herrera 43 , 90 , rooney 79 . aston villa ( 4-4-2 ) : guzan 7 : hutton 5.5 ( bacuna 46 , 5 ) , okore 5.5 , clark 5.5 , lowton 5 : n’zogbia 5 ( baker 61 , 5 ) , sanchez 6 , delph 6 , weimann 5 ( cole 77 ) : benteke 6.5 , agbonlahor 5 . subs not used : given , vlaar , gil , grealish . booked : delph . scorer : benteke 80 . man of the match : ander herrera . referee : roger east 6 . is it feasible for city to finish fourth ? they face crystal palace on monday evening and van gaal believes dropping down two positions will creep into the psychology of manuel pellegrini’s squad . even if city win at selhurst park , how will they handle the furnace that awaits this sunday ? ‘ it plays a part in the spirit of the players — of our opponents but also our players , ’ said van gaal . ‘ we have more confidence now and when ( if ) they lose a point against crystal palace , then it is also sitting in their minds . ‘ i don’t know the individual players of manchester city so well , so i can not judge them . but we have a lot of confidence and we haven’t lost so many times at home . the next game is going to be the decisive game . ’ van gaal is aware recent history spells doom for united . they have lost seven of the last nine manchester derbies , including each of the last four . remarkably , they have not beaten city at home since rooney scored that breath-taking bicycle kick in february 2011 . city , few would dispute , have the better squad but , regardless of what happens in south london , will they be able to hold united’s momentum ? can they match their spirit ? big games are bringing the best out of van gaal’s men and they are clearly relishing the opportunity that awaits . manchester united have not beaten city at old trafford since wayne rooney 's wonder goal in february 2011 . manchester city striker sergio aguero scored in his side 's 1-0 win over united back in november . rooney likes playing against villa — this was his 13th career goal against them . newcastle ( 12 ) are his second favourite opponents . man united lead rivals man city by one point . ‘ it was another manchester united , i believe , ’ said van gaal , when asked how he reflected on the 1-0 defeat he suffered at the etihad stadium in november . ‘ we have developed the team . that was more in the start of the process and now we are in the end of the process . ‘ so i think also the confidence of our players is very high at the moment but also our performances shows that so it’s not the same manchester united . it’s like the game against liverpool and the game ( coming up ) against chelsea — you have to win these kinds of matches . ’ with liverpool’s defeat by arsenal effectively ending the doubt over which sides will finish in the top four , it now becomes a question of what order chelsea , arsenal and the two manchester clubs will be after the final games have been played . united’s run-in is laced with demanding assignments — aside from city , they must go to stamford bridge on april 18 , face a trip to goodison park the following week and host arsenal on may 16 — but they have an aura once more . manchester united defender chris smalling saw red during the premier league clash at the etihad stadium . man united vs man city - april 12 . chelsea vs man united - april 18 . everton vs man united - april 26 . man united vs west brom - may 2 . crystal palace vs man united - may 9 . man united vs arsenal - may 17 . hull vs man united - may 24 . crystal palace vs man city - april 6 . man united vs man city - april 12 . man city vs west ham - april 19 . man city vs aston villa - april 25 . tottenham vs man city - may 3 . man city vs qpr - may 10 . swansea vs man city - may 17 . man city vs southampton - may 24 . villa , stymied by injury problems that tim sherwood described as ‘crippling’ , simply couldn’t cope once they went conceded in the 43rd minute and the manager , who was noticeably glum afterwards , can at least take solace from the fact queens park rangers will not offer the same threat on tuesday . ‘ we know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , it’s going to be a great game , ’ said ashley young , who admitted he was ‘disappointed’ to not be selected for the last round of england games . ‘ hopefully we will get the three points . of course it would be nice but we are just taking each game as it comes . ’ there was never any hint they would slip up here , bossing the first half and then going through the gears after a slow period after the break to swat villa aside . herrara , with his slick passing and industry , was terrific . rooney’s 14th strike of the campaign , meanwhile , was sensational . ‘ it 's about momentum , especially when you are going into this vital stage of the season , ’ young added . ‘ united teams always come strong at this stage and we are showing in every game just how strong we can be – and even how we finish the game . we will enjoy this but it is all about next week . ’ ashley young ( left , pictured with herrera ) believes his side are building momentum ahead of the derby .  