an american doctor climbing everest when the devastating earthquake hit has described the heartbreaking moment her mountain guide died before her eyes , ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck , sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people . four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster on saturday . scroll down for video . american doctor ellen gallant was on everest when the devastating earthquake struck . the tremors sparked a huge avalance killing 18 people , with ms gallant and another doctor desperately trying to save those injured . an experienced climber , dr gallant ( left ) had been training for 10 years to climb everest . she helped tend to survivors and those gravely injured before rescue helicopters arrived to get people off the mountainside . survivor dr gallant said she and an indian doctor rushed to help the injured in difficult conditions following the avalanche , including the gravely-ill sherpa , but said there was nothing they could do to save his life . ' i was outside , saw this huge blast coming down ' , she told abc news . ' i ran into the tent , threw myself on the floor . when the vibration stopped , i went out and radioed over to the medical tent . ' they asked me and an indian climber ( a doctor in the indian army ) to take care of head injuries . ' we worked through the night , doing rounds , handing out medication , putting in ivs . ' of the nine patients , one of them died last night — a 25-year-old sherpa . his blood pressure had fallen . there was nothing we could do . ' dr gallant said they knew their lives were saved when they heard the sound of rescue helicopters landing on the mountainside , but now she is struggling to come to terms with what has happened . a critically injured person is carried on a stretcher out of everest base camp following the avalanche . dr gallant said despite trying everything she watched a 25-year-old sherpa die from his injuries on the mountain . the avalanche on everest , pictured , killed 18 people including four americans who were buried under the snow . up to 100 us citizens are still missing following the disaster and at least 3,300 people were killed . injured survivors from the avalanche waiting to be rescued . dr gallant said she is still dealing with the trauma of watching one young sherpa died , saying : ' now things have settled down , it 's hit me hard ' . ' around 6am , we heard helicopters and we knew we would make it out of the woods . we were able to send the eight out , ' she said . ' when you go to medical school , you learn to focus on the task at hand . but now that things have settled down , it 's hit me hard . ' that young man who died in front of me — a 25-year-old should n't have to die . ' among the mountaineers who died in the disaster is a 33-year-old google executive dan fredinburg marisa eve girawong , a new jersey-born doctor based at the site , and tom taplin , filmmaker from denver who was recording a documentary about the treacherous summit . dan fredinburg , left , and marisa eve girawong , right , died in the avalanche in everest on saturday . californian financial advisor scott holder was on everest when the devastating avalanche killed 18 people . he described how he had to zip a dead body into a sleeping bag , and was giving medicine to the injured when a doctor told him : 'don’t worry , you are just comforting these people . most of them are not going to survive . ' speaking to cnn , he said he felt lucky to be alive , having descended the mountain because he was suffering from a bad head cold . ' god definitely had his hand in my survival . my cold took me out of the danger zone . i guess you could say god gave me a cold . ' , he said . read more here . they were buried by avalanches triggered by a huge earthquake in nepal slammed into a section of the mountaineering base camp , where hundreds were preparing to make their summit attempts . the death toll across nepal , china , india and bangladesh has risen to 3,300 , with nepalese officials speculating it could reach 10,000 . more than 6,000 have been injured across the region . it is the second time in two years gallant has helped people hurt in an everest avalanche . according to the salt lake tribune . she and another doctor helped injured climbers at the mountain 's base camp medical tent after an avalanche struck in april 2014 , killing 16 people . gallant spent more than 10 years training to climb the himalayan mountain . she has previously climbed peaks on at least four continents during that period , including the highest mountain in antarctica .