eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at the best of his ability after he was substituted just 62 minutes into belgium 's win over israel on tuesday . hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country , missing just five matches for chelsea and being an ever-present in their barclays premier league title charge . but as belgium struggled to a hard-fought 1-0 win over israel in european championship qualifying group b , hazard was withdrawn by manager marc wilmots with 28 minutes to go having found it difficult to get the better of his marker orel dgani . eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best . hazard was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium 's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night . the 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of chelsea 's games this season , mainly avoiding injury . the 24-year-old playmaker was clearly unhappy to have been substituted and looked to shoot wilmots a disapproving look as he left the field to be replaced by nacer chadli before questioning the manager on his decision after the game . ‘ i was a little bit surprised to be substituted , ' hazard said . ' also , i was a little bit unhappy and i think you could see that i was unhappy . ‘ i asked the coach for a reason and he told me that i was tired . maybe i was a little bit tired . i’ve played a lot of games this season . ’ in his post-match comments , wilmots added : ‘ hazard is not hurt , but i had the impression that he was tired . in these kind of games , you have to react immediately because we did not have time . ' belgium manager marc wilmots said he felt that hazard looked tired , something the player questioned him on . hazard scored early on in chelsea 's last game , a 3-2 win over hull city , but the team were pegged back . hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to premier league action on saturday . belgium captain vincent kompany was sent off for a second yellow card within two minutes of hazard 's withdrawal , leaving belgium clinging on to their slender lead , and wilmots admitted he may not have substituted his star man had he known his side would be down to 10 men . despite his admission , hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to premier league action with the visit of stoke city to stamford bridge on saturday . and with a tough run-in and another international break still to come , the belgian forward could rack up as many as 59 appearances by the time the season finally ends in mid-june . belgium 's win in jerusalem saw them return to the top of their qualifying group , ahead of wales on goal difference . they travel to face them in cardiff in their next competitive game on june 12 . marouane fellaini ( left ) celebrates his goal with vincent kompany , axel witsel and christian benteke ( l-r ) but kompany was later sent off and wilmots admitted he may not have substituted hazard two minutes later . 