the decomposing bodies of the men accused of killing 148 innocent people at a kenyan university were paraded in front of a large crowd at a primary school today . the authorities drove the naked , bloated corpses of the four alleged terrorists around the town in a pickup truck from the mortuary to garissa primary school . it comes as survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued after al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday . scroll down for video . paraded : the naked bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around garissa before the pickup truck parked at a primary school . in the primary school playground , hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of being the attackers . hundreds of people , some grieving for the loved ones they lost in the siege , gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men who are believed to be responsible . pictures of the crowds and the bodies piled onto the vehicle are being shared on social media . four attackers died at garissa , but they have not been named and their nationalities have not been revealed . it was hoped that crowds viewing the corpses might identify them . ' i want to see them , ' muna haji told the washington post . ' i want to know that these people are dead . they have killed innocent people . ' survivor ms cheroitich , who hid under a pile of clothes , spoke about her ordeal following her rescue today . she was initially too petrified to come out of the wardrobe , but a lecturer she knew eventually convinced her that police officers were not the al-shabaab gunmen - 50 hours after the barbaric attack began . kenyan troops searching the building were alarmed when they heard sounds coming from inside a wardrobe . a police officer said : ' she kept asking for reassurance from the security forces they were not al-shabaab before she could come out . ' she was given milk and rushed to the garissa hospital , where she is being observed before being given counselling . ' speaking later in hospital , the survivor said she told officers from inside the wardrobe : ' how do i know that you are the kenyan police ? ' ' i was just praying to my god , ' ms cheroitich , a christian , said . a crowd gathers outside the morgue to catch a glimpse of the corpses of the alleged terrorists who killed 148 . members of the public gather outside the mortuary window to view the bodies of the alleged attackers in the mortuary . people gather to catch a glimpse of the bodies of the alleged terrorists at the hospital mortuary in garissa . this picture of a classroom strewn with dead bodies has emerged revealing the true horror of the massacre . four other survivors from the massacre at garissa university college were found yesterday . a photograph from inside one of the classrooms at the university has emerged , showing at least 12 bodies strewn across the floor , which is covered in blood . at least three people appear to have been huddled in fear in the corner of the room when they were murdered by the militant islamists . the terrorists raided the university early on thursday morning , overwhelming guards and murdering people they suspected of being a christian . a total of 148 people were killed in the siege , with the gunmen shooting and beheading those who could not recite the koran . most of those killed were students but two police officers , one soldier and two watchmen are among the dead . kenya 's interior minister , joseph nkaissery said the four terrorist gunmen had strapped themselves with explosives . when officers shot at them , they exploded ' like bombs ' and shrapnel injured officers . kenyan security officials said dozens of hostages were freed and four of the gunmen , believed to be armed with ak-47s , were killed . cynthia cheroitich , 19 , emerged after two days of hiding inside wardrobe at the university , and was initially too petrified to believe police officers were not al-shabaab gunmen . today survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued . the interior ministry said five suspects had been detained , some while trying to flee to somalia , where al-shabaab is based . four were kenyans of somali origin , and the fifth was tanzanian , the ministry said . officials said all three were associates of islamist teacher mohamed mohamud , who is believed to have masterminded the attack . there is a £145,000 bounty on his head . the interior ministry said the three suspects arrested at the border had coordinated the attack . two people were detained at the university , including a security guard and a tanzanian man . ' we suspect the tanzanian , who was hiding in the ceiling , was one of the combatants , ' ministry spokesman mwenda njoka said . ' he had ammunition with him when he was arrested on thursday night . we suspect the guard facilitated the entry ( into the university ) . ' in a chilling warning today , the terrorist group said more attacks like the university massacre were planned . ' kenyan cities will run red with blood , ' al-shabab said in a statement , according to the site intelligence monitoring group . survivors : a woman reacts after seeing her son who was rescued from the garissa university college attack . relatives are reunited with their loved ones who survived the attack ( centre ) at nyayo stadium in kenya 's capital nairobi . a woman who survived the attack ( centre ) is reunited with relatives at nyayo stadium in nairobi today . the militants said the barbaric attack was in retaliation for killings carried out by kenyan troops fighting the rebels in somalia . ' this will be a long , gruesome war of which you , the kenyan public , are its first casualties . ' no amount of precaution or safety measures will be able to guarantee your safety , thwart another attack or prevent another bloodbath . ' kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta said today that those behind the attack were ' deeply embedded ' in kenya , and called on kenyan muslims to help prevent radicalisation . ' our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities , ' he said in a televised speech . ' radicalisation that breeds terrorism is not conducted in the bush at night . it occurs in the full glare of day , in madrasas , in homes , and in mosques with rogue imams . ' a grieving relative is overcome with emotion after viewing the body of a family member - one of the 148 killed in the barbaric attack . mouring : today hundreds of grieving relatives were still gathered in grief outside the college , where 148 people were murdered . a total of 148 people were killed in the siege , with the gunmen shooting and beheading those who could not recite the koran . pictured : a relative of one of the students who was murdered weeps .