as he cuddles his beautiful baby grandson , david suchet looks every inch the proud grandfather . but behind the smiles , he is battling hard to help the little boy face the future with an incurable genetic disease . suchet , best known as the star of tv series poirot , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases and has criticised ‘disorganisation’ in the nhs for slowing down the process . his grandson todd , who is about to celebrate his first birthday , has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex . so close : david suchet with his grandson todd , who has the rare genetic illness tuberous sclerosis complex . those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties . suchet , 68 , revealed his grandchild was diagnosed with the condition shortly after birth . he said ‘ mismanagement in the admin side’ of the nhs means he is not receiving treatment that could help him . todd is the son of suchet’s son robert , a 33-year-old fitness coach . in february mps raised concerns that slow nhs decision making was blocking patients with incurable diseases from accessing vital drugs . but now suchet has taken up the battle to ensure his grandson can receive treatment , and is encouraging twitter users to voice their support with the hashtag # fight4treatment . he explained : ‘ the condition was discovered when he was just a few weeks old when he started having fits . he had an mri and was found to have tsc . some people don’t discover it until later on in life and it can manifest itself in various different phases . ’ speaking about medication that could help todd , suchet added : ‘ the drugs are available but we can’t get them . ‘ there are many reasons why we don’t have access to them but there seems to be such disorganisation and mismanagement in the admin side that it’s all gone pear-shaped and people are suffering . ’ the actor has become involved in fundraising for the tuberous sclerosis association charity and narrated a video for its campaign . he explained : ‘ # fight4treatment is fighting to get drugs for rare diseases and non-rare diseases available from the nhs , to give to sufferers who would benefit . they’re so expensive , it’s almost immoral . ’ suchet , 68 , left , and as poirot , right , said ‘ mismanagement in the admin side’ of the nhs means his grandson is not receiving treatment that could help him . in the video he urges people to contact their local mps to raise the issue with the health secretary . he says the family try to be optimistic about his grandson’s prognosis , adding : ‘it’s incurable , but we remain hopeful that we will find something to manage it for him . ’ in 2013 it was announced that after over 20 years of playing the belgian detective , suchet had decided to say goodbye to hercule poirot . he first took the role in 1989 , but said the character would not be reprised as every agatha christie book about him had been filmed . however suchet , who is a devout christian , will be returning to television screens tomorrow to present a documentary about st peter . in the footsteps of st peter will be aired on bbc1 on good friday . 