nick robinson returned to the tv screens last night , with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment . the bbc 's political editor announced at the start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour . but he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover ' the election proper ' . last night he returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio . bbc political editor nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night ( pictured ) , although his voice sounded weak and strained following his cancer surgery . mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour which involved surgery to stop cancer spreading to other parts of the body . afterwards he tweeted : ' good to be back on air . do n't worry about the voice . it does n't hurt and i 'm not risking my recovery . ' he said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist . his return comes at a vital stage of the campaign , when the parties lay out their programmes for government to voters . the tories ' manifesto is unveiled today and the liberal democrats ' is on wednesday . mr robinson , 51 , who is married with three children , has been sent an outpouring of good wishes , led by prime minister david cameron . in a message recorded for the bbc website earlier yesterday , mr robinson said his return was a ' small step ' and he did not expect to return to the campaign trail full-time at this stage . ' i 'm taking my next small step back to reporting the election after my recent operation . as you can hear , my voice is still recovering and it 's got a way to go yet . i 'm not ready to go on the campaign trail full-time , but i will be watching this week 's manifesto launches and the big opposition parties ' debate on thursday . ' i 'll be blogging and i hope doing a little bit of broadcasting like this too . i would like to thank all those people who have sent me good wishes – it 's really strengthened me . ' it 's a fascinating election with an extraordinarily unpredictable result and i ca n't wait to get back to reporting it full-time , which , fingers crossed , could be fairly soon . ' while he has been away , deputy political editor james landale has been anchoring the election coverage and intereviewed all the major party leaders - landing the scoop that mr cameron would not stand for a third term if re-elected . 